
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one way they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren fil in for Jess. Yes indeed. And we got a special guest in The building, the legendary Comedian. Bill Burr. Welcome. Hey, what's going on? How are you? How you feeling? What's up, bill? I'm all right. You know, you, you made us, you made me think about something just night. There is a risk in giving compliments. Oh yeah. I came in And I was saying, I go, Hey, yeah, you, you lost some weight. You look good. They say, yeah. He said, you look good. And then he said, what were you saying? I was fat before? I was like, I guess I kind of was And I wasn't. And I was like, well, what if he's sick, Bill? Yeah. And you said that's the risk he take. That's the risk. The risk you Take. That's the risk. That's the risk you take.


But you know they got AIDS under control. Yeah. Jesus. They Do. Yes they do. It's not like a big deal anymore. Remember when Everybody used to be so scared of aids? It was terrifying. Right. Up Up Magic Johnson Press conference. Just wanna clear this. I don't have aids. That Was a crazy Transition. I look That you like, you're not gonna say nothing crazy. It was our generation. If somebody got skinny, That's what it was. But Before us it was heroin. Oh, crack. Yeah. And then after that, yeah. Yeah. My Age. This is a Way to start this interview, by the way. Good morning. Drug addiction aids. Yeah. By the way, bill, you're 56. You are not in your drop dead years, man. Yeah, don't say that. Cut it out. Well, Yeah. Nah, no people, people Dr. Yeah. I've had friends drop dead in these years, in these years.


So I hope I'm not, I try Emini here. I'm I'm an old dad. So that was sort of the, the thought that I started, you know, thinking like, I, I, how long do I have to live? So my kids will, you know, IIII raised them and I was starting to do the math and it was kind of scaring me. So I've been, I don know, but you know, you get to be 56, gonna be 57. You start think that's young thinking of those things. No, it isn't. Yes, it is. 57 times two is 114. That's not young. How old people like, oh, you know, you're middle age. It's like, no, I'm not. I'm 56, I'll be 57. So Yeah. That's old. No. How old are your Kids? Oh, my kids. My daughter is eight and my son's gonna be five.


Oh yeah. So I started late. Yeah. Oh yes. But the average age of, of the most people die of men. At least around 74, 75. That's the average age in America. Oh, okay. That's good. Yeah. So Those are, those are actually the drop iest. Yeah. At least make the car. No, that's not dropping dead. That's, that's dying of natural causes or whatever you were doing. Dropping dead is you're out on a golf course, you know, just, you know, limbing up doing this. Yeah. And then just faceplant into the tees. But You gotta take care of yourself. You go to the doctor, you do your cardiovascular tests. That's what, that's, I'm not dying. You're just doing like a health intervention here. It's, it is a standup special. You're taking it very seriously here.


Okay. With, with the thing. It's just sort of making fun of the fact that you Yeah, I'm not young anymore. I gotta watch myself and, and whatnot. So you, You run around the park with your kids still? Yes. Mm. I do all of that type of stuff. Stuff. He's not that Old. Why you saying it like that? Like Yeah. 'cause he making his himself sound seem so age. I'm like, well, what young stuff do you do that makes you feel like, I can't this no more. I'm damn. It's just being 56 is is like, is that a crazy thing to think that 56 is kind of old? I think so. Because you don't Emini here the way that I think, because you put, you say 56 and then you, you talk about all of the like, kinda like the up the hill battle stuff. Like it's just you wake up every day and you look, look fine. She's, She's, she's 33, but that's, you Make it's young.


She make it feel like you make it feel like you feel old. Like, so I'm like, dang, we're ancient to her. What's happening with Your kids? All right, listen, I'll call Hulu. I will rename The special, I'll see What I can do. Try to make the pregame to drop dead years. Yes. Okay. It's the pregame. All Right, well The special is out today. Yes. Now it is out today on Hulu Drop dead years for everybody out there. Make sure you go stream it. Make sure you go watch it. Absolutely. Can, can you tell us what, well, I guess you just told us what inspired the name, but how, how does it reflect the material you're covering in the special? Well, I always have like a mix of like, I talk about current events, crazy thoughts, and then, you know, sort of analyzing my mistakes or whatever.


So I'm not, because my earlier specials, I was just doing this, so I like to try to point the finger at myself a little bit more, but I don't know, God, I did the thing back in June and my act is all different now, but it was just, just stuff that was Emini here. It, you know, Biden was still president when I did it, so there wasn't like all of this stuff that's going on now that is, you know, intense. What are His years if you're to drop dead is what are some, when you're Biden's age, what is his years called Emini here. That guy should have been in a home Emini here. I don't understand like how that guy was our best option. Yeah. I don't know. It's, it's, it's, I try to stay out of politics, but no matter what you do now, everybody just sort of drags you into it.


So, you know, and then like in my world, the white world, they try to throw, they, they throw the, the word woke on you, which I always Just say, you can't use that word. That word has nothing to do with us. You can't be woke as a white person. Yeah. You're just not. And that's one of the embarrassing things about my people is not only do we steal your slang, we don't have the decency to find out the definition before we start using it. And then it, it like changes. Like, I heard somebody the other day was talking about like how when they get drunk, their, their accent comes out and they were like, yeah, it's like code switching.


That's just like, That's not what that is. Yes. You know, when it comes to comedy though, are you trying to provide an escape for people? Or do you feel like you have to use comedy to make sense of The World that we live in? Definitely an escape. Okay. I'm big on that. Like, my job is when you come, I'm gonna make you laugh. Forget about whatever you're going through or add to a good week if you had it. But I don't put any sort of level of importance. People try to do that. Like, there's this stupid thing out there, the comedians, they're, they're like the truth tellers of today. It's like, no, you journalists aren't doing your fucking jobs anymore. You guys are all, you guys work for one or two channels and you know, you just sort of toe the company line.


So then they're, they're putting it on comedians. It's like, you know, that's not our job, our job's to make you laugh and forget about the, your work week or whatever. So I don't put any sort of importance on anything that I I'm doing. But people, other people try to, I guess I Wonder whose fault that is though. Like, is that, was there a particular comedian? Because you know, George Collin always kept people to me, grounded in reality. And then what John Stewart did and still does, you know, on the daily show, he keeps people grounded in reality. But then he reports the news. So sometimes they want you to make the facts funny. 'cause the news, right. The news isn't doing it. Like the news Isn't, oh, I stopped watching the news at least 10 years ago. Damn. I just couldn't do it.


There was just no hope. You just walk around. I, I can always say, you can tell people that watch 24 Hour news, they show up and their eyebrows are up. Did you, you see what happened, Emini here, he just, I just did Good Morning America. Just the weather alone, the way they were showing all of this severe weather and nobody is addressing global warming and how the hell and what are we gonna do about this? Yeah. And I think, I really think the LA fires all that corporations see like, oh wow, we got, we got great ratings watching all these people lose their houses. So let's, so then I was like watching the weather on Good Morning America being like, is it really this bad? Are they trying to make it seem this bad so they can get some more of those la fire ratings, ratings or whatever.


So you Gotta sensationalize in news that's like the, your g your goal and you know how to sensationalize. Yeah. They just trying to make money. So, I don't know. It's a, it's a, it's a weird time. And how Do you stay away from politics? When I feel like politics is just funny nowadays. It's pop culture, everything is just everywhere. Every, like, everything you say has to do with political, not everything, but a lot of stuff you say has to do with political stuff. Like you were trending all morning this morning. Did you know that on Twitter? Yeah. But I guarantee you, whatever they were saying, I was saying I wasn't, what was it about? It was, It was the Elon Musk n Nazi thing and how the media is scared. I can't, don't say what they need to say. Well, it's ridiculous. There was a, there was a time post Me Too and all that, speaking to power, all of that shit that was happening To Power, you Know, remember when something was supposed to happen for you guys and it didn't Yeah.


Because it was all of us just talking Emini here. That's what ended up happening. No, that's true. That's what ended up happened. There was a lot of White people making a lot of promises that never happened. Yeah. Oh, was it during the black squares time or something? I don't, I don't, I don I don't rem I just, I just remember there was a time that you would be on stage going like, can I do this Caitlyn Jenner joke? Or am I, is this gonna like, am I gonna get canceled? Like it was really a, this crazy time. Nah, he, and then she was the one transgender you could always make jokes about and nobody would get mad. I don't know. I kind of did one on Conan and then those guys at Huffington Post tried to get something going, but, and okay, so there was that period and then like a few years later, this guy sea tiled twice, two of 'em once in the front if you missed it in the back.


And it's just like, he still has a job. That guy still has a job. Like, I don't, I don't understand those guys. And this isn't politically, it's just like, I don't understand why they're so upset with this country. It's like you're billionaires. I think it's working for you. Like, like, you know, why are you going and telling everybody, you know, justify what you do. It's like fucking justify what you do. That piece of shit car that you're making that the government financed. No, But you know what you just said. You said that Elon still has a job. He's the richest man in The World. There's nothing they can do to him. And that's all he proved. There's nothing anybody can do to him by throwing up when he did that. Yeah. What do you take from him? He's not Kyrie Irving. He's not Kanye. Like what do you do? Yeah, But you keep, I I I don't know.


I listen, I don't know how this shit works. I'm just saying that, you know, if, if you said the wrong thing as a comedian, all of a sudden you lost your TV show. But You not the richest man in The World. If he was the richest comedian in The World ever. I don't get imagine Bill Bur Would throw Much money. What I don't get is the amount of veterans that, that people in the armed services that died trying to stop Hitler. And then this guy comes in, you know, and does that while being an immigrant too, which is kind of the whole thing. Just none, none of it. Like tracks how you can be to support the troops, you know, America love it or leave it and then this guy comes in and gives a shout out to Hitler. Makes no sense at all.


Yeah, it doesn't. So I don't know. But then somehow that gets like politicized. I'm not trashing Republicans. All Republicans did not seek Kyle. That guy did. Yeah. And I was just amazed that all liberals had was one day of outrage and they're like, all right, I guess that didn't work. Then we just kind of move on because They realized they can't do anything to him. Like, what do you do other than send out some angry tweets? Well, the stock went down a little bit, but then Trump tried to, you know, buy some, some Teslas on, you know, live on television to show people that it's cool about it. The, the company. So the People online said, bill Barr is absolutely cooking. He don't realize he gonna lead a revolution and then make jokes and complain about it. So they want you to tell them what to do.


That's one comment. That's Multiple. That's what If you go down this, they was, they was, Can I tell you they Was giving it up for you this morning. If you were in this business, the last thing you wanna do is read com comments on the internet. You just, I tell her that every fucking Day. Not whenever a person is trending. I have to go see why. Like, it's just in my world of things, She lives in the comments. Oh, This is not the, this is, this is, this is not the comments, this is like you were trending across the US on Twitter. So I clicked to see why, 'cause I knew you were coming today. And then I saw the comment that you made, which I saw the day before, but people just started The common sense comment that shouldn't have a Nazi. Yeah. And people just started yelling about it today. So that's why you were trending.


Just Think about that. All you said, I, when people know he, he wasn't, he wasn't Sikh highly, What was it He was calling? He was calling a legal motion. Motion. Two politicians were moving at the same time. Well, you know, you you, you said you feel like billionaires are like rabbit dogs who deserve to be put down. Wow. Damn. Why Do you feel well, Emini here. Well, Emini here. It's a podcast. I'm, I'm, I'm e I'm joking, I'm exaggerating. You can't do that. Just say anything, bill. Yes you can. And I did it and it's fine. You know what I hate? I hate when somebody shows them a clip from a movie or a sketch and be like, oh, you, you couldn't do that today. It's like you just did it.


That's true. And we all watched it and everything was fine. So like, I So you Don't really feel like billionaires are rabbit dogs who should be put down? I I think that they should be regulated. Yeah. Capitalism is great, but unregulated capitalism, I don't think the direction this is going. And where now these guys, the thing is, is they're all competing with each other. They don't hang out with regular people, they just hang out with other billionaires. So when somebody has an infinity pool overlooking an infinity pool, then that, that's what they want. And you know, I think they just go around looking at their net worth and they're trying to be like the first trillionaire. But I, I don't, I don't know, I don't understand that. But this, this whole like, heartless way that they treat workers I agree.


Is it's, it's gotta stop. It has to stop. And I don't, I do find it funny though that it's nerds that are ruining The World. 'cause they used to always go after like frat boys and stuff and it's like, well now look at it. It's all of these, these, I don't know, they're all getting like hair plugs and they get like face, I don't understand the CEO they take Juujitsu and they eat raw almonds. Yeah. They Got the girlfriends now too. They outside Elon Musk, everybody. Oh my God. Everybody come on. They, the people, they outside now. People are following them more. They're making 'em celebrities. That's what's happening. Yes. Like that's what it is. That's what Emini here by, they're outside people are just All right. Gravitating I would say they actually, they got the pick of the litter.


When it comes to women though, I don't think the pick of the litter, I think people care about them more. The thing is, is they're nerds so they don't have any game. So they have to have a billion dollars, you know, just to get some stripper to walk up their driveway. Jesus. It's Kind of always What Emini here. Jesus. This is The Breakfast Club. It's kind of always been like that though. I love, huh? It's kind of been like that for guys. Guys always felt like we needed some money. I never felt like that. You know, because you know who the real g the real goats are when it comes to talking to women was those guys that were getting money are not getting money. Were getting women before they had money. That's right. They would, that the guys in high school and college or, or whatever who were just crushing it.


Like that was the real deal. 'cause they were getting that with like their vibe, their gift of gab and all of that. But like, once you have like money, if you have a good looking, if you get after you have money, if you then get a good looking woman, you can't. I how do you trust that? That's right. Jeff Bezos is like a perfect example of, of that. Like people weren't caring too much about him besides what he was doing right or wrong at Amazon. And then he started, he got muscles. He started looking like a little something got with Lawrence Sanchez. Not everybody care about his relationship and where they go with it. No, They don't. They care about Jeff Bezos being Jeff with all that money. If you Google Jeff Bezos, Lauren Sanchez, the top media outlets are covering their engagement. Okay. About girl let be following this Girl when the fact that she was what she wore at, at the inauguration, People in The World.


What I'm saying, no one, what What part of the internet is that? On just outta curiosity, because I am nowhere near that. I watched like lions killing hyenas, people wiping out on motorcycles. I had no idea that somebody's watching a CEO's. Yeah. All you know is that on Twitter, You can Google it too. But you know, people feel like that about multimillionaires too though. Bill and you are a multimillionaire. I, I, I hit the lottery. Yeah. I was, I worked in a warehouse. I did shit like that. And then I, I tried like I, you know, I went after something and it, and it, and it paid up. Like there's no way to win that conversation where it's just like, oh, you got money now, so shut the fuck up.


And then, but then if you act like you have money, it's like, well don't forget where you came from. So like, I don't know. I am, I don't know. I'm, I, I, I'm, nobody's the same person that they were. I like to think I learned some shit along the way, but like, you know, people who work for me get paid. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want them to go to bed terrified. Wake up terrified, go to work. Terrified. Like that one Psycho said that he wants his workers to do. Like, I want people to be comfortable. Yeah. Like why wouldn't you want your employees to, like when I was growing up, the, you know, the working class, it was like one week's pay should be your rent or your mortgage. And now I know people that work a whole month and have to get like a second job and that's just not good.


You know, you need to be home with your kids. If you have a second job, you can't do that. You can't raise 'em. Right, right. Causes more problems. I don't know. So you like compassionate capitalism? Yeah. I have no problem with people running stuff. I have no problem with people making a ton of money. But like, you know when, when your workers are wearing adult diapers 'cause they don't have time to go to the bathroom. Damn. As they're driving your truck across the country, like Yeah, that's what I've going All right. Maybe, maybe you're taking too much of the pie. That's all. So, I don't know. People are gonna cut this shit up and they're gonna fucking throw it and you're gonna read it and they're gonna say some more stuff Show it feels like common sense. But, But you're not afraid to talk though. That's what I like about you, bill.


You go on these podcasts, you speak your mind, you get on stage, you speak your mind and you don't care about what you know happens after the fact. Well, I'm not being malicious. That's right. Like, no. If I said something And I was in a bad mood and it was really like I meant it in a bad way, which I've done that, then I will apologize. But, you know, what am I saying here right now? You should pay your workers enough money that they can feel that they can feed and clothe their family. That's Common Sense. I don I don't think that's too controversial. He's a woke capitalist, anti woke, capitalist, whatever the hell they called that Luigi kid. Oh yeah, I saw when you were doing the sneaker thing and you talked about that too. That was super viral.


She lives online if you haven't realized Yeah, Emini here. But I, I like, You know something, you cut straight through. I hate to tell you how few people it takes to comment on one thing to make it go viral. No, but you, what you were saying, I think people took it and like they, 'cause people were having a conversation at the time of like, is it right or wrong to say free Luigi? So they just threw that into the conversation. But I think a lot of stuff that, Oh, that's what people like doing. Yeah. I think should We blah, blah, blah. They, they never commit. But that's what I was gonna say then. And People go, no, we should not. Like they just, they just get all these mouth breathers to start commenting. But That's the problem with the news. Like these, these pundits will be on tell like C-N-N-M-C, they'll ask answers. They'll be like, did Elon Musk throw up a a a hail Hitler?


You know? Yeah. Yeah. But those, those are not, those are not, that's not news. That's not, they used to have rules. They used to have, when I was a, I remember they had rules of seven. No one guy could own any combination of seven radio stations, newspapers, magazines in one market because you could control public opinion. So now you've got two guys that basically own all the news. So I don't know why you would watch it Emini here. I I, I I, if I was running shit, I would shut down CNN Fox News and you would no longer be able to comment on stuff on the internet. And then I would just leave it at that and let the, you know, bring it down to a simmer and then maybe be like, all right, you know, talk to people.


How do you wanna live? What works for you? And try to like, you know, I don't know, how would we get shit needs to calm down and it don't, you don't need people stirring stuff up. Because, you know, one of the great things about this job is like, I, I go to all 50 states for the most part, red and blue. And people are cool, but you watch these leaders and they're like, oh my God, this is happening. That's happening. They, they just got everybody all scared. So I don't know. How do you get news 'cause in or to what You don't need. Everybody's walking around talking about it. So how do I get news? I don what they Lying. Yeah, I was gonna say. 'cause you just trust what people say. But that's the thing too. 'cause some outlets already, that's What you're doing when you're watching CNN and Fox.


You're trusting what these unbelievably biased, that's one side of the the other Yeah. It's, it's not, you know, you watch those channels, you know who they voted for. Yeah. When I was growing up. You didn't, it was just like an anchor man. And you know, I don't know how y'all did that though back then. 'cause I don't believe that. Yo yo Yo, I know how Y'all did that back then. Black and white television. I don know how y'all Did that. You have black and white tv. Go ahead. I don't believe that. I don't believe that no person can be completely unbiased. Like, I think that that is not true. I think No, no. I, I believe that everybody has a bias. So you're always gonna get biased news even when it feels neutral. Yeah. Okay. But I would say that these are really extreme.


They don't even try to hide it. Yeah. Like I remember the first time Trump got elected, half of CNN was crying. Oh, you talking about being, And I Was just half And I Was just like, you guys are not journalists. Like, you know, there's no crying in baseball. There's no crying in journalism. What are you doing? True. Yeah. Yeah. It looked like somebody, you know, shut down their sweet 16 party. It was weird. Did, did, did a random question. Did Billy Corgan get the DNA test to see if you and him are really half brothers? I Saw him. I don't want, you know. Yeah, I don't wanna get into that. I don't wanna get that was just a, you know, I love Howie, but we're still trying to work, you know, work that out. Yeah. That he did that. So, Oh, so that was real.


That wasn't a bit that, that y'all had going On. I don't want to, you know, I don't want to, I'm just gonna leave that stuff alone. Okay. There's a lot of people out there that aren't in this business that might be affected, you know, so I just leave that alone. Okay. All right. Wow. I I need to ask, you said you, you've been married 11 years and you said you finally got it right? Yeah. What were you getting wrong for so long? He didn't know Happy wife was happy life. Yeah. Which sounds cute. It's a threat. What you mean happy wife, happy life? What do you mean? What do Emini here? What do you mean? How threat? Well, you never been with a female. I've been married. I've been married. Twin. Yeah. And you're smart enough to say, what do you mean? So I say it. Oh, you don't walk home. I'm trying that slick Shit. You ain't the Ali. You said It.


What do you mean by that? I live on a different planet. No, I, I kind of, no silence. Silence is the key. When they get all, you know, going on about something, you don't have to take the bait. You just sit there. If you don't engage, like arguing with the, with a woman as an away game is what I've learned. And they're, you're just gonna lose. But if you just stay quiet, not hostile, quiet, neutral, quiet. Yep. Dies of its own weight. And then you just, if you just never get upset, then they, they, they still look at her. You see the look on her face. They come around. They come around and then, but then this is the thing too. You can't ask them to apologize either.


Damn. You can't. You have to. They, you have to let it see, you have to make it them feel like it was their decision. You know what I say? I, and this might sound a little off, I say sometimes winning is losing. Yeah. Well, you can, you can, I wouldn't go that negative. That's a little hopeless. No, you got, listen, you have your guy friends to say what you really feel in that moment when that shit that you used to say to your wife, but like, you just don't do it anymore. You just sit there and go like, you know, you just let 'em go. You know? I feel a little unhealthy. I feel like you should be able to talk to your wife about any and everything. Like Yeah. But Emini here, that's how you're wired. Yeah. You got like that stubborn thing.


You're not gonna, you're not gonna take any I I've done that. That doesn't work with a woman. Sometimes You're very easy Emini here. Y'all might have a way that y'all communicate when you do really need to get something off your chest. But you're really easy gone with your wife. She she leads a lot. Yeah. But she also makes, I feel like women, we, we know the same thing. Like, we know how to make y'all feel like it's your decision when it's like, if you really make the decision, who knows where we'll end up. Yeah. You guys think you're slick with it. We know that. We know what you're doing. Yeah. We, we know that trick. We know what y'all doing. Yeah. All right. She's single by the way. I remember one time, I, I used to told this story one time. I was, I was ri driving in the car with my wife and it was like late at night And I was like, you know what, I'm gonna stop by. There was this d And I was gonna get a, a chocolate shake, whatever sugar crave, I'm gonna get a chocolate shake.


She goes, oh my God, that would be amazing. And she goes, they, they make the best shakes. She goes, oh, but they're so big. Why do they make 'em so much? She started talking about how big they were And I started thinking like, yeah, how am I gonna finish this thing? You know? And then I thought like, oh, she wants half my shake. She doesn't want her own shake and she wants to have some of mine, but she doesn't want me to be upset that she's, you know, drinking my shake or whatever. So she rather than just saying, you wanna just split one, she tried to like mind fuck me into thinking I couldn't finish a shake as as an adult. Did you finish the shake? No, I called her out on it. And what did she say? I do want one. She got this smile on her face and started looking out the window. And I, there's this few times when they like, sort of expose themselves, you know, and then you start going like, you start feeling like the Manchurian candidate going like, oh my God.


Like she's running. Like, I remember one time we had got into an argument and somehow I stayed calm and she kept escalating and then she ended up losing it. Oh, that piss off. And at the, and and at the end of the argument, why you calm? She goes, she goes, are you happy you won? You made me mad. And then she walked out And I was like, I go, what did you Just say? And she was like, like nothing. I go, what did you Just say? You just said, are you you, are you happy? You made me mad. You won. Do you think making somebody mad is winning? Mm. Because I feel like that's what you do to me. And she was at that point like arranging stuff on like her desk and stuff and, but it's not A competition.


Like, oh, it's not a competition. You are purpose.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State forum.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate it's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. You trying to make her mad? I think He was. Nah, no I wasn't. I accidentally did what she was doing to me. Like when, 'cause it was all of those times when I was like, I'd be in an argument, I would be right and then all of a sudden I would be arguing some other shit going like, how did we get over here? And then I would say something dumb and then I would end up having to apologize even though I was right.


And then I would go for a walk and then sort of like, you know, after the, you lose a game, you're looking at the game film And I would say, ah, she did it to me again. Yeah. So I don know what They always say, win through your actions, never through argument. So I feel like that's what you mean when you say just be quiet. Yeah. Emini here, that's, whatever you just said is more evolved than I am. I just try to like, like that was like when I'm on Duolingo And I kind of know most of the words And I was like, wait, let me, lemme Just say pause and think what was just said. Just win through Your action and never through argument. Like I had no need to argue with somebody. Just, you know, showing proof basically. Are you buying this? I Don't buy nothing from over there. I don't even shop over There. He's just like walking around in some linen robe and just, just walking his way through the We.


So you're just telling me, you just, you just, you just sit in the pocket the whole time and, and all of her juujitsu doesn't work on you. No, We go, we, but here's my thing, I'm not trying to compete. You're an argumentative guy. I like the debate. I like healthy Debate. I like how you just clarified that. Alright. I Like the debate. I think a healthy debate is good for all parties, for everybody, for your friends, for your wife. Everything. I'm not talking about debating, I'm talking about arguing. Nah, I don't like arguing. Just pointless. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I don't do that. I refuse with anybody. I disconnect. I aspire to get there. Well you said, and especially That you the amount of shit. If you ever at the end of my life of dumb shit that I spent. Oh, sports arguments. Oh my God. That's gonna be a third of my life.


But Those are different though. Sports and hip hop. Those don't, those are, those are actually fun. I think those are good for your heart to be honest with you. Keep your blood flowing. You Don't get into a fight over it. Right? No, but you, I lost a whole night in Vegas one night when some younger kid I was hanging out with tried to tell me that Mayweather, if he fought in the eighties, would've would've gone undefeated against Haggler. Hearns. No, Duran, I'm missing somebody in there. Haggler, sugar, Ray Leonard, sugar Ray Leonard, John the Beast, Mugabi, all of these. Like, you argue about something that's not true. I'm like, they all took a loss from each other. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I'm no, no disrespect to him, but it was just like, 'cause I love Mayweather and everything, but I was just saying like, you know, I just, And I said the old guy thing.


Oh man, you should have seen the middleweight division in the eighties, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And they were like going, he was like, oh man, he, he would've killed all of them. And then I just, Did you name hit man Hearns? I don't know if you named Hearns. Yeah. I I named him. To me, that's just a pointless conversation. 'cause he didn't see it. See that's the beauty of being older. You've seen both eras. He has not, you've actually lived through 'em all to give a proper analysis. He hasn't. Well, Tommy Hearns, his thing was he was like six feet tall and he could make that weight. You know what Emini here. So he had this ridiculous reach advantage and his power, his thing, his thing that I felt that that hurt him was, he was such a warrior that there was a few times he had a fight won and he still just wanted to go in and mix up and knock it out and then knock the guy out and then he would get hurt.


But oh my God, when he, when he, when he knocked out Duran, I thought he killed him. Emini here. That was, that was like a gunshot. Let's Watch from the, the first round of day Hearns Haggler fight. Oh my God. That shit looked like Rocky. That Was, that was like, Haggler was my guy. He was Brockton, Massachusetts. And you know, he had the shaved head who knew I was gonna go that road. He had the shaved head and everything. And I just, I, there was something about him. He was just like, he just, he just was the toughest, I remember Hearns was saying he had the hardest head of anybody he ever hit. Like he broke his hand in like the, the first round of that fight. It was a three rounder.


I I saw you say that one of the greatest things that ever happened to you is that you went bald. You went bald for your acting career. Oh, For acting. Yeah, because before that, when I had like, you know, the red hair or whatever, like, you know, they talk about all the stereotypes in, in, in Hollywood. It's not just like with people of color. Like I was in the redhead drawer and there's just certain roles that you get And I remember like, you know, I'm old enough, we had like black and white head shots. So like in the nineties with the mousse and the hair, it kind of looked like brown hair. So a couple times in like some smaller projects, independent things, they would bring me in for the lead. And I was thinking, oh my God, I'm finally getting to go in. I'm finally gonna have like a big part. And I, And I would come walking in like, you know, prepare three scenes, right?


And I would come walking in and then they would see me, they'd be like, oh, okay. We we're just gonna do the first scene. And I knew what that was. It's like you're not gonna have, it was just this unwritten rule that if you were a redhead, you weren't gonna be the lead. Redheaded male was not gonna be the lead in a movie. So going bald and shaving my head, you know, I started looking more of like the asshole than I am. So I got, I got to play those kinds of guys. And you know, like this thing I'm in Glen Gary, Glen Ross, this guy David Moss that I'm playing is, you know, he sounds like all the guys that I grew up with. Like, it was a different time and people just yelled at each other and they said horrible shit to each other.


And there was like no apology and you just kind of moved on. So What makes you wanna do broadly? I gonna say this is your first time. Like that's like the, like you already do. The hardest thing there is to do on stage. I think comedians are maniacs for you is one person to go on stage. I would say editing a movie is way difficult than really. Oh my God. Oh my God. If if, first of all, on your first movie, if you don't know what you're doing, if like, you know, when you see experienced directors, they, they'll have a guy, they're like starting to edit this stuff as they go. So they almost have their first cut at the end. Your first time director, it's like you took five jigsaw puzzles and just threw it in the air and it's on the floor and you have to look at every piece and try to figure out how it went together. That's the hardest as far as in show business thing that I did.


And then before show business, any construction, landscaping roofing was brutal. But standup is, is not hard. It's more humiliating in the beginning when you don't know what you're doing. But once you know what you're doing, it's one of the easiest jobs in entertainment because it's in real time where like a movie's an hour and a half and it takes like three months to shoot it. 16 hour days, you know, an hour a standup takes an hour. So if you're funny, it's, it's an easy job. I I guess you gotta get to that point though. Yes. When you, when you just first starting out and you getting on that stage and it's you versus 300, 500 people. Man, my favorite thing is to watch people bomb.


Yeah. He enjoys it. No, I just like the thought process of watching people try to figure out how to get out of Oh Yeah, yeah. Trying to learn how to bomb gracefully. Yeah. You, you learn how to do it. But the only way to do it, what I do like about standup is the only way to learn how to do it is to do it. That's right. You can't like, rehearse. That's right. It's like you wanna be a comedian, you literally write five minutes of material and then you go up and try and do it. That would be like being able to play a guitar for five minutes and then go play your first concert. Like how would you do that? So it's inherently, it's, it's inherently set up to be a train wreck for the first, you know, three, four years of, of your career.


But whatever. But I Emini here, it's, it, the job is, is beyond a a, a blessing. I, I didn't know what I wanted to do in life, but I wanted to have a fun job. And it's definitely the most fun you could have. I I I love doing it. Well Why Broadway now though? Because I, I fell in love with acting and, and Broadway. I never was into, you know, I just thought it was all like cats, Les Miz and all of that. Like, I didn't understand any of that and, but in the late nineties 2000 I saw True West with John C. Reilly and rest his soul, Philip Seymour Hoffman. And it wasn't a musical. And I, And I watched it And I was like, wow, it was electrifying.


I was like, this is amazing. I would love to do that. And I had started to take some acting classes, you know, for about five years at that point. And I just sorta, you know, I just, the way the business used to be was like standup led to acting back when you got paid to be an actor as opposed to now I don't know what's going on. So yeah. So I just started taking acting classes and I don't know, I don't know how most of this stuff has happened, my career. And somehow I, I ended up on this thing, which is crazy. And we've done three preview shows, which is funny. They act like they don't count until the premiere, but it's like people paid like these count.


So, but it's a great cast of people and everybody's been killing it. So it's been fun In the opening of your special, when you walking on a stage, you talk about how comedy is like, kinda like your safe space or whatever because you've, you didn't You I never said safe space. It's my summation of it. Okay, you're wolf you are woke. This is you So woke space. I was you're so Woke. I was surprised guys. What did you say? Because whatever it was, I was surprised to hear you said, because you said something about like, you didn't know how much you wanted people to like you. Oh yeah. I thought I did And I was confused. I'm like, really? Yeah. Well I thought I did stand up because I liked comedy. That's what I thought. But I, I, I did, I didn't, through taking mushrooms and figuring myself out, I realized that the reason why I did comedy, aside from I like making people laugh and that's how I connected with them.


It was in this real, this way to go on stage and make a room full of strangers like you so they wouldn't hurt you. Yeah. And I, so that was kind of like, you know, That's a, i I just was surprised to hear you say that 'cause this other stuff you say, I'm like, you know, people are gonna dislike you for that, but you still say it so Well that probably has to do with, you know, not getting love. And then when you get it, when you grow up, then you push it away or something. Or not feeling worthy of it. Low self-esteem. There's a lot of stuff in there. I gotta take some more mushrooms to figure that part of it out. But you do a lot of plant-based medicines.


No, I just, I don't know what I do. I've only done mushrooms like three or four times. And what I like about it, it's the only drug I've ever done that didn't make me want to do it again the next day. It made me wanna like, work on myself and try to be not such an asshole. And has it worked? Yeah, it has. It's, yeah, it's, it's, I'm not gonna get into it, but confronted a lot of stuff that happened to me that made me become a comedian or have the need to do it. And then it made me understand my wife more and what it was like to be with me. 'cause you know what, Emini here, if you grow up in a crazy environment, your idea of not crazy is just less crazy than the crazy you grew up with.


Yeah. But if everybody, if you get with somebody that had a regular happy childhood, whatever that is, like, you, you think you're being chill and your chill is, is a raving lunatic to them. So, and then that becomes that the most difficult thing I think as a human being is empathy. Get outta me and listen to you. What are you saying? And then, you know, admitting you're wrong. Okay, you're right. That's hurting you. I'm acknowledging that blah blah blah. Like that's the type of stuff I got out of, out taking mushrooms or whatever. Would you try ayahuasca and any of that stuff that's a little further. Yeah, I would in the right circumstances, but I would just do it with my friends.


I don't trust these therapists that all of a sudden, you know, outta nowhere understand it. And what's gonna be the worst thing that's gonna happen in mushrooms is it's gonna become legal. I think so because look what happened to weed Emini here. What is it now? First Of all, putting chocolate over the mushrooms. Well you just, you look, you look at those weed stores, it looks toxic. It just looks like a, a store of chemicals. It doesn't look, it used to just be in a little sandwich bag and hopefully it was green. It was usually brown with seeds and stems and shit. But it was just so, it was weed. That's all it was. And it was just like, you know, you could smoke a lot of it and get, you know, and now they have edibles, they have cream, They have, I love The edibles. They, they have shit like, you know, only take, I would only take like, take like two hits and see what happened.


That happened to me. Take like two hits. See what happened with two smoking that, that happened with me on, on Thanksgiving. We had some friends over and, And I, I missed the red flag 'cause I was like, you know, having a good time. Like, I went to go give one of the women that came over, I went to go give her a gummy. She goes, nah, nah, it's all right. I go, no, it's only 10 milligrams. And she's going like, Emini here, if it, if it's not a hundred, it's not gonna do anything for me. And I should have clicked on that. And I didn't. And then like 20 minutes later I was smoking a joint with her and her brother. And then like, I just was not at Thanksgiving dude. It was like for like three hours. I was You still trust giving women drugs in 2025? Oh man. I would never, I wouldn't even, Well I wasn't trying to bang her.


We, it was like there was a bunch of people there. We Were gonna, we were gonna eat it. Actually, I, no, I just, we know. Yeah, we, everybody was breaking out what they had, you know, it was just like, you know, you want, you, you know, Where The hell did your mind go? We Went, went Thanksgiving dinner. You about Wielding the casting couch. I wanted to ask you something, you know, if You want the, the best cut of the Turkey, there's Ways that, that, that this can happen. Why don't you eat this? What? Can we just examine that like, You still trust giving a woman drugs. It was a Fucking edible 2025 man. He says, Christ, you've heard, we've heard too many stories, you know, five years later.


Yeah. I was at Bill Bird's house and he gave me some drugs and it was just, wait a minute, he came over for Thanksgiving. Yes. I can hear you trying to explain it. And they gonna do exist. I'm just telling you how it'll sound on Twitter or whatever's gonna be existing five years from now. Yeah. It's figuring yourself out. Good for entertainment. Meaning like when you are a Person. A hundred percent. Okay. One of the biggest fucking myths okay, as a comedian is if you get happy, you're not gonna be funny anymore. It, it is, it breathes all new life into you. And it also, you can reexamine all of these topics that you've talked coming from a different perspective, being happy. And then also you can maybe do standup for the crowd instead of yourself.


Wow. 'cause now you're happy. It's like, hey, let me make them happy for an hour. Wow. Like they're that man. You, it makes you more empathetic. You can relate to people. Understand maybe like even if you haven't gone through what they've gone through, you understand that they're going through something. So if they do yell at you, rather than taking it personal, you can come at 'em, you know, from a different angle, which is my favorite thing to do, is to just, just not take it personally and try to figure out where it came from and get them to laugh about themselves to realize that what they yelled at me had nothing to do with me. It had to do with what happened to them on Tuesday, or, or, or I don't know.


Or, or when I don know years ago or something like that. So, so When you look at your old stuff, do you feel like you was just projecting, like you was just projecting your anger or whatever it was you Oh, Emini here. I just, yeah, I was a, I don't know when I, well, I don't watch my old stuff, but if I was to watch it, it would make me cringe or anything. I would just sort of look at it more like, you know, that's where I was, you know, a lot of the stuff that I said about women had really nothing to do with women. It had to do with the fact that I wanted to be married and wanted to have kids. I didn't know how to do it. I was too walled off. So that's like a really heavy thing to try to figure out in your twenties.


So what you do is, rather than, you know, Emini here, I, whatever, I didn't have the maturity to do that. So what I did was I lashed out at what I wanted instead and blamed them, because that's way easier than trying to figure out yourself maybe. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I would probably cringe at some of the shit that I said Because I, I've heard comedians say like, ah, because, you know, I, I go, I'm a big proponent of therapy, but I've heard a lot of comedians say, I'll never go to therapy because, you know, I, I need this trauma. Like, do you? Yeah, well, well get You here. Won't take You there. That's just where they are. That's just where they are. I hope they get to the 'cause. It's just like, all right, so you want to be upset your whole life. You get one life. I don't believe in reincarnation. You get one life.


It's like you could be happy, you could make other people happy, you could help them out. You could do that. Or you could just go around, you know, taking out your childhood on other people, which is what the fuck I was doing. Yeah. So, so do you think about dying? Because you just said Reincarnation. Yeah, but not in a bad way. I don't, I don't believe in an angry God, And I don't believe that he's gonna judge me. It's like, you made me. Yeah. Did I fuck up? Well, that's your mistake, Jesus. Well, I always equate if I built a car and it doesn't start up Emini here, I'm gonna get, get mad at the engine. Yeah. But if you tell a, we put this type of gas in it and somebody puts something else in it and it fucks up. It's not your, it's not the builder's fault.


What? Nevermind. So You gotta take 90 No. Come. No. If You're building a car and you're telling somebody do it this way, and you decide to fuck the car up and put, not Put. Okay. So that, that's the devil analogy. Is that the devil analogy? No, I'm just talking. It's like my thing is Just talking. You just went reverse Henry Hill. I'm just listening. Just listen. I'm just talking. I'm just, just, just wanna hear the sound of my voice. It's, It's soothing to me, Soothing to me to present ideas, just talking. I do understand what you're saying though. 'cause I think about that often that we don't, I don't believe in the, that that devil shit. Yeah. It's like, that's God's creation. You created that, handle that. And There's a lot of things here that causes to make poor choices. God, That God created.


God makes sociopaths. Yeah, he makes, he makes horrible people also. But for some reason with religion, that's not God's responsibility. And then these horrible people do horrible shit to, to kids and stuff, and it messes them up and then they gotta go out in The World and then they start, you know, being toxic or whatever. It's, I, I, I don't, I believe in God, but I don't necessarily believe in a loving God. Explain that. Well then why would he make all these horrible people? People will say, devil got a kingdom, and it devil's work. What's your religious background like? Are you spiritual or are you like religious? The difference is like how you practice or like, are you in church often?


Are you or you just have your own faith journey with whoever you praise? I don't do any of that. Okay. I can hear that. I, I just like, I just try to be a good guy and, And I don't, I don't know. I Emini here. I don't understand, like even if you look at the animal world, okay, like he created all the animals too. The fact that like there's just animals out there. That their whole purpose is to be food, to be eaten alive, like fucking rabbits. It's just like the pathetic, the patheticness of being a rabbit. That means God was thinking about us. Huh? That Means God was thinking about us. Are are his other creatures that need to Eat. Explain bears.


Just like, why would you make something like that? And they have an inability to kill something without starting to eat it first. Like what I like about lions and tigers and shit is they have the decency to kill you before they start eating you. Whereas like a fucking bear just pounces on you and just starts fucking ripping meat outta your back like Leonardo DiCaprio. But that's only if you're in their environment. Like I know, but deer are, why did deer have to go through that death? Why can't it just fucking kill the thing? 'cause deers Are the, those animals food. Like when you ask me to explain Bread, I understand that. But why do they have to have such an agonizing, if there's a loving God, why would he make something that's so fucking stupid?


It has the ability to kill something. It just starts eating it. Emini here first. Do you want a Bible answer for that? Or you or y'all just discuss it? You gotta bible answer for I think, yeah, there is a conversation Around, I think God create. I think God is just being creative. So If you can make a bear, why wouldn't you? The Wedding? I think God is traumatized. And that's why the universe keeps expanding. He just keeps creating. There's something he's dealing with. So You think God is a rapid dog that needs to get put down like a millionaire? No, I don't think that. Geez. That was the, you remember me that, that fucking English guy, that awful head, the hell's his name. I can't remember his name. He, he's, he, yeah, he's always saying shit like that. You're saying you don't like babies? Is that what you're saying?


When we return, CAG doesn't like babies bill bird's like, how did I get here? Talk about my special. And I keep going back to that one. My grandma going, have I joke, but I made on the, It was just a callback bill. It's not that deep. I was just talking. Well, The first time, I'm just talking the first time. No, no, no. The first time is a callback. No, this time is right. You went to three And four. That's an issue. You're making a point. What was I talking ab? Oh, you bears And God bears And God. All right, I wanna hear, I wanna hear you. I'm open to this. So in The Bible, so the way that this, the, this story goes in the Bible is that, and Joe said the beareth shall moth and start eating it.


No. Especially if the deer is eth You the bad gay. Dear Meat, it's sweet. How's it taste? I hate this place. Alright. What, what, What is, what is, what is the, You really wanna know? Yeah, I I it's interests me. I don't have, I don't have any answers. Okay. So I'll listen to any, I was trying to look it up. So it's, it is where it's at in the Bible in Genesis, when God, the sixth day God created animals. They were supposed to be companions for Adam. And they don't talk specifically about bears, but it was supposed to be about, broadly about how man has this relationship with nature and like being able to like the dominion over nature and things that are in this world.


That's what it was originated for. I don, We're not supposed to interact with it. We're supposed to dominate it. Is that what dominion Means? Emini here. Because what happens is, is Adam began naming the animals and things of that nature. That's all. I kind of, is It before Eve? I don't know if this Alright. I'm not trying to be a wise ass. Yes. What did that have to do with bears? 'cause you e Asked me, you asked me why Did God Bears, she's just talking. You asked me why would God create bears if bears go and do those things. And I'm telling you where animals came into play in Genesis. Okay. You're welcome. Thank, Yeah, That was good. Drop dead. You know, I did wanna ask you one thing about comedy before we go. My guy Andrew. So the Old me, I would've engaged in that.


I would've been like, you didn't answer my question. I Just been like, all right. She's still smiling. That's how it, it works. Do you, afterwards I'll talk to you like, what the fuck is that Answer? We're all just talking. Bill Started talking Genesis, I don't go to church. I thought you meant The band comedy, right? My dad, by the way, Phil Collins. Yes. Phil Collins, one of the greatest drummers of all time. For your listeners get get an album. Brand X if you're a music head, well, You know Phil Collins, Huh? But yeah, you know sio, you don't know that shit. Brand X get that album. Unbelievable. He's unbelievable on that album. Well, why, why'd you just shot him up? What made you what call, what made think, what did that have to do with? Because I Playing drums and there's, there's people out there that just don't get the respect that they deserve.


And, and you know what, what happens is whatever business you're in, there's, there's the public Mount Rushmore and then there's the people that do it. Mount Rushmore, the real ones. So whenever people bring up the greatest drummers, like his name doesn't get brought up enough. I, because I was just having this discussion, Bill wasn't talking about drummers. Where did, where did this come from? Talk about bears either. Thank you. Thank you. We're just talking, I was letting you get your drummer off. She brought up Genesis. Oh. Oh. Everybody is not, And I just talking, I'm just, you know. So Phil Collins is on your Mount Rushmore. Yes, a hundred percent.


Who else? It's, it's Mount Rushmore's, only four people. I can't do that. So I would say my greatest of all time. Tony Williams, close second, Alvin Jones, John Bonham. And then there's, oh, this is to Steve Gad, Vinny Cota, Steve Jordan. He's acting like he knows any of them. He knows none of them. I've never heard of none of these people. All of these guys. There's just too many. What about Quest Love? I just said him. Oh, quest. Oh, you got Quest love on your Mount Rushmore? Yeah, because it isn't just like playing drum solos and all of that. It's like, I watched him bunch. Oh, you were naming all drummers just now.


I I was naming the best. Yes. Got you, got you, got you. So like, I saw Quest play at the SNL 50 years of music and the amount of genres and he just seamlessly, you know what Emini here, like there's a lot, like I'm a rock drummer. You know what Emini here, or I'm, I'm this drummer, I'm that country drummer, whatever the hell it is. There's very few people that can kind of speak all of those languages like fluently and it's still happening. And they always talk about how the, the, the band is only as good as the drummer. The drummer sucks. The band's gonna suck. So to watch him play with like Emini here, I lost track that that night. But he played with everybody from like, I think, oh, little Wayne was the actual broadcast, but I think he played with him that night.


Little Wayne de share. It's like if he's sitting in the drum chair, like it's gonna be a great gig. And it's just like, like his encyclopedia knowledge of music. And also, I gotta tell you that edit that he made should have won an award for his, for the 50 years of SNL music where like, you know, DJs, you know, they, they blend one song into another? Yeah, he blended like, like the actual video footage. Like, And I was just sitting, I was talking to my buddy of Mike going like this editor, we were just blown away by going, this is what happens when you get like a master musician DJ in an edit room with like film Emini here. He's just an incredible talent.


So he's one of best. Yeah, I would have him on that. He's Definitely one of the best. And drummers actually used to get laid a lot because remember some they all like get drum. Well, I never made it out my parents' basement, so like, you know. Yeah. And I was also, No, I had orange hair. I was, I was introverted. No, it was, it was a barren wasteland for me for a while. So like comedy was the thing, comedy was the first thing that I did that I felt like I didn't have to look to see what, what are other people doing? Emini here. I had to learn from people, but I just felt like I was something that, oh, this is something that I might have a talent for where like drums, you know, no matter how much I played, I would go to like a music store And I would see some 8-year-old And I could just see he had it.


He was already expressing his ideas on the kit And I was more doing drums rather than playing drums. So, Yeah. Well, I'm glad you find your gift bill and The World is glad you find your gift. Okay. I'm glad you and never no dude, you got a poker face. What You mean Come tell us. That was sarcasm. No, no, No. He's serious. Glad, glad you, it just was a roundabout way for us being here. But you bring people joy with your comedy. You make people laugh for a living and you make people think All, well, hey Emini here, if that's what happens, it does. All I'm trying to do is make you laugh for whatever, an hour. That's all I'm trying to do. Alright, Bill Burley gentlemen. Alright. You said you had one more question. I was what was waiting for? Forgot. I like the drum stuff You said you want billionaires to be put down.


Ladies and gentlemen who think that that would be a controversial take everybody Emini here put down I, I I like compassionate capitalism. If you're a piece of shit person, period. Regardless of what your financial status is, we probably can do without you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. This is my impression of Bill Gates eating an Apple go in his house. Wait a minute, is this one of mine? Bill Bur, ladies and gentlemen, drop dead years out now on Hulu Emini here. You know what? Emini here. He's not gonna eat the food. He is making us eat. I get yeah. Wait, wait. Is this the one I'm giving out to babies or is this for my own orchard?


Oh, is this a Billionaire apple or is this just for the common people? Bill? Ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The Breakfast Club With the best all inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun in sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean vacations has your deal for that plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Ocean by H 10 hotels and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Ever Wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body? You don't have time for guesswork, you need ome. Forget all the generic health fads. Ome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear, it tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, Viome delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? Viome has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to viome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.