
Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal. Say yes to those pink flamingo floaties you've been eyeing online. Get them and make a splash with that cash back. Say yes to the third barbecue in a row this week. Grill up those burgers and earn that extra cheese. Say yes to that last minute road trip. You deserve it. Pay at the pump and fuel up your wallet with PayPal. Say yes to summertime fun and all the cash back that PayPal has to offer. Download the PayPal app. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page needs to pull our family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


Black tag. Green money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and and available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to traffic and where the conditions, towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/iphone for details.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Big motherfucking tank. Tank Is here. Welcome Tink. Good morning. How you feeling? I'm feeling good y'all. I'm Feeling refreshed. Why you dropping Winter's Diaries? Fives in the summer for people to cry to all summer long. They supposed to be outside having a good time. Yes. Yes. My ladies need it. Listen, my ladies need it. You know Winter's diary can drop in the spring. The summer, the winter. You know when it comes. It's just that. It's just that type of music. It can drop anytime. Absolutely. How are you, first of all though?


I'm well Charlamagne. Thank you for asking. Still on the road. Still on the road. Jhene. Aiko. Yes. I'm excited y'all. I'm on tour right now with Jhene ai Aiko the Magic Hour tour and that's been such a vibe, such a blessing to be opening for my favorite artist. Know Jhene is your Favorite artist of course. Okay. Of course r and b girls know Jana is the blueprint, but this is an arena tour. So this is so big for me and my fans. It sell My daughter when she loved it, she went to the Barlay show. Yes. Okay. New York. It was a you co leray and Jana and she said it was just dope. She said it was just like a, a huge women empowerment show. It was just exactly was just a vibe the whole night.


She said she loved it. Yes. I feel like all my ladies, we getting our life every night on tour and we releasing all that toxic energy. Mm. You know we we just feeling the vibes. I need you to break something down for me. You just said Jana Aiko is the blueprint for the r and b ladies. I never heard that. I wanna like break That down for Oh yes. I grew up listening to Jana Aiko back in her like mix tape days. This was before albums on YouTube or albums on Apple Music. Janae paved a lot of the way for a lot of girls. Wow. Yeah. And I feel. Was it a sound or content? What was It? The sound. I also think just the content. You know the way she was approaching her music stuff. She was talking about, her first record was called Wait No More.


That kind of took me over. But yeah, Janelle honestly she does it for the girls. Wow. I didn't know, I didn't know Tink was on the show 'cause I would've called tickets. I Knew she was on the show, but I, I would've called Tink for tickets 'cause I, I needed, my daughter wanted to go And I had to get tickets. And I was like, damn, I don't know anybody on the show, but I wish I knew, knew were doing a big thing, But I heard the show was, I heard the show was amazing. Now we gotta talk about, great. Your new mix tape winner's. Diary five. I Don't even like the call winner. Diary mix tapes. You be like albums. These used be like soundtracks to these young ladies lives. That's a lot of pain in that. Yes. This is the first album of Winter Diary. It started as a mix tape back in 2012. So you can imagine just how long it's been since I've released the Winter Diary. My last one was in 2016, so this is the fifth edition of Win This Diary.


The girls that know me from Treat Me like Somebody days treat Me like somebody that was Win Diary one. The original Authentic days, like I say, mix tape days. I feel like that's where my fan base really grew. So this is very special to my day one. Are you still going through the pain now? 'cause we heard a lot of pain in the what, 15, 16 songs you put out there. Absolutely. And that's what it is. It's a diary also. This album is, is much different than the others. There's a lot of pain, there's a lot of of storytelling and honesty. Things that I don't like to talk about all the time. And that's what makes it special. It's just raw and uncut. But I'm in a much better space. I wanted to wait to drop this album till now till I could really, until you Got in that space.


Exactly. Y'all till I was in that space, had to do some healing. Had to do some, like I say, refreshing of myself. And I feel so much better now that I'm able to drop it in a space where I'm not just angry and upset. It's more so like reflecting And. I'm teaching and I'm trying to tell my girls what to do and not to do and Now to look out for it. A bunch of relationships or just one relationship of, because you said it of course you since 2016. So was it a bunch of messed up relationships? Yeah, I pulled from everything y'all, I, I pulled from old relationships, new relationships, things I'm going through in sitting in at the moment. But this album honestly was, I feel like just me revealing what happened to me in the past year.


So a lot of, a lot of the stories are fresh and that's why it's just, it's, it's just so, it's just so triggering. And, I. Think You know we need that in r and b. I'm not trying to sugarcoat anything. Oh, I put you in the same boat tank as Mary j Blige and Keisha Cole. Sadly. And that's heavy. Thank you Shauna Mae. Sadly you make the best music when you going through something. Sadly. It's crazy. That's crazy. Ain't that crazy Sad that that, that when you hurt you make some powerful music. Absolutely. The best music to me comes from my pain. And I. I appreciate that. That market for me, I think the girls we relate to it You know what I mean? I'm not the artist that's trying to be bubblegum and You know I'm not a pop artist.


I come from Chicago, the streets of Chicago. So my queen In Chicago, G Herbo just called you. Thank You my brother. Yeah. My perspective is different. And that's why this album important. Y'all You know. I know it's Girls in the Trenches that's going through the same things that I've dealt with and every day ain't Sunny. So Winter's Diary is for my real ones. I need to know what the studio session for for songs about you was like, was you in Summer together? Drunk off tequila venting about dude? Like what was that about? You know what I wish, I wish we were, I actually sent her a couple of songs. Summer has a crazy schedule. I love my girl Summer Walker. She's a mom You know what I mean?


She's also a r and b artist working, putting in work. So a lot of times artists we have to send records through the email and we get on the phone and chop it up. So I recorded that record. I had two records. I sent her stressing and songs about you and she really liked songs about you. And like I say, she sent it back. It was a very easy process with Summer. She's a girl's girl so I just appreciate her. A lot of people try to pin us You know, they try to compare us a lot, our music and our styles. So it was really, really dope to come together. So what was the, what was the inspiration for that song? Was it an argument with somebody? Were you mad?


Like did you go straight to the studio? Yeah. Did you let it simmer for a minute? Are you Oh Yeah. It has to simmer. You know the song is really about when you in the club or wherever you are and you, you get in your bag, you, I have a drink and you start thinking about one person. Yeah, that Nigga Uhuh. And it's always You know sometimes it's the toxic one, but it's always one person you call. And that's why that song really hits home. 'cause it's summertime. We outside having our, having our vibes and it's always one person you wanna go home with You. know what I mean? Tell me, what was the the her record about? Like what? I wanna know what, huh? Inspired that record. What? Huh? What did you say to the brothers? Not her. What did you say to the brother that he goes, huh?


How many made you be like, oh say hell no. Huh? Is really triggering for me. That's not funny. I think All my lady, it's funny. It's not, it's not Y'all. It's not funny. You right. Y'all laughing too hard. You Right, too. You right. That wasn't fun. No, but my ladies understand. You know these day and age men are quick to You know. Huh? Huh? What was the huh? What did you ask him where he was or Lemme see your phone. Huh? If. You, you can hear If. you, you can hear If. You, you can hear You know. I like to, I like to be real in my music. That's, that's what does it for me when it's honest. And I was going through a period of time. I was asking questions, what's going on? What we doing? Huh? Where you at with it and huh Huh? Yeah. Playing and Simple is huh?


Damn. So yeah, that, that is home for a lot of women relationships. Y'all. I feel like men You know, it's, it, it's very hard for y'all to be honest out here. So Hun is, is a lot of times the response. Well Here's the thing about Hun, sometime I really might not have heard you. That's a lie. Charlamagne. I'm Just saying that's a lie. You need a second to think about what your answer gonna be. So that Hung gives you that little second, please. Exactly. Envy. That's that's what it is. Well, you just out here snitching. What's up with you? Yo, we Changed black man. Don't cheat. We changed. We supposed to be teaching to you. God damn. We done did that in our twenties. He right. A lot of times y'all thinking about what you wanna say. So Yeah. See, you heard me. You Heard me. So let me ask, so I gotta ask.


So what, when it comes to, to all us, how, what kind of man is Tink looking for? Right? Because you get sexy in here and you tell about, you tell You know what you, what you want a man to do to you sexually. But you also talk about all these toxic relationships. So it seems like you're looking for the toxic. No, never. We running from the toxic this year, y'all. For me, it's, it is really about being honest and true. I think in 2024, men are such liars. Come on now, don't do that. All men are so quick to lie. So gotta I say it, huh? It it didn boiled down to being honest. You know I like man that's securing himself knows what he wants. Isn't afraid to vocalize that in the beginning.


And for me, I'm from Chicago. I like a man that has You know, just a strong demeanor. I love a standup guy and like I say, y'all be honest, a lot of girls just want somebody that's gonna be real to them and not not play with they feelings. I feel like you've been searching for love for a long time Tank. Like, when I think about when Diary won. Wait a minute, wait a minute. It's Frightening. Wait a minute. It feels like the whole series And. I've been working all my life. Okay. I think I need to say that too. It's so hard to find love when you're really passionate in your career. So it may seem like I'm looking for love, but honestly I'm just so grounded in my music. I don't have time to date And I wish I did.


So I just wanna say that like, I'm not looking for anything but a chance. But you are a lover though. I'm a lover, but I'm so focused on making it and succeeding. You know. So a lot of times love just falls to the wayside for me. And people don't know that. Like my music is very, it can be very sappy sometimes, but in real life emotion does not run me. I run my business. I'm a whole thug. Yeah. At times I have to be. Yeah, yeah. You know how this industry can be. It it, I have a, a tough skin on me, so it may seem like that, like I'm yearning for love, but a lot of times y'all, I am so focused on my next bag.


So why is that such a recurring theme then? Just the, the yearning for love throughout the mixtapes and the eyes. I feel like I know what women wanna hear and in the past my music has touched a lot of souls, so I gotta cater to that. You know, I I can't leave my women hanging. My music isn't about flashing money and jewelry and chains. It's, it's about what they need. And, I make sure that I remember that when I'm writing Now with relationships. Is it both of you guys? 'cause it takes two to tango, right? Is it just, are you kind of toxic too? Are you, are you part of the problem? Well, I think in general everybody is capable of being toxic. We have days, but I'm, I'm such a, I'm such a person that gives grace and I'm trying to do the right thing.


I'm a very positive person. I'm peaceful You know what I mean? Like, I love to, I love good vibrations word. So I may have a day. I think we all have our days, we all have a moment. But that is not how I enter a relationship or that's not how I move in general. You know for me, I want peace. Y'all, I've been through so much in this industry and if You know my story, You know I've just been through a lot of hardships. So absolutely not. I want somebody to bring me some peace. I have enough to struggle and deal with in, in life. So I, I like the record insane because it shows the contrast between like physical and emotional detachment after a breakup and, and you say I'm in love with a nigga that won't change.


Can't promise that I'm all 'cause 'cause If, you come, I'm If you come calling, I'm already on my way. And that remind, it's like insanity is doing the same thing over and over. Wow. And expecting different results. Come on. Why did it feel ne, why was it necessary for you to talk about that aspect of it? To me, I was just giving people both perspectives. You know what I mean? Like, like I say, it's a diary. So I had to be honest with myself and a lot of the, a lot of these songs are stories. And there was a point in time where I was stuck to a person. And, I, think a lot of women have been there, especially when we young You know what I mean? We're comfortable. It it, it feels good at the moment and you don't realize until you step back like, oh, oh shit, I was really in something, something I shouldn't have been in.


So that was me reflecting You know what I mean? And, I think honestly that's probably the, the best song that people really love on the album. 'cause it's just honesty. You know. Do you think guys be intentionally trying to fuck women over? Or do you think that, listen, there's guys, I I, I might have the best intentions. I really like this woman, but then You know sometimes I just make irrational decisions. Sorry, you Could say poor choices. Poor choices, poor choices. You know because not like, I'm not trying to break your heart. I think it's a bit of both. I think at a certain age, You know what you're doing. You know at a certain point in your life, You know we not, we not in high school or grammar school. So everything is a choice You know what I mean?


And for me in 2024, it is just a toxic era You know what I'm saying? A lot of it has to do with our influences and what we listening to what we seeing on Instagram and what we think is flat and cool to do. A lot of men You know they'll hurt a woman just because that's that's what they guys is doing or that's real You know what I'm saying? They, they feeding off of what everybody else is on. So it's a choice. It's a choice. I don't think You know. Like I said, guys know what they doing. I agree with that wholeheartedly. 'cause You know, I think that sometimes these dudes treat they homeboys better than they treat they girls. Like the lady that you laying down with every night. Like you'll be more loyal to your dudes. You don't wanna lie to your dudes. You don't wanna do your dude dirty, but you don't got no problem doing that to your woman.


Oh my God, that's crazy. Men know how to be loyal. And that is, that's why I say it's a choice. Men know how to be loyal. They loyal to they members, they loyal to they guys, they loyal to they dog, they barber, You know, understand. Hello, they barber. Hey Barber. Y'all know how to be loyal and y'all know how to stick to one person. So hey, it's a choice. I agree. Do you think it's also hard dating somebody or being with somebody in the industry? Oh yes, because That's, it's, it's a total different, it's not a, it's not an average life. It's, it's more of a difficult life and If you don't understand it. Your insecurities take over. Absolutely. That has a lot to do with it on both sides. It's a lot harder. Like you say, you have to be secure and it's so much temptation in, in this industry.


You know guys, guys that are in the industry, they have a lot to, a lot more to offer. So it's more women and it's more dms and it's more, like I say, distractions and everybody is accessible in the industry. So absolutely it's 10 times harder. But that's why I say I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind dating a, a regular guy. You would date a nice hardwork nine to five brother. I sure would. I sure would. A hardworking, honest man. Okay. Would you date a guy in the industry? Again, I'm not against it, but I'm open to everything. I think, I think the industry, like I said, it plays a part, the industry just plays a part like the distractions.


So I I I would totally date a honest working man. Okay, now let's get to it. Which one of these songs about hit makeup? Is it? Huh? Is it stressing? Is it blessed me? Don't stress Me? Is it lows and highs? Which one is it Hit? Is it hit a Lick? Is it, make it make sense? Which one Charlemagne. Listen, I feel like the entire album is, is could relate to him or to any man You know what I mean? I, I purposely waited to drop this album so that it wasn't 14 songs about one person. But in this situation, You know if You know our history, we went through a lot of turmoil. So there's a bit of him in in a lot of these, a lot of these records.


And he knows that we worked on the album together. How Was that? And that process was different for me. It took a lot of maturity for me to get in that booth and for us to come to agreement on these songs. We had hard days where he had to walk out and, and that's just what it is. I couldn't, I couldn't You know. Did y have to have a conversation before? Because I mean, y'all were together. It, like you said, it was a toxic at times. But y'all make great music with each other. Most people would've been like, f that I ain't working with him. You You know. Most women probably would've been like, I can't see him again. Facts. But y'all were able to, how was that conversation and who put that together where y'all said, You know what, let's squash this out and do this together.


Yeah, I had to take, take the emotion out of it. And we were already in a, in a contract. So there were obligations. And that's what I think The World doesn't know. You know. We already had ties and things were already in motion. So like I say, it took a lot of maturity to say, Hey, I'm gonna go in this booth. I'm gonna do my, I'm gonna do my best today You. know what I'm saying? Whatever I can give. If it's 10%, 20%, that's the best I can give. And You know that, that's also why it did take some time. 'cause I needed time away to get my mind together. I, I can't look at you today. I can't You know, I can't be around you listening to what you wanna say right now.


So I give God a lot of credit, yo. Like, it took a lot for me to put this album Out. When did that happen? When did you make that call to be like, look, let's put the bullshit to the side and f you F me, let's just make this album. How did that happen? And what was that call like? Did he call you? Did you call him? Was it management? Was it the label? Yeah, he actually reached out to me and it took for us to sit down and really have a, just a long conversation. I'm talking hours of talking and it took maturity. You know, like most people would've threw the towel. I can't, I'm not speaking to you again, but I had to think about my career. I had to think about, like I say, I was in a contract already, so I had to put on, put on my, my poker face and get in the field and You know, do what wasn't popular at the time.


It, it, it wasn't cool to say, Hey, I'm, I'm going in the studio with Hitmaka today. So You know, I took a lot of, I took a lot of, I had a lot of people dropping opinions in my ear. And I had to kind of just tunnel vision it and focus on the end goal. I want my album out. I wanna have a, an album that feels elevated. And for that reason I went ahead and we worked. Did You say to yourself, is it true that, is it true that he asked you for $2 million because he was,


what does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Would they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto, it's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


During the summertime when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends and family or on your couch with that AC blasting at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected. Whether you're at home or on the go, you can stay connected to your loved ones and to your favorite things. Whether you're sharing picks from the best rooftops video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or streaming your favorite show episode after episode after episode. Connect at home or on the move with at T 5G and home internet and create memories and more. All summer long at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


You was mad that you wanted to go do a project independently. Well, I will say that we, we did have a contract in place. The details of the contract are really personal and that's, that's why I was at fault at You know sometimes it's best to just lay low about details and things like that. But Hitmaker was paid And I think that's fair to say. He knows it. And that's the reason I went forward because if I'm putting my money and I'm investing into something, I need all of mine in return. I was, I was gonna ask how was doing the album? 'cause you got a lot of sexual songs, right? Oh yeah. And there's a lot of songs that very intimate, very sexy gives you, put you in that room diary.


Did y'all get to a point where, my know it rekindled anything after going through all that at All? No, I haven't been in that space with Hitmaker for a long time. And that's the, that's the gag that everybody doesn't know. Like I've been so focused on the music, I don't have time to really even entertain him or, or vice versa. You know. I think it's best that we keep things business and the pleasure is what I think made things go left because There's always that I want that old thing back on both sides. Absolutely. But I had to learn. That was a learning lesson. And I. Think for me that's the biggest gift. Like every album every year I'm getting smarter. That's right. Like, hey, I know my next venture.


I know what to look out for. I know when to say no or I know when to hold back. So I needed to go through that You know. I want other women to watch me and, and, and learn from my mistakes. You know I'm, I'm here to be a lesson and a blessing. So I don't have any regrets. What, what happened happened. I'm, I'm stronger, I'm smarter. I feel like now I know just how to play. Would you put your, your next relationship on the Gram? Like, like this one was absolutely not because you guys, I mean, No thank you. Y'all Would just please take t say something, say, say something. Return. It was When you get this nice UPS guy, right? When you Yep. When you get, you're not gonna put that on the ground. Not at all. I'm gonna post his arm.


I'm post, I'm gonna post his the back of his head. Or You know. I think privacy is so good. Privacy helps so much y'all. When The World knows it's, it's, it's a extra weight. So to my ladies, y'all please save it for you. Keep it, keep it private. It's, it's, it's so much peace and privacy. So when you said on Instagram that you were fighting so hard to release this album, was that the fight, was that the only issue? Absolutely. Wow. Just the, just the battle with, with You know people on the outside You know what I'm saying? Giving me their advice. And you shouldn't be working with him or You know what I'm saying? Just scrap the album. Start over. I had a lot of dark thoughts about the album that sometimes I had to You know.


I second guessed it and, Hey y'all, should we just go another route? Or You know. That's what I mean when I say I had to fight. I had to push through those You know those moments where you're, you're not sure. And like I say, I really had to stand tall and just be strong and confident. Even though The World You know might have had a different feeling at the time. I had to push through that. What Was the most, I don't wanna say embarrassing, but what was the thing that came out that you weren't most proud of? I remember they, they said you put hands on him. Of course. That honestly was the peak for me. If anybody knows me, y'all know I'm not even the internet type of person. I I go live maybe twice a year. So to be live doing that, it it, it did strike a a nerve in me.


'cause who I am as a person is so much better than that. And I'm very private. So it came as a shock. But I'm a real woman. And, I want people to know that life is full of ups and downs. Lows and highs. Lows and highs. Thank you Charlemagne. Thank you. That was perfect. But yeah, life is full of lows and highs. And I think it gave people just a insight of You know my reality. I'm not just a perfect person. I never wanna come across like I'm perfect. So I don't regret it. But that was like a peak moment that I look back. And, I say, I'm gonna learn from that and do better.


Last question about that, I just before you move on, that the la the, the time when y'all, I think y'all were out the country and ran into each other. Were y'all recording at that time? Or y'all were just, just happened to just, it just, y'all were out the country just happened to see each other just like happenstance? No, we just happened to see each other. I was there for my, my friend's birthday, so I had no idea he was in the same country as me. We had no clue. And we, it was just ironic. Did you look at that for a moment and be like, damn, this is divine. Maybe it's meant to be for a second, for a split second. I mean, I guess so. I mean I, it it had to happen for me to learn. So maybe God was trying to pivot me.


So like I say, it might have been divine timing so that I could see what was really happening in these streets. Were y'all still talking at that time? Were y'all still trying to work it out and he just happened with another girl. She enough? Yeah, enough. I can see her visibly upset. Yeah, it's triggering. Y'all like, yes, I can see you. I see you Hands. I love hard. I love hard. And people You know when you, when you're really invested in somebody, you expect them to love the way that you love them. So it's, it's a triggering situation and I'm just glad that I'm in this space now. Like I say, y'all, I've grown so much. It's, it's really, I wanna put it behind me. And it's sad. Like when you attach yourself to somebody, everything comes back up.


Every every interview is gonna be a question. So I'm trying to move forward in the most peaceful way. I really do wish him the best. I hope he is You know. I hope he's well and I'm moving forward. When you, when you talk about the song Lows and Highs, have you healed from the things you, you say in that record? 'cause you say, still up on my grind, can't get caught up in no feelings trying to move forward. But my heart's still healing for real. But you've been getting colder by the days. Pop a 30 foot of pain. Are you outta that space? I think anybody that goes through something traumatic, you can be out of a space, but there's moments where you'll have your days. So I'm, I'm healed, but hey You know tomorrow something.


I might read something or I might see something that triggers me. I am so human, y'all. I I don't have a a filter on me. So I'm still healing. I'm in the process. What put tanks in a, in a happy space? What, what makes you happy? What what makes you calm and relaxed and You? know what makes me happy. Seeing my fans and actually touching my fans when I'm on the road, I'm the most calmest, nicest. It, it gives me so much joy. Y'all like, when people relate to your music, come up to you and say thank you. I needed that song. It makes everything worth it. And also just seeing my music elevate y'all. This is my first time hitting number one. Congratulations You.


know what I mean? That that takes a lot for me. I'm an independent artist. I don't have a crazy back and forth behind me. Everything is done with my team. And that means the most to me when you kinda see your work being paid off. 'cause we work hard as women. We work so hard. And I, I don't wanna say harder than guys, but I'm gonna say it. We work 10 times harder than the guys. Just for a little piece of respect. So when you see your work being paid off, it is the ultimate, the ultimate You know joy. I also think people don't realize how successful you are. Like you a gold artist, you got gold plaques ain't shining me. You, you write for mad people. Like thank you.


Like you on tour, you just got a number one. Like you got a very successful career. Tink, thank You. No, I'm so blessed. Y'all Platinum. Oh yeah, you got platinum plaques too. Yeah. Thank you. I'm so blessed. And it, it is just because I'm not super, super flashy or I'm not on the gram trying to put it in they face every day. Yeah. I'm blessed. And I want, I want people to know, like it's cool to be humble. Everybody don't need to know You know what I'm saying? Your your bank account. Like, I like to appeal to the trenches. And for me, You know I wanna be relatable forever. I don't want nobody to think like, I ain't on your level. I I'm with you You. know what I'm saying? So I'm humble with it.


I wonder how that works for you though, in this era because we are in an era where everybody cares about everything except for the music. Even though you're super successful just because of your music, they do want you to be live. They do want you to be posting pics. Like That's the gift and a curse for me. I'm not distracted by that. Like y'all, I get my joy from, from other other things. Instagram does not run my life. And honestly, putting your business out on Instagram every day isn't even smart anymore. People are pocket watchers. They're envious, they're haters. You have a lot of people that will try to come around you for the wrong reasons. And I want everything genuine. So I don't, I don't mind playing You know, playing the humble route.


It's working for me. Like I say, I'm blessed and that's what it is. You know. I don't need approval from nobody. Do you feel like people don't see the work that you put in or look past you? Right? Because the way you came in the game, you came in so strong, right? Yeah. And it was like, I mean you you done did damn near everything. You done work with every artist you wanted to work with. You probably done wr rooting for every artist you, you platinum, your, your your gold. You, you, you are on tour sold out arenas by the way. And this is, and and when we say sold out this, say we just put the tarp on a third, on a third level, I mean sold out. Sold out. Yes. So do you feel like people look past you at times? I do. I do. I won't lie and be like, no, I feel like I'm, I'm getting all my just do, there are a lot of days where I want to be included in the conversation.


And for me that is what keeps me working. Like I'm not satisfied yet. I'm not throwing in a towel yet. I still got work to do. But in the last few years, y'all honestly I feel like the attention is there. My audience is growing. The, the flowers are being given. So I don't mind taking the stairs You. know what I'm saying? The hard work is, is giving me so much discipline. So when, when you do see me getting that Grammy or getting that award, you'll know it's really hard work. Nobody paid nobody to do this You know what I mean? Nobody spoon fed me this. I really worked my ass off to to make it here.


So I don't mind that a lot of people come up and it's just as quick as they come up. That's right. You know. They they they can come down. That's right. So I'm not mad at my process. Every artist is different. You know I'm a motivation for the girls just like me that ain't running around trying to make it in one day. You know. Like, let's persevere y'all. Let's put the work in. I don't mind. That's why I was tripping when you said that about Jhene. Aiko. 'cause I never salute to Jhene Aiko. I just never heard anybody say that. But I know a generation of girls who look at you like that. Like you see all of these girls, they be like Tank that deal, tank that deal. And and it's not even just You know fans. It's, it's actual stars.


Like I see seen scissors say that. I've seen Cardi say that. Like I've seen a bunch of people just give it up to you. So much love. But Janae was that for me early in the early in the game when Janae was You know first dropping music. It's not like she was just everywhere on every radio station, but her music resonated. So that's how I feel about my music's. It's not about a look an image. It's, it's, it's about what touches you and reaches you. So that's why she's to me like the blueprint for me because she never had to sell her soul. She never had to You know step outta her boundaries to get to where she at. So yeah, Janae, she holds the flag for me.


You think comparison? It's because all I think about, I mean I love Janae but the, one of the biggest lines is gotta eat the booty like groceries. That's all You know. You know. So it's kinda like she made that like ass eat and go up big in the community. She did You. know what I mean? Look that Influence and that's what it's about. Y'all influence Jesus Christ. It can come in different ways. Word. Do you feel like the comparisons help her? Right. Because I think a lot of times we compare, compare artists. And I think it hurts them. Like, 'cause you, I remember when you first came out, they were like, she's the next Lau hill. Oh yeah, but she's the female Jay-Z. And it was like why do we put those comparisons Tin ist And she's dope. Absolutely You know. It was too early first of all to even say something like that. I think it was a statement about Aaliyah And I say Lauren.


Yep. And when you have a lot of work to do, You know people are gonna jump on that. Attack that. So let, let, let an artist be an artist. Everybody is different. I'm trying to be who God made me to be. Although I do take, I do get influence from them. I am certainly not the next aaliya. I am, I am tin. So yeah, that can, that can definitely You know, hurt a person's growth. 'cause people are then compare their stats and their numbers and then it's like, okay, well she ain't making no progress. But in reality, you, you doing it on your own terms. I agree. But more, more, more importantly it's the feeling, right? Like yeah. If somebody says she's the next Laury Hill or she, she's like, Aaliyah, we know how we felt.


Yes. When we heard those records. Right? So it's like now I'm looking for that feeling. So the music might be good, but if it don't gimme that feeling, I'm gonna feel let down. But it can never give you that feeling. 'cause you was at a whole different time in your life when you was on. Exactly. Lauren, that's it. When you was on Aaliyah, this ist right now. That's Right. That's it. Why do you, why do you keep the pencil writing in it? Is that like your, that's like your Lil Wayne lighter flick. I love that. Yeah, it actually is. It's like the, the brand for when Diary, my first mixtape, I came in with the pencil. So You know as soon as you hear a pencil You know it's about to, it's about to get Real Pretty Girls. That feels like an affirmation song. Encouraging women to just prioritize, prioritize themselves in self-love over toxic relationships.


Is That right? Absolutely. That's why it's the last song I wanted to leave my girls with a uplifting message. You know after all the toxicity in the album, it's like, never forget who you are and don't settle for less and You. know what I mean? If a man doesn't see your worth, he gotta he gotta go And I feel like that song resonates because as black women, we wanna be told we pretty and we wanna hear that we worth You know we Worth something. So yes. Pretty girls. Pretty girls. We don't settle. We don't slip, we don't trip. And you, you don't, you don't, you don't get on social a lot, but you clearly pay attention. 'cause you got a lot of TikTok, TikTok tiktoks on the album.


Yes, Yes. You sample a lot of Absolutely. I know the era we in social media is running The World right now. So I made sure to include some, some voice notes that I felt were impactful. But absolutely, I, I think TikTok, however I can reach you. I'm gonna reach you if I gotta go the TikTok route. If I have to You know if I have to come see you on tour in person You know however I can reach my girls, I'm gonna get there. And and you asked on Instagram, you asked people which winner winner's diary was their favorite. Yes. So people, we gotta ask you, which one is your favorite? Which one resonates with you the Most? Oh, y'all The five. The number five. I feel like this is such progression. You know my early mixtapes, I was in the basement, audio was clipped.


It was a lot of static. I think this album is so polished and it's, it's so raw. You know, I tried to make sure that I made a album about all my phases You know what I'm saying? The the, the, the downs. There's the highs, there's the record player for my girls that like to get wild. It's such a You know, just a well cultivated album. I I touched on everything in this one. So that's why it's gonna be my favorite. Is this the last one? Never. Oh you want, okay. I feel like I still have more to say. You know they really been pressing me for a deluxe. So I got some more work to do, but it's never done for me. My story will never be done. I'm gonna take this to the grave.


Y'all like, I'm one of those artists. I feel like I'm, I'm, I got so much more in me, I'm just now touching that surface. So I'm excited y'all. This is not my last Winter Dirie. So If you find love, which you will Thank. Absolutely. Would, will the pin change, will those songs be about, would, will they be like the greatest love songs we ever heard? Yeah, the pencil is still gonna be there. Okay. But I love to make love songs. My earlier winter diaries, there was so many love songs. H2O I like that'll always be so yes. They, they on the way. I just need some motivation. So somebody put me in that, put me in that field, put me in that You know that space.


Do you ever feel pressure? 'cause I, I ask guys this all the time. Like when guys make all these love making records and they talk all this shit about what they going to do and they getting the band that when you writing Grip Titan and H2O and all that, are you do, do you feel the pressure to live up to that? Mm, I don't feel any pressure but I will say You know it's definitely, it, it gives people like something to look forward to You know. 'cause there are some, some songs on there that are Freaky Nicky. Freaky Dicky. So I think it just, it excites You know whoever I'm with, not pressure for me, but I guess pressure for them to live up when I'm on. How Often, how often has the pressure busted the pipe? Fast Crying.


Look at the mean Charlemagne. What the hell was that? That's too early Tink new Mix tape winner. Diary five is out right now. What song you want to hear Tink Right now? I wanna hear my new single songs about you featuring, featuring Summer Walker. We'll get that on And I think we should get her on too. Who? Huh? Oh Yeah. Huh? Oh her is Fire. Her is Fire. Let's Get Her Is Fire. Much much love to t always man. You know Tink, I'm a fan for a long, long, long, long time. Absolutely. I must say Charlamagne has always been as much shit. People talk about Charlamagne. He is a good brother to me. Thank you And. I really wanna commend you for always checking in on me outside of radio music.


I just appreciate that it's not a lot of people in the industry that You know on a personal level care. So I appreciate you Charlamagne. Thank you. Tink. Yes. Alright, Well it's The Breakfast Club t Thank you so much. Thank Y'all. I love y'all. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast, Club


Black Tech. Green Money Isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mitre.org/ Careers@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and SIIC, not a bank, not investment advice.


During the summer when the weather gets hot, I could only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your caps. With the AC blasting at T 5G and Home internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at t 5G. At home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Are you looking to build this year? If so, there is no better time than right now to start planning and to get your spot on the construction schedule. If, you need a garage, a stall barn, a storage for vehicles, RV boat collectibles, or even a, a shop for your farm hobbies or car restoration projects. Visit morton buildings.com and start your construction process with superior materials craftsmanship. Best in class warranty. Morton Buildings are made to last for generations at Morton. The difference is in the details from their cutting edge innovations to their craftsmen in the field, they're dedicated to surpassing expectations. Their legacy of excellence spans more than 120 years. And Morton Buildings is 100% employee owned with more than a quarter million satisfied customers. That means they're the industry leader you can trust. When you choose Morton, you'll experience quality at every step of the building process starting before the walls even go up. Visit morton buildings.com to get started today.