
Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions


Here at Life Kit N PR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out. Lauren LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building. We got the good brother Derrick Lewis Lewis, welcome brother. Good morning my brothers. How y'all doing? How man? How you doing? How you doing now? Good. I'm doing great. Excellent. Excellent man. Now for people that don't know who Derrick Lewis is, besides going to the greatest university and college in The World, oh which One is that? Do State? Definitely not Delaware State. Oh, okay. Hampton University relate you, We apologize. Break down who Derrick Lewis is. Derrick Lewis is inspirational leader. Grew up in chocolate city back in the sixties and seventies.


Single parent Familyhood lifestyle decided I wanted to be something different. I wanna dream big for myself despite the circumstances I was under in the chocolate city back at that time. And was inspired by getting a great education, inspired by joining a big company. Inspired by putting that work in to become who I wanted to be, my best version of myself to lead others, be not only a go-getter but also a Go-Giver and strive for excellence. And I was able to do that over a 35 year career at Pepsi. Since then, I've retired now And I keep doing my work. I'm obviously releasing a book that launches tomorrow. Thank you for the opportunity to talk about that today. And also I'm launching cheese steak restaurants in Orlando. Big Dave's cheese steaks.


So you know Brother Derrick Hayes. I love him. Who owns those? Yeah, I love him too. So i's his first franchisee. I'm bringing 10 units to Central Florida. I've already opened up four locations, two in the Kia Center and two in Canberra Road Stadium. We're off and running. I got two brick and mortars that open up at end of March, beginning of April. And the sky's the limit. I'm also obviously serving on boards. I'm back in my alma mater serving as a trustee and putting in the work there. More nonprofit boards, doing the family thing. So life has been great, but I'm also may able still contribute in the ways that satisfy me and my family. Well Let's go back a little bit the way you got your job at Pepsi. Break that down and explain that a little bit. How you got that job and and how you grew from, you know, starting off there to damn near run, running, what you did at Pepsi.


Well Look, it was back in the late eighties. Job market was pretty good. You know, I was interviewing my second semester. Interesting enough, I had Pepsi had come down, I interviewed, I stayed up late the night before kind of partying. It came to career Fair. It came to career fair And I failed the interview. I basically got a rejection letter, I wanna say a week or so later in the mail. I was one of the most disappointing days of my life. Why did they decide not to go with you at the time? Well, I think I was, I was not my best in interview. And I think for people that having a lesson, when you go in for an interview, you need to be at your best. And I was out my best. I took it for granted. I took it though I can stay up all night and party and not do all the research and just not be buttoned up, you know. And so I went in probably at a, you know, one to 10. Probably went in at five or six. And guess what? That's just not good enough. Not gonna be good enough for anybody, much less, even a Pepsi.


So I sort of retooled. They were coming back down. A different sort of area was coming down from Baltimore. I hunkered down, very disciplined, studied my butt off that night, made sure I was as sharp as I could be. Went in and nailed that interview. Got subsequent followup interviews and got the job offer the start in Baltimore, Maryland. Three weeks outta college. I was a management trainee. Got out the car going into my first day of the office and prayed to God and said, God, I'd like for this to be the first day of my next 40 years. 'cause at the time you're think you'll retire when you're 62, mid sixties, whatever. And I prayed in that parking lot. I got on my maximum. I knew maximum. I bought my, my advance and you know, the rest was history. And the day I felt the first day I felt like I belonged there.


I felt like this was the place for me. I learned a lot, I stumbled a lot. But also if you look, read the book, you'll learn how being a pacesetter mattered in that company. And showing early on that I'm willing to be a pacesetter. I have the courage to be a pacesetter. I'm not worried about circumstances surrounding me. I'm going after it. That was a catalyst for me to really embrace the growth that came along the way throughout the entire journey. And you said you want, you said you set a prayer to God to be there for the next 40 years. Were you there for 40? You weren't there for 40 years. I was at 35. 35. Wow. I was supposed to, so, so what made you find, what made you say, you know what, let me forego these last five. Like what pivoted? Like what was the Well Emini here I was at that point, 55 was the normal number. A lot of the guys I came in with, the campus program was really strong, robust at the company throughout the eighties and early nineties.


It was a really strong program in the company. So a lot of us that were there, my peers, 55 was the number because the grind of the business, this is a very intense business. Hyper competitive, you know, going against our primary competitors and other competitors. And so there is some wear and tear. We traveled a lot, we moved eight times. It gets to a point where you have a next chapter. I've read the book Strength The Strength by Arthur Brooks. And it opened my eyes to say there is life beyond the 35 years of the years, the time you spend at Pepsi. And so I wanted to always be an entrepreneur. I was talked about my book being an entrepreneur when I was a kid, selling Dorito chips to school, selling jolly ranches and gum, right? As a side hustle, right? I needed to do that 'cause I needed to put money in my pocket, right? And so I always had this itch to be an entrepreneur.


The authorship piece just came from me. Retirement and kids and colleagues asking me, you can't leave without, you know, sir, are you gonna bottle this up and take it away? You have to leave us with some, with some insight. You have to leave us with perspective on your journey. And so that's when I considered doing the book was really the January of 2023 and got with a ghost writer in pay two publishing company. And the rest is history. And here I am today. What was Your title at at at Pepsi right before you Left the last title? I was president of PepsiCo Multicultural North America. So for an entire corporation. And I wanted to ask Basically DEI before DEI, It wasn't DEI, so I wanna clarify the D And I thing. It was D And I had its own department. I was all about focusing on consumer culture and community. And so I was primarily throughout my career, I was an operating executive.


So I ran the p and l, I had billions of dollars of responsibility. At one point I was running North America. And then we did a restructure And I went, I assumed the south, the south responsibility as president. And then at the tail end of that run, which is about three years, we delivered fantastic results. And we developed such a good playbook at the time 'cause Covid was involved and George Floyd's situation evolved and we had developed such a good model on, you know, culture, community and company, that the company asked me to step in and create this big role for the entire corporation using the best practice that we develop in sort of the Southern United States and be able to start to implement that. So that was the last role that I had had in company, primarily throughout my career. I was operat, I was all putting in sales and driving profit, driving market share.


It was getting after it in the trenches each and every single day. You were one of the first people you know, corporate wise, right? I, I graduated from Hampton a long time ago. So I would go to all these different homecomings. But you were probably one of the first to bring huge corporations to all the HBCUs, right? Not just the big ones. 'cause you know, it's easy to, just to go to the big ones where North Carolina a and t, which is the biggest university as far as students are, are you know, concerned or, or a MU which is a big university. Why was it so important to you to do, do that HBCU run and to show up at those HBCU schools when other corporations weren't but they started following after you did? Absolutely. It's all about legacy, right? And so my HBCU experience at Hampton was absolutely fascinating. Incredible. And so to be able to take that experience, build that, you know, sort of legacy, not only through the corporate side, investing in not only just events activation on campus, but also recruitment.


I recruited heavily on HBCU campuses. I, I pushed hard to have recruitment centers go down to these schools. Not just in call it Mid-Atlantic area but also down throughout the southwest. I was responsible for setting up the swac partnership that we still enjoy today. That has been now a long-term partnership and agreement based on the schools that are in Swac. Great schools, great campuses. Certainly the activation mainly revolves around sports. But I took that and extended that to recruitment and also community effort, right? And so me, it's a whole sort of end to end proposition, not just about the parties and social side, it's also about jobs, it's also about what we're doing in the community. It's also about setting up legacy for the future. When you, in the opening of your book, you talk about going through like all of the pandemic and the riots that happened after George Floyd and ah, Maud Arbery and you realizing like, I'm not an activist but I do wanna do something 'cause I know what it's like to not know what's gonna happen tomorrow.


When did you get to a point in your career where you felt empowered to be like, my activism is in the boardroom and this is what I'm going to do. Because being like a only or like one of few in a big corporation like a Pepsi, it's not easy to be like, you know what, y'all listening to me, this is what we need to do, this is how we should get back. This is how we should help. That's a Great question. I think mid-career I felt that responsibility now because I was starting to really move up in the organization and there weren't many people at the top. And so a lot of the younger associates looked for me for guidance direction. And so I just started creating networks across, I moved around a lot. So, you know, when I ended up in the west coast, I would, we would be at a national meeting and it would not be uncommon for me to call all the black associates to a, a hospitality event at the end of the night.


And we would have like a hundred people in the suite. I'd just go run up, go rent a suite, go and get everybody together and just talk to them about their journey, what's going on, how I see the future of the company. I'm a historian of the culture at Pepsi. Going back to the forties, I had a relationship with Al Keller Junior. He was the first person hired in Corporate America as an intern in 1942 along with Jeanette Mound. She went to Hampton, he went to South Carolina State. So first two interns in Corporate America. I had a relationship with him up until he passed away in 2018. I spoke at his homegrown service, which I was very honored to do. A lot of his family did even know the impact he had. Not only just the company, but in Corporate America. And so you gotta think for generation after generation, the legacy of of impact and evolution of the movement.


From the forties of the fifties to the civil rights era, you started seeing more and more investment in advertising for the company did leaning in heavily wasn't all received well. 'cause it was a lot of tension back then. And you get to the eighties and you saw the Michael Jackson endorsement, that was obviously a big breakthrough for pop culture. And the company really sang entertainment, music matters. Us you know, the African American cohort is a priority cohort. You got to the nineties, they elevated in the hip hop. It started transforming then. Then you get to 22,000, 2010. It became a core principle inside the company that it flowed through all the businesses. So anybody, any functional leader or any leader around The World basically had to embrace diversity as a core priority and principle. Then you got to 2020, I was right in the middle of all that because I was the top, you know, executive at the time to really sort of lead that and guide that, ensuring that one, I'm looking after the company, I'm also looking after the associates, I'm also looking after the community, right?


And that takes a hell of a lot of courage because at the only time I'm worried, I have my own concerns in my own life about what's happening. But the time when someone leadership is needed, it was time for me to step in and step up. And I did that. I did it honorably and gracefully, humbly. And I was excited to do that. I was excited. The company gave me the platform to do that. And I think it turned out very, very well for everybody. Question did, did, did Michael Jackson, I guess you would call it a controversy when he got his head set on fire, like from the commercial, did that hurt or help Pepsi? I don't know if it did one or the other. It brought certainly brought a lot of attention. You know, it brought a lot of attention and sometimes, you know, when you get attention that's, that's really what matters. But I can think about all the iconic commercials and media that he did. When I think about, you know, choice of new generation Pepsi generation, I, I think about him a lot with that.


And so that's what resonates for me. That incident. While it does get talked about, I don't think certainly overshadow the, the the, the brilliance and sort of the scale of his awareness and what he brought to the company and to one of obviously our biggest brand at the time. The reason I Ask is random as hell. That's why when you brought up, I was like, damn, me and my guy glasses from Malone. We were having this discussion, we were having it in a group chat, my guy Silas, DJ Head, all of us. We were talking about Michael Jackson and DJ Head was Emini here, not head Glasses was saying how after that commercial, after his head caught on fire and everything, that's when Thriller really started to take off. And that's true, right? So I wonder if it was the, the, the Pepsi campaign or was it that controversy?


Like what was it? I know it helped Michael, I just wonder how did It, I think it was all the above Emini here. Obviously he got a ride, we got a ride for it because we were one of the first ones to really get behind pop star of that magnitude, right? We signaled that that's our thing. Again, he was black and you know, all the other cultural things that went around that surrounded that we started to become beneficial to the company as well. So there was just a series of statements made in the evolution going back to the forties, that's deep, that's rich history that I felt like I had to carry that on. So to answer your question, I felt from guys like Alan, hey, the Torch guy handed you, it's your time now to step up like he did and others did back in the forties. I wanted to go back to the D-U-I-D-E-I conversation Charlamagne mentioned with companies taking DEI off the table.


How will that affect a company like Pepsi? How would that affect those big companies? Since you've been there and, and you've seen whether they hired African Americans or minorities. Yeah. How does that affect that and do you think it's a good idea? I Think they'll be fine because again, they're going back to the history. The history is so strong and the torch passing from CEO to CEO has been really strong and solid. So it's like running this relay race that that never stops, right? So I feel like they'll be in good shape. I think for what I'm seeing now, it's, it's not, obviously it's unfortunate, but at the same time as I talk about my book a lot, it's an opportunity, right? So while there're, you know, looks appear to be a setback, it's, there's times for now, leaders, companies, cultures to step up to the plate. I do think it's weak that when you know there's bandwagoning and this student body, student body, left student body, right?


I think all the knee jerk reactions I think is not good. It's not healthy. I think it's not the ideal leadership you need now in this era of time. So I do think that that, you know, while companies are pulling back, they've in my mind haven't articulated what they're doing with that, right? So yes, I agree that that d And I EI playbook needs to have evolved. I think it was dated. I think the circumstances in the sixties, seventies are very different than the circumstances. Now back then we obviously had, you know, extreme tension, unlawful things happening. Ex social norms were, were accelerating very rapidly and different. We're in a different era now. Not that those things don't, still don't exist, but not certainly at the intensity level they did back in the 1670s. So this agenda should have evolved from where it is. It's, it's a 60-year-old playbook.


This playbook needs to be more comprehensive. So it needs to account for the greater good because that's how The World is moving now. It needs to be more collaborative. People need to work together more. Yes, okay. Yes. So comprehensive collabor, it needs to be compassionate. You need to have an agenda where you are, it you, it's about people. And so even this case where you're telling a cohort that we're deemphasizing something deprioritizing, you haven't necessarily come back with something that you're doing to, to offset that. Something, again, that revolves greater good more collaboration, sort of more sensitivity around things are going on. That's how you treat people and right. So my, that lack of sort of compassion that is being shown in the, we're cutting it and we're not talking about really anything else. I think it's just not good. So I think this is a time for leadership to step up to the plate.


It's not hard to write this new plate, but by the way, it should have been written a long time ago. And least my like myself could have done it. I saw, I could almost feel in 2020 what was happening. It was a more of a in your face moment, everybody was gonna get on board because no one wanted to be left behind or deal with the rash of being sort of on the outside looking in. And then obviously what happens is time moves on, things move on. There really, really weren't any, call it scorecard metrics or calibration against what you said and what you were gonna go do to now can anybody go back and even remember what people said back in 2020? Right? So there was always a question around sustainability of that effort. I Can remember, I can remember them pledging all that money to them corporations and not delivering, right? Yeah, right.


There was a lot of money, a lot of checks written. Yeah, yeah. Ton, ton of checks written. But where are we today? And a lot of pledges but no checks written. Exactly. Exactly, exactly. You had that, you had that happen too, right? And so you had people, you know, in a quiet way, resisting or just reacting instead of really reimagining what the new playbook be. So if we actually took the time to reimagine the old d And I to something more modern that focused again on being more comprehensive, certainly being more collaborative and being more compassionate, we can get there. That's not hard to do, by the way. I like that. It's not hard also to execute that plan. What's hard is getting everybody on board. But you know, I I always say that the problem I have with corporate DEI, it, it didn't feel for us by us.


Like it should have been more, it should have been black people, right? Telling these corporations, right, what is needed, right? Not these corporations saying, okay, here, this is what we gonna do. Well That's the difference with a a Pepsi is that we were always at the table, you know, throughout the history of time, whether it was a black sales force back in the, back in the forties or up until modern era, I was at the table when these programs were being developed and had a point view and have perspective. And I give all the cities credit to all the CEOs who listened, who adapted, who empowered the executives take charge. And I would do the same thing. I would ask the employees, instead of putting your head down with all this, now you're empowered to do something about it. I believe in the structure of ERGs and employee resource groups. And I believe you have to have places to be safe where you're, if you feel isolated in the company, no matter where you come from, you have to have a place to go and should go.


And so those things should structurally stay in place, but it's up also incumbent upon those groups to lead a new agenda for the future. Not keep looking up going, where are we going? Where are we going? Guess up. You're looking up. There's nobody, there's nobody looks like you up at the top. Right? Okay, think about it, CEOs right now, 14 500, less than 2%. So how much progress is that really from the 1960s? And now we have 2% less than 2% of people running the top 500 companies in The World. There are qualified people out there. There's no doubt about it. I'm one of those qualified people that can run a Fortune 500 company. So I'm not trying to do that now, but I'm out here and there's hundreds if not thousands of people like me that are qualified, but they're not getting the opportunities. So in some, some regard, you can look at, did the DEI structure actually hurt progress from people elevating because of this perceived, you're getting a express card, check the box, check the box, you know, fast mover, you know, without sort of having the merit and having the credentials do that, I think there were a lot of concerns and it held, it actually held a lot of people back.


So let's reimagine this. Let's rebuild it. Let's not, while we respect the grounding nature of how it was built, let's evolve it to a way that is more comprehensive, more collaborative. That's right. And more compassionate. And we get there. Everybody wins. You can't have winners and losers in this space. You can't have mandates in the space. I was there, I mentored What you No, what you just said is true. It can't just be a mandate. Like, right, because a lot of it was just PR for these, these corporations. It's all it was. Check The box, that's all it was. Yeah, check the box. I mentored just as many call it Caucasian executives as I do black executives or other executives for that matter because they wanna really learn how to get this done. And so my teachings were always more open to the greater good because I realized as you teach people, especially where there's majority representation, they're likely going to affect, they're, they're gonna be able to help affect change and they feel like they're part of the process.


But when you're alienate and told you have to do this, man that resistance is high, people go, man, I ain't doing that. I ain't doing that. I don't have to do it. I'm not gonna go do it. That's right. It's the wrong thing to do. It should always be about best talent. So what are you doing? My book is all about what are you doing to one, bettering yourself. What are you doing to believe in yourself? And what are you doing to be yourself? Right? That's been my mantra my whole life. I'm investing myself. I have to get better. I have to take risk. I have to invest in myself to get better. I have to have discipline. I have to have commitment. I have to dream big And I have to be authentic and stay authentic. And that's what I try to role model myself my entire life. And that all that book tells you about the lessons on maintaining those disciplines and those principles.


I wanna ask You this, Right?


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Here at Life Kit NPR, Self-Help Podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam, Another one Gone BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Cracker the bat and Another one Gone. A Tip the cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I give nine months before Rosa, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Because I, I love the title of the book. Survive and Advance Lessons on Living a Life Without Compromise. And it's, it bas it's rooted in the DEI thing right now. You have a lot of people saying they want a boycott target, right? Because they rolled back their DEI initiatives, which I don't get it, you know, it's a lot of different companies that roll back DEI initiative. So why just Target, right? But what they're saying is they wanna make an example out of this one company, but then now people are saying, Hey, let's meet a, let's do a compromise. Let's support the black brands in target with boycott everything else. What do you, what do you think the best course of action is? I think the best course of action again is I think, I think leaders around the space. People who have experience, people who have, you know, dealt with struggle in their life like I have, who've been through a journey.


I've been through HBCUs, you know, I have this experience, I serve a trustee at HBCU. So people that have the experience out there need to lead a new agenda, need to lead a more modern agenda. That again, I I go back to the, the same three Cs, right? That is absolutely more comprehensive going this, this boycott angle and only supporting this, supporting that. That's not the answer either. That's not the answer. That's very short term. Yeah, it drives a lot of engagement, but it's not the right answer. You're gonna increase, increase polarization to even a greater extent when you do that. Our cha our time is now to look at this as a positive in terms of change and creating new change for the culture and do it in the right way. That's gonna create sustainment. Doing these sort of side hustles and taking these tactics that are abrupt, abrasive, temporary.


Don't solve the long-term problems. I'm into solving the long-term problem. Let's solve the long-term problem. Let's get people, leaders together with the corporation and say, Hey, we wanna take a different cut at this. Looking at again, looking at all your cohorts, looking at all the people that matter, looking at all the things that you're gonna do. Look at the monies you spent before and give you opportunities and ideas of how to spend that money a little bit differently. Maybe to create programs that everybody can win, to create programs that everybody's working together. Mm. Our uniqueness is the one thing that we actually all have in common. Our uniqueness is the one that, that everybody brings that to the table. If we use that to our advantage, the teamwork will be unparalleled in this entire country. But instead we look at it only on a basis of really gender and race. That's how we sort of measure uniqueness. Really. We need to look at it across the spectrum.


Everybody has different lived experiences, everybody has different backgrounds. Everybody thinks differently. We need to celebrate that in a very different way where everybody at the table is being represented. That's gonna give you a greatest output, that's gonna give you big greatest culture that's gonna give you the best results. It's proven when you have people that celebrate uniqueness or really value uniqueness at the table, it drives the best business results. So you have this triangle where you got consumer. If you're a brand company, you got solely consumer, you sort of got the company and you got your community, right? That's the sort of three legged stool inside that is culture. Get your culture right. You focus, you spend the right money against the consumer to drive the behaviors you need and the sales you need. You focus on company, you're getting representation, right?


You just look like the market. There's some markets that aren't gonna look like every market. Every market's not gonna look the same, but you're looking like the market you operate in and you represent, right? And that's gonna be different. And then you obviously have the community. We wanna lift all the communities up. We don't wanna just be sort of separate and discreet and carve out and say we only care about these communities. We only care about these black brands in these stores. We wanna make sure we are evolving the greater good and everybody gets go along for the ride. That takes real courage, that takes real strategic leadership, that takes real sort of collaboration and maturity to, to pull this off and not look at it with your head down, but look at what your head up on. What's the future look like in this space. And having people to table to do that. We'll get us to the right space. Absolutely.


I want, you know, I wanted to talk about your, your first paying job. For people that don't know, what was your first paying job and who gave you that job? My first paying job was under leadership of Mayor Marian Barry. The legend. The legend. You know, I, my daddy was In rehab with Marian Barry. Was he? Jesus back in the day? He was South Carolina. Okay. Marion Barry was, Wasn't going there with it. But I respect man Emini Here, man over came on so many struggles, Man. Respect that guy is a, is a legend for the DC culture legend. He's a legend to me. I realized that it's not about the mistakes he made we're all making mistakes, but he cared about people man. He cared about kids. He knew the risk of kids venturing off and not having time filled in throughout the day.


So he created this sort of summer program. Every kid 14 and up, guaranteed a summer job. All you did is gotta fill out the paperwork. Mm. So I had my first paying job at 14. I was making 3 35 an hour. I was getting on the subway. I was excited every day I got to go up and go to, I'm going to work every day, go on the subway and go to Brooklyn. And I was going to a school or administrative place and filing papers. Emini here. It wasn't like I was doing a lot of, you know, strategic and heavy lifting work, but I had a job. I was taught to be, I was already responsible going that by the way. So it wasn't a matter of Derrick Lewis understanding the role of having a job. I was already like the dad of the house and the big brother house, you know, when I was 10 years old. But this was important to me now 'cause it really defined, it started elevating the sort of professional lines. You're gonna be working with other people.


You're gonna be working for people. This isn't just a side hustle. You cutting grass, washing cars, cleaning houses, selling Doritos at school like you were, this is now a professional job and sort of really shaped my mindset around what I wanted to go do. I thought I was gonna be a government worker up until I went to Hampton. And then obviously I was able to dream bigger when I gotta school san. All these companies come down here and they offer these kind of monies and 'cause my, all my family was government jobs, right? So I thought that was my path. I dreamt I was gonna one day make a hundred thousand dollars live in a single family home and be a happy guy. And that was at my age. Now, you know, guess what? Life took a very different circumstance. God had my back. The circumstances were very, very different as a child growing up. I knew I wanted to be a, have a different life in myself.


I put a lot of faith in him and, and took that journey. And here I am today and still now, you know much more into go giver mode than go getter mode. For years I was go-getter Emini here, hyper go-getter because we didn't have much. So I was never gonna let something go by because of performance. And now my mindset is, is really shifted as I've aged and matured and grown to paying it forward. So I was in pay it now mode for many, many years. Now I'm in pay it forward mode. And I'm having the time of my life doing that. Hopefully this book will inspire many others. You know, whether you're a child going through the struggle as I did as you read the book, a lot of struggles, a lot of dark days there a lot of days where I didn't know if I was gonna make it out to becoming, you know, one of the highest ranking executives in Corporate America. A very recognizable organization to have my back.


I had their back. It was a great run. Created a lot Of, I wanna talk about your, your your, come up with your wife as well. Yeah. Okay. That big. How long, how long you been married? We've married 32 years Now. Oh. Explain how that is having the right partner by your side. It, It's meant everything. It's been me and Charlemagne talk about it all the time with the right partner that keeps you outta trouble, keeps you from doing foolish and sometimes you gotta smack in the back of your head. So, so talk about that journey, about having that right partner on your side to make sure that you Emini here. It really has been the key to the success I've had, And I talk about this a lot, especially recently, we've been talking about this a lot, is our, our line shared vision on how we want to, to live our lives. Now the story at Hampton, you know, it was volatile. We met Emini here. I was a senior, she was a freshman.


Things didn't work out. They worked out great at the beginning. But as you know, those things are temporary down there. Didn't work out. I moved on. I wanted to be this, go get my job, go establish some income, go buy my first house. Before I started taking relationships seriously, it was a big mistake that I'm glad didn't cost me 'cause I wouldn't be here now if I, if she wasn't part of my life. But we reunited time, take time heals. I matured, I came back, I saw the value, true value she brought to the table. And I knew all along that our vision on family, our vision on career, our vision on community, our vision on faith were so aligned that it was, it was obvious for me to say, Hey, we need to, I need to lock this down, right? Because I knew that the place I wanted to go, go, I absolutely had to have a partner that was willing to go along with that ride and, and that that ride wasn't gonna have lumps to it.


The rod has had lumps to it, but we've been there for each other the whole time. 'cause we never wavered on the share vision. You know, she had to quit a job when we had a third child. That was not a easy time for her to do that. I talked into doing that, but it was, it was, again, it was a tough time. We adjusted to it. Obviously you've come out fine with that, but that was the time where I had to really sort of lean in with her. There's times she had to lean in with me. We moved around a lot. New communities can imagine how sisters are going to places like Portland, Oregon where it's 2% block and trying to find a place, Jesus, to get your hair done. You know, you get the town like, okay, we're here now. Where, where do I get my hair cut? Where, where do we get our hair done? Where do we get nails done? What do we, what do we socialize? What do we do to sort of relax and become ourselves in the culture? We found ways, we found places we eventually would make our way around it, but then by the time we got comfortable, it was time to move again and again and again and again.


So a lot of sacrifice that we had. But we've built a family that we wanted to build. We call ourselves Team Lewis. She's the co-captain or she's actually the chief household officers, I would tell, I would say to her and been an integral part of all that. But shared vision has, has been the absolute focal point of our success. Leaning on each other, trusting each other, grinding each other. She's made me better. I would like to say I've made her better, but she certainly has made me better in this whole journey. There You go. And there's a point in the book, sorry to interrupt. Go ahead. There's a point in the book, not the statistic, and this point in the book, just talking about your wife and leaning on her. You talk about like your journey with like finding out that you had a cancerous mass and just things you overlooked because you were working and just, you know, just in day to day-today and the title of the book Survive in Advance, you talked about feeling like you survived and you got away from a lot of things you didn't have to worry about what was gonna happen next in your life.


And then you're super successful and then cancer comes and your wife is there and families there. Like, can you talk to me about like what that journey was like for you? Yeah. All face of it. You're still, I see you kinda get emotional right now. Yeah. And was a great, that was that, that was a tough time, right? Emini here, I'm retired now. I'm, I'm playing a lot of golf and, and I'm having the time in my life and then I started seeing blood in my stool. And again, sloppy for me, undisciplined for me. I had never had a colonoscopy, you know. And so here I am, 56 and every year I go get my executive physical check in the box and doctor's like, Hey Derek, it's, you're over 50 now. It's time to get your colonoscopy. I'm like, I got you, I got you, I got you. But I'm going back to the grind. I'm going back to the grind. I'm focused on people, focused on my job. Are you scared? Were you scared to go or? I wasn't scared. I just ignored. I, I deprioritized it.


I, I made it feel like my executive physical was good. I'm feeling good. The boxes were checked. You said you had all the best doctors. Yeah, Your cognitive skills were good. Your motor skills the highest they've ever been. You know, your blood comes back fine, you're good. So I'm like, I'm good man. I gotta, I gotta get back to the grind. And I ignored it. It was, it was a terrible, terrible decision. And I don't want anybody out there that is 50 or over and has not had a colonoscopy. Now a matter of fact, you 40 and over, right? You start getting younger now, starting to get a lot younger. Yeah, I think I, it went down to 45. I Was 45. Depending on your family history. A lot of it has to do with your family history, but the earlier the better. So there's no, there's no such thing as an early start with checking out your, checking out yourself from that regard. And so it was a, it was a terrible decision. It would've cost my life.


Damn would've cost my life. But the beauty came out at all my relationships with that. We sat in the car, this was the story I found. I had the tumor, we got in the car and we're looking for like the, basically the doctor was basically very stoic. It's like, Hey, you have a cancer is a cancerous tumor. I suggest that you look into an oncologist now you may need surgery, may need radiation. Here's a recommendation we give. You guys are down the street, you know, you can pop in there. Here's your paperwork. I hope to see you a year from now. That was really the conversation. That's how it is. So we get out of there and we go walk down the block to go see the guy. 'cause obviously like, hey, I need to like set something up. My urgency is, is, you know, high right now and it's closed.


Okay. It is like three o'clock close. We get in the car And I could feel that moment where like it's silenced for like a minute or two trying to collect everything, collect ourselves, like what, what's going on here? And so I, I thought called a friend, I had a friend phone, a friend who I'd known had gone through cancer. And boy, she bailed me out. And by that time, three or four hours later, I was on the phone with chief medical officer of the Advent Health Network, my eventual surgeon and oncologist all within hours to talk about my problem, get them the paperwork. They di they did an early diagnosis over the phone. It said, Hey, it's serious, but it's not like we can fix this. So you need to have the faith. We got you. Yeah, we got your back. And so I never like got scared.


I never had that moment where I'm like, okay is like, is this a six month thing? Is it, am I on The clock now? Like really am on The clock? Because I had so much in front of me. God has sent send me a lot of signals about what I was gonna do in my next chapter. And I feel like you're not gonna, you're not gonna show me all to take that away from me. But this is a chance to reset your life, reset your health, prioritize your health, the way your health needs to be prioritized. Because I didn't prioritize it the way I needed to. And I would tell everybody, everybody make sure your health is the number one thing. If you can't be the number one thing, if you can't be the best version of yourself, you can't be there for everybody else. That's right. So how in the hell can I, I'm a hypocrite. I'm out there saying I'm out here for everybody, but I'm not here for myself. And so self-care is really elevated in my life in a big, big way. And obviously the health part of that, not only the physical part, but the mental part and the emotional part, very important for me now.


And it's given me the foundation now to do things I actually haven't done before in many, many years. So, but my wife was fully behind me. She took it actually hard And I did, we talked about that a lot. You know, she's like, Derrick, like I'm going through this too. You know, when I would get short with her, I'd say it's okay trying to like, make it a big deal. But it was a big deal and needed to be talked about. But she was a rock of strength for me in ways that I'll never ever forget. You know, I, I know if it was reversed, I'd be there the same way for her and God forbid it, it, it gets that way. So let me take all that pain for the family to keep the family going. Yeah. But she was a rock in this whole thing and wouldn't have got through it in that at that level if it wasn't for her and her support. She came through big time and my network came through big time and it was one of the most incredible experiences.


I say one I say in the same breath. It was the hardest lesson I learned. It's also the greatest lesson I learned. Mm. At the same time. 'cause I got a lot of runway left and that you just motivated me now for the next 30 so odd years of my life to go after in ways that I haven't gone before. It refueled me, it reenergized me, it put me in a different space. And again, this whole notion of going, being a Go-Giver man, I'm in that space And I see the vision of what the future holds for that. That's Right. All right, well pick up the book, his memoir, Survive and Advance Lessons on Living a Life Without Compromise. It's Out right now. Derek Lewis. Derek Lewis, we appreciate you for joining us. You having brother? Thank you so much. All thank you for what y'all do, man. It's The Breakfast Club. Hello. God bless. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now


Here at Life Kit NPR Self-Help Podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. I think God sent me this gift so I can show it to The World. And most of all, I help people every single day listen to the Ghost Therapy Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.