
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night The Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler. Who tangles with some stone Cold brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night The Million Dollar Heist Streaming now on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new jeans, Carol g, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste at moves. You scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024 to Coca-Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


With the football season kicking off is the perfect time to dive into the action with my partners at DraftKings. The number one place to bet on touchdowns. And right now all new customers who bet just $5 will instantly get $250 in bonus bets. Plus get one month of NFL plus premium. That's something we can all celebrate, right? All right, now download the DraftKings Sports Book app and sign up using my promo code TBC. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings daily fantasy and have the shot to win cash prizes. So right now, download the Draftking Sports Book app and new customers. Use my promo code TBC and BET just $5 on any wager and get $250 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC only at Draftking Sports book. The crown is yours.


Wake That ass up In the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ and V Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is out today. That's Right. She's on maternity leave. So Lauren la Congratulations this Morning and we got some special guests in the building. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Will Packer. That's what's happening. And we Have Kevin, Hart, Kevin Hart. He's here we, he's here Here. Fight. Night. Kevin Hart. Is that too loud for you? So Kevin was supposed to be here. Can, can I tell You the irony of this? Right? Kevin's hung over right now. But If, you read the first chapter in Will Packer's book. He has a chapter called We Gonna Die Tonight. Right?


It's true. And It's essentially this story. This is What you were worried about. Will Char man, this is what you were Concerned about. Listen brother. He almost ruined both our careers. Yeah. This is not, this is not the first time time. This is the first time. Listen. See the difference is that Kevin is at a point now he can get away with the shit. Yes. You. know what I'm saying? He's Kevin Hart. Right? So You know people would just wait and bend over backwards and all that. It was a time when it was the biggest movie of both of our careers. It was ride along, he was hung over Ice cube. Absolutely ride along with Ice Cube. And we had done thing like a man that was the one that really kind of counter deposed Kevin, right? And everybody was like, okay, what you gonna do next? Like what? What are they gonna do next? So this was the one that was the biggest budget of our careers.


Everything. And Kevin, did I lie to you? You remember what happened? Did I lie to you? You did lie. Did I lie to you? You absolutely lied. Did we? Did we Get what we were supposed to get? And did we get back to where we were supposed to be barely So envy we or Were shooting? Or did we get back to where we were supposed to be? We barely got back. Kevin, I'm saying your story, why you bitch all the the time This you see this will, this is, people wanna know what a producer does, right? They ask me, this is what a producer does. You see this? You see him smelling the coffee, you see him trying to, trying to get oxygen in his veins. He trying to come back to life. Come on. This is what it looks like. So Kev was supposed to be, y'all was supposed to be here three hours earlier, four hours earlier. Oh boy. What's your issue?


Well, first of all, Tell me, tell me why the people on radio need to know that it is radio. So you think they need a fucking breakdown. This is gonna be four hours early. And they said Kev can't make it 'cause he's sick. And we all said bullshit. He was drunk 'cause he went out last night. I did not go out last night. So let's, let's correct. That's actually true. Last night, by the way, I do not go out. I'm 45 years old. I don't go to fucking clubs. I don't go to parties. I was working, I did promos. I seen you party in Vegas. See out What? It's my weekend. I own the fucking weekend. And. I have to show face. Kev, I have to be there. Okay, Charlotte, man, don't hype him up. C is my weekend. I gotta gotta fucking be there.


You're not helping. We at clubs. I gotta show face. I'm the brand. So you do go to the club? No. Well kiss. Yes. No on all seriousness. So last night You know we're doing promo and everything for Fight Night. We're rolling out all of the carpet of the carpets. So before the actual premiere. Premiere we announced it. But I had to leave 'cause I had to do Seth Myers. Yeah. And Seth Myers has a segment called Drinking with Seth. And you, you go to a bar and Seth makes these drinks or whatever and it's like You know for hour and a half to two hours you're drinking throughout the interview. What could go wrong with that?


You know, I don't drink anything outside of my fucking tequila at this point in my life. So You know Grand Carino. Anything else? Great tequila, by the way. Anything else I'm very unfamiliar with? And Seth said, let's close it out with your tequila, but let's start it with everything. So he threw it all at me. Like I'm talking What? It's Jaga Meister and Wild Turkey. I mean we were brown. We were dark. Kevin, You too old. You too old. Say, but is a complete sentence. You can, but you have to understand the beauty of good television. And it was a good conversation, great interview. And while we're drinking for good reason behind the answers and we, we finished it with the tequila, we went through a lot.


And. I. I just don't remember the, the back half of the the time. And that's why I didn't show up to the after party. Right? I missed that. Right. And this morning at 6:00 AM I would've been here bro. Why Couldn Couldn't you miss the after party after the garden that night? So y'all could have just got back to You know Atlanta Becausecause. We Weren't drinking. That's why I don't understand why he's being a bitch. Like we, It was our, we weren't fucked up. Like, oh man, Where's my jacket? We weren't Just out. I had a show Back. People the biggest movie of our career. Okay, where's a tampon? And he leaves Jesus Christ, these books a a show at Madison Square Garden. He tapes a comedy special in the middle of our movie. I I tour while filming a movie.


Faithfully. He does. Which is not a good thing. Boys and girls. Like when you looking at how to be successful, like don't overbook yourself. That one thing about my friend here, you right. Do it opposite for me because I'm a bad example. Nobody's gonna overwork him. I'm a bad example. Don't do it Kevin. Look at his career. He's been doing it wrong this whole time. It's the stupidest shit I've ever heard. Oh, I'm sorry kids. Kevin booked a fucking a show in Madison Square Garden, take the Special and got to work and on time for the biggest movie of his career at That moment. I was gonna say people that are listening, no it's 'cause you have people around you who will save you.


You have folks that will save him. And that's what happened. He booked it right? And so he left the show in the middle of it, right? Biggest moves for Universe Studios. He leaves. But You know what he does because this is the evil genius of Kevin Hart. He goes, Hey man, I gotta do this show. It's next week. You know. Come with me. He tells me a week before he goes, Hey You know what you and Tim story to the rector bring on. Come like, he's like, I got the Jet You. know what? Bring your wine. Bring the wine the so my dumb ass. I'm like, You. know what he brought the and You know what he said. He said, that way you can make sure that we get back on time. Because I knew we had to shoot the next day. So we were shooting one day. He's gonna go do the show that night and then we had to shoot the next morning on a location.


We could only get that day You know what it's called. He's like, come with me. You know. That's called Driver an alibi. So to get to get, she's absolutely right an Alibi. You're absolutely right. Well that's a lie. He's absolutely right. Can't think I'm a professional because the director and a producer with me, you can't think I'm an asshole. They would beat an asshole. Cut to Kevin has an amazing show of Madison Square Guard artist. The celebs come out afterwards. We had an after party that he did not tell me about. I'm in there with Carmelo Anthony buying bottles going, oh we dying tonight. Why we turning up tonight? Why wars have power? Why are we gonna die tonight? This is what Well, we gonna die tonight means we're having a good time. If, you are choosing to die over life.


How good of a time is that? Huh? Last night I didn't say we gonna die tonight. And I was like, oh this Is work night. When I was in that club, And I saw my career flashing before my eyes. 'cause I realized there was no way we gonna be able to get back in time. I had that moment. 'cause I'm sitting there looking at Kev And. I realized we're not gonna make it. And Kev looks at me, me. He goes, well we tried. We tried that was it Remember in Usual Suspects when he realized that Kaiser Soze was sitting in front of him the whole time? Yep. I looked at Kevin Hart, And I realized that he had convinced me, the producer and director of the movie, to get on a jet with him. So that when Universal called and said, why are y'all over budget and not able to finish the movie? And they say, well Kevin Hart, will, packer and Tim story were there. So the producer went with them, it would be on me.


I was complicit. I realized that was his evil plan. All we're all in Alone. We called him a diabolical rascal spawn of Satan. That's true Way Any means that that's That's, that's the sad. I means that I love him. But that's true. Or words never spoken, sir. Oh man. I'll, I'll ask you and your listeners what is a life without a great story? It's something that can't be talked about. It's untold. A life without stories is nothing. You need fucking stories. That's right. Good and the bad. He's bitching about a great story. Yeah. Yeah. And by the way, that story did what amplified our relationship. And look at where we are now. Fight Night. Huh? We're talking about something else that we're yet in business and we produced and developed together.


Do we get here without that moment? No, we do not. So why did you Still wanna be his friend after that? After You figured that out, you could have said You know what? This relationship no longer happens. See what I'm saying? But you decided to jump. You needed me. You need us. You need a little rapper. Get to envy. I'm so afraid that if I leave Kevin Hart's life, he'll just implode. Right? He just burnt up on the spot. I just don't know what he'd do without me. I'll be honest With you. It's close to being over. It's ghost, Isn't it? About you two? That works so well though. Because even like just here with you guys in person, it's like I could, I could listen to this back and forth all day long. Like Real talk each other's most frequent collaborators. Kevin done a ton of movies. I've done a ton of movies, TV projects.


We haven't worked with anybody else more than we've worked with each other. I'll give you, I'll give will this on air and half of it is because I'm still drunk and drunk by the way, all of some of the best fucking tequila in the market That's caught me. This is not A commercial, but it's just a ton to let people know. Nice little When It comes this smooth taste and it comes to a Elegant hard work taste, different product. Well you gotta understand what and why. Grand Corino is that and has been that, which is why I drink it at the level that I do. But it's not about that right now. It's not about the product, it's about the passion. Let's get to that and we'll toast it that after with Grand Corino. But I will say this about Will I don't say it enough if people don't understand it, And I think they should.


I, I don't get to where I got in career or business without the information and relationship of Will Packer You. know what I mean? Like when it came to producing and when it came to development or it came to packaging, will Packer is the guy that was the definition of what that was. So from the early days of Think Like a Man, he was the producer that came to me and said, Hey, I got this thing. I wanna do this thing And I think you are the guy. And those are words. Words without action are just that. He put action behind the words. Everything he said he would do, he did. He got the people he wr wrangled, the directors, the actors, the actresses, the producer, partners, writers, et cetera.


He configured a way to formulate and activate And. I was like God damn man. Like how do you do that? And he taught me, will taught me how to do it. And as I progressed, I never forgot who he was and what he was. So our relationship today is based off of never forget. Like you don't, you don't forget the real side of like success attached to just care. He gave a fuck about me then he gives more a fuck about me. Now in return I doubled down on my level of give a fuck about him. So it's real shit. I don't, I don't wanna win if I can't figure out a way to win with my brother. So the commitment that we made was, Hey man, let's figure out a way to continue.


Although Kev, you're doing and you have, but how do we still do And? I love the fact that we still are and we're committed to figuring out more ways to do more. And what you're seeing today is a definition of what we want people to follow through with. Like we are no egos. We are help your brothers so he can help you. We are that and And I think it's the best story in Hollywood if people were more privy to how deep and like in depth it actually is. Facts. Right? Does that sense real time sense? Yeah. Real time. The the, the Fight Night TV show, right? It shows these characters operating within a black world where they all hold power.


So to your point Kev, how effective has that concept been for, for you both in The World of Hollywood? I think, I think it hasn't been effective enough. And, I. Think You know when you look at the Ice Cube and Kevin Hart of it all, all the middle common denominator packing. Alright guys, let's do this, but let's make it cube come in and like there's always a a through line of connectivity and that person has to be willing to go above and beyond. Finite is the definition of going above and beyond. All right Kev, I got this idea. The idea came after I was supposed to do uptown Saturday night. Mm. Uptown Saturday night was gonna be me and Chadwick Bozeman, rest in peace to the legend himself. Fuck, oh my God, I had no idea. Well I don't wanna do this anymore.


I can't do that without Chadwick. That project is dead to me. Will had the actual rights, the original story, the true story. So Will came to me. I said, will I can't do a comedy because of this? Can it be serious? Can we do it in a way to where it's like a lot deeper, raw, real? He said Kevin, absolutely. Hey, the podcast was points me to the podcast that he was a part of that understood, et cetera. Alright, shit, this is like real information now real knowledge will, I'm gonna fuck with it because it's you. But let's make sure that we try to go above and beyond to package it correctly. How do we do a premium, a premium cultural like piece of IP that has the bandwidth to live forever?


And you can't do that without big stars. To get big stars, you need real relationships. So the leverage of understanding that we both shared and that we had at the top of get the studio's commitment, get the studio, the back and support, then go get the talent. I gotta be honest with you, my guy was a big part of all of that conversation. And I followed the lead of most And I. Think where we were collaborative was dope as fuck. And the outcome was amazing. Talent configuration. And now an example of what the business should follow through with, which is collaboration. Collaboration. You you, you can win more together, you win less as an individual. How do you put yourself in a position to collaborate more?


So if we can be the example of hopefully most will follow through and hopefully we can do more and people will say, oh that's great 'cause they do dope shit and here's an example of it. Let's do some dope shit with them. That's where I'm at in my career. Now. I, I could care less about the individual star of Kevin Hart. I'm, I'm looking for the moments. I'm looking for the IP and I'm looking for the evergreen like material. You can't do that. That part is true. I will tell you that like, like Kev has definitely reached a part in his career, a moment in his career where You know you've had success. And it's like how do you grow? How do you work with people that you respect and how do you build a machine that then empowers others?


It's interesting. Charlamagne you talked about like The World of Fight, Night, Fight Night is really about a group of hustlers, dreamers, entrepreneurs who were trying to take Atlanta and turn it into something. This is back in 1970, right? Martin Luther King had just been shot a couple years earlier. Atlanta was like seen as a small country town that You know had a couple civil rights folks. Like people didn't know if it was gonna be the next Charlotte or Birmingham. And nothing wrong with those cities, but it definitely wasn't looked at on the level of like a global superpower or right. New York, Chicago, LA You know it was Atlanta and it was not respected. But you had a group of folks, which is not unlike how black Hollywood is right now. Where you got a group of dreamers trying to figure out how do we work together.


Now of course in Fight Night you got You know a character who's Kevin's character. He's a hustler. He's going, yo, gimme a shot, gimme a chance. I can just turn Atlanta into something great. Chicken Man. Chicken man. Weirdly, Sam Jackson who plays the big gangster, the black godfather in the show. He actually has also got a dream too, right? Even though he is a big gangster, he's running the black mafia. His dream is saying You know what? The white man's been holding me down for a very long time. If y'all give me a shot, an opportunity I can take over Atlanta. I could turn Atlanta into a black mecca. Oddly, even though like Kevin Sam's characters are at odds for most of the series, the reality is that they have the same kind of a dream. That's kind of how it is right now in terms of like folks like us in Hollywood in real life who were all trying to work together.


Is It true that Samuel Jackson was had, was really there in Atlanta during That time? Yeah. Right there dog. He was at Morehouse. Yeah. Sam old as fuck. Sam was. I wouldn't have said it like that. Kevin Sam might hear it's Sam. I remember like we were, we were on a call with Sam at the start of it when Sam said like, yo, he liked it, he would do it. We were on a call, we going through the material. Sam, what Sam said about the character, Sam was like, yeah man, y'all gotta change a lot of this shit. 'cause more happened Then I was like, well Sam You know. I think we got the story. You know. 'cause we You know the podcast and everything. We got the real information. He like motherfucker I was there. He definitely did Sam. Yeah. What do you mean by that motherfucker that happened?


Like Sam is, he's very adamant about telling you Yeah. Where he was. What he knows. So the story of Fight. Night got better. It got so much better as we went on. Oh my God. Oh, okay. She is the best by the way. You and me. I mean since the joke with the little Mike, we have never left that stage. You are the best. She had some more jokes later too, by the way. She's working on she I'm gonna answer 'em all. Okay, this right here got her. Whatever. She's right here. This right here. I need grease. Brother. I, there's a chance right now. I may not make it to the end of this interview. I'm giving y'all everything. I Got to try to say impressed. But when you just ing, like telling you I'm giving everyth sound like you rambling.


It always makes sense. It's gonna fall off towards the end. Did you see you hit? Did you see Yo, we look at the irony of The World. Look at the Look who's over you on that wall. Did you finish with Samuel? Look at this Man. I mean, And is that Chadwick Sam and Chadwick and Kev. Wow. Holy shit. How's the scale Will as far as Kevs size? Well, because he'd be smaller. But the point is, standing up in that photo, man, look at that. That's crazy. That's fucking had no idea about that story. He just told that story. Wow. That story Is 1000% accurate. Wow. If you for the listeners If, you guys go watch Don't fuck this up. Which is the documentary, documentary Documentary on Netflix. Yeah. A Documentary on Netflix. Yep.


About when I went through like some of my worst times in the business and the things that I was juggling during the duration of that time. You'll see me and Chadwick actively meeting uptown, uptown Saturday night, me and Chadwick. Absolutely true. Before, before us going to the final stages, we wanted to make sure that we were on the same page with the characters, the story and the development. And Chadwick was an active producer in it. He had his partners there. You'll see it. Yep. And don't fuck this up. Yep. So The fact that y'all got a mural that's insane, right? With him with Kevin, Hart and Chadwick. That's insane. And then Sam Jackson, who he ended up making that same project with. That's insane.


That's wild. That's insane. Look at that. You know what man. And And I don't do this often, but I'm gonna drink a shot of Grand Corino to that. Kevin. This is not a plug. You do that very often. No, I think that's, it's not a moment. A it's not a club. Gimme a shot. It's a moment. It's a moment of understanding. It's a moment of understanding and it's a moment of celebration. Man, that right there is celebratory. That's awesome. And. I. Just want to take a shot to my brother's Chad. Let's do it. We all do the shot n you in the Hampton. Come on. And you said they did that your feet didn't touch the ground. That was charlamagne. The You're sitting on a chair. I'm sitting on the chair. Oh my bad. I'm sorry. I never said, said I never said anything about my feet. I'm, I'm sorry. I should said it wasn't to scale. It's not the scale down throwing HI Do this anytime will Pack could come.


'cause he always stay FMU. So I put Hampton University You know, it's crazy. A lot of old niggas that can't let college go. A lot of old niggas that refuse to just accept is over Envy. When you, when you with a cat that never went to any school at all. He didn't go to a historically nothing. I'll tell you what, I didn't. And this is why like you guys are the example of what you don't wanna be. Oh Man, don't understand it's C culture. When you went to HB CU, you don't let it go. Come on You know what? Let it be known. Did you go sis? She didn't. Here's your spot. Didn't go. I thought I was trying to Delaware State University there You know it's You know where Delaware State is.


That's just a bunch out Delaware State. Do not listen. Don't do that. Niggas in Delaware. Well, You know what I wanted To ask you. Yes sir. How do you manage all these big ass personalities, bro, bro. Serious. Kevin Hart, Roger p He Samuel Jackson, Don Teel. How do you do it? Yes. Yes. Cheers. First let me just You know, did you drink the whole fast? Whatcha doing? I poured y'all two big ones where your I was wondering, I need my glasses back on. You know sister, I'm a Christian. I can't be up here. I Jesus. This is not wine. This is not Jesus. Can't turn this into nothing.


Don't. We're not gonna do it. The answer was a Christian, don't say you're a Christian. I'm a Christian. I I'm a Christian. Kevin. Don't do it. We're gonna talk. Fucking drink. I love the Lord. Say do it on. Look at Mr. Impulse. Did you get shot? I did. Lemme see The whole thing. I never pour him one. Listen. See how, look at that. Yo real talk You know what he do to me. No. Every day on air. No. Take him down. I didn't pour him a shot. So he ain't take nothing really saying as punishment.


I wasn't. Give him a big shot. He won't drink. You don't like liquor? I do like it. But My brother is working. Stay focused Charlotte, man. All right. I'm with you. Listen, you talked about big personality. That's, that is the hardest part of the job as a producer You. know what I mean? And in real talk, it's, it's awesome when you got somebody like Kev who gets it. Yeah. Who understands at the end of the day what the bigger picture is. But a lot of times, I don't care if it's You know Hollywood music, You know, stock market, whatever it is. Tell people you say, you say Kev talk. Can you talk to them for me? Is what you say. How much do you argue with Kev though? 'cause he seems like he's a lot. Oh, bru. Lemme tell you something. I'm, I'm the least and then I'm the least problem that you will ever have in any work environment.


That's true. I'm unproblematic. He is unproblematic. I mean, the challenge with Kevin is that he will overdo things. Right? He would do things like have a show at Madison Square Garden at the same time that we have a big scene in our movie. Now. He's definitely, that's the one. That's the one. He's not, he's not a moderation guy. You know what I mean? That's part of the challenge. So cheese. See, just ate that sandwich. That's why I'm here on The Breakfast Club. He eating this, this Turkey sandwich. Trying to get some grease in his cut. It's still hot. It didn't burn you when you, you should at least let it cool a little bit. Come on animal. This is what I needed. Yeah. Talking. This is it now with Hollywood Genius. So I can't take, listen, I can't take him serious. He done a phenomenal job as Chicken Man. Yeah, but I can't take him serious in dramas. 'cause it just always seems like drama Makes you, you laugh. It's always jokes. Is that annoying? But can I tell you something? Real talk Chicken Man's his best work yet.


I telling you, you look at what he's doing with his eyes and You know a lot of people You know it's known that comedians, they, they, they pull from pain. Right? And that's how they deflect. And that's where a lot of the comedy comes from. Kevin is known


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way. From the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is Law and Order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman Dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice from nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand Woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically the Story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current, Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session, 24 hours. BPM. 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say it. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you, you need to share it. 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you are gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Oh, exception. But the reality is that when he said we gotta do this as a drama, that was a big risk because people say, all right, Fight, Night, Kevin, Hart star there, let's go. I'm ready to laugh. Like you said, Charlamagne. But the reality is that this is, it's serious. Now. You have moments of levity, but the tone make no mistake is dramatic. Like it goes there. I don't wanna sound like an asshole, but this may sound asshole ish, right? It's the grand cream. It may sound asshole ish. You gave it to him. I did. Here's, Here's we here the content. It's a big jump to the audience that watches of what a talent is doing. If, you are not used to it. A talent knows what's in their fucking bag. That's true. You know what you can wrangle, right? You know who you can call right You know what you can package and do.


Right? The operation attached to drama is project based If. you give me a great project and in the project I'm supposed to be serious and I'm supposed to have a cadence of, and it is such a great piece of material that I choose to do. I'll do it the best of my ability. That's called the talent. That's a talent's choice and a talent's decision. It's what are you, what are you fucking factoring in to you making the decision. I'm not doing it in an environment where it won't be cool, collective and fucking like dope. If I can't work with great people, if I can't work with great directors, great producers, great writers, then I don't wanna do it. I'm at a point in my life where it's about having a good time.


This project is relationship based. Every aspect of this project is formulated off of relationship. That's real. You push yourself by the Everybody said that too. Sorry. And. I was just gonna say, because cat stuck, like a lot of people asshole with that cast, you had to back up the truck. Right? Right. And by the way, you do. Right? These folks deserve You know And I. I'm very proud of the fact that You know, as a black producer in the business, I definitely take care of folks that look like us and make sure that I, I pay them on par with their counterparts and their peers. But Kevin's absolutely right. You don't do a show like this unless you want to. Right? Right. Sam Jackson's not doing it for the check. Right? And, and Don Cheeto's not doing it because he's available.


Right? They do it because they wanna work with certain people because the subject matter that speaks to them. And that is very, very important. And the other thing, You know Charlamagne, you brought up a good point that I want to just hit on real quick in terms of like the egos and all of that. You gotta make sure that everybody understands that the ultimate goal is everybody's goals. Because once people start thinking, okay, this is for me, And, I gotta be focused on my own goal and not the greater good, then you will never win. You gotta get people to working as a team. That's why as a producer, you're like a coach. You're like a general manager. You gotta get everybody to understand that their goals align with your goals. By the way, that is true in any industry, not just Hollywood. But you also need respectfully, you also need, you need a collaborative figure at the top to say, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make sure that no matter what I'm, I'm on a layer and level where everybody can understand that we're all the same.


Like I'm, I'm not coming into a project with my dick on the table, for lack of a better word. I'm not. Yeah. Y'all know y'all of That was definitely a better word, for lack of a better word. Well, there was a better word. I wish you would've found this. What I am what I am. I don't do that. I'm saying I'm about the greater of good for all. So I come in hat in hand, And, I bow down to all talent on the set because I'm so grateful that the talent is fucking choosing to do whatever the project is that I'm a part of. So for Sam Jackson, I bow down. You're a goddamn legend. You should get the respect that you deserve. Don Cheadle. I bow down Tara Raji, I bow down. Tower. Tower. Was that awkward? I mean, listen, I mean, Listen, Taraji plays Kevin, Hart down.


We call it down woman, right? She is his right hand. She is also his mistress. And so there is a scene worded better. Well, she, she should down woman. He asked, was it awkward? What I'm saying is, I have no problem with being equal And I. Think once again, I'm gonna, I'm gonna highlight this as much as I possibly can. That's the version of the example that I want to get out there. I want the collaborative side of our culture connecting. I want us to understand we are so much better together. I want us to understand The premium factor of us doing things together is so much better than the individual trying to be one fast.


Do you challenge yourself to do things outside of this comedy? Say, I just don't want this comedic role, I want this serious role. Do you challenge yourself or do you just take roles that come? None. None of it is a challenge by the way. I'm, I'm developing the things that I do. Nothing is coming to me. I'm creating the things, or I'm a part of the process of how it gets to the final stages. I'm at that point. But I have no desire for the star of Kevin Hart to get bigger. I don't give a fuck. That's, that's so gone and done with. I'm more about the success of others. The success of the entity. The success of the brand. Yep. And I'm more importantly the success of what we represent and what we can look back and say we did.


Yep. That's bigger now than the conversation of myself. I did it. I'm done. What, what else am I gonna do at this point Now, Kelly has to go in two minutes. It's five five actually, we Gotta get, we got. Well, I wanna, I wanna ask both of them. I'm not, do this, was it hard to find someone to play Muhammad Ali? And did you ever consider Will Smith, You four Will Smith. Very, very challenging. Right? And I. Think that you gotta understand You know, obviously that's an icon he's been portrayed before. For us it was about finding a newcomer that wouldn't pull you out because these other characters you didn't know. Nobody knew Chicken Man, Kevin Hart's character or, or Vivian Tara's character or Frank Moton You know Sam's character.


But You know. Everybody knows Muhammad Ali. So I think to have somebody in that role who you had some familiarity with and who you associated with something else would've pulled you out. And we really wanted to immerse you even with these big stars. We really wanted to take you to a time period, right? 50 years ago, and really drop you in and be as authentic as possible. And we've paid a lot of attention to the detail and the nuances to try to get this thing right. Boy, boy, did we choose, right? Yeah. Come on man. This c and by the way, not just the big names that You know, like I talking about Muhammad Lee. Oh, Dexter Dart. Dexter. Dexter. Dexter Darter. You're gonna be hearing a lot from him. There's some young gunners in this cast that you're gonna be hearing that I, I predict you're gonna look back and go, yo, remember when so and so went toe to toe with, with Kevin Hart and Sam Jackson.


Dexter Dart. Yes. Melvin. Greg Melvin. Greg Miles, Bullock Sin Walls. Chloe Bailey does her thing. Yep. Lo Harvey jumps in. I Think, I think you have the future of Hollywood. My wife Said that And I was like, I don't think that's Lori. 'cause she like, she looked so different. Played Layla Hathaway. No, Lola. Lola. But I think, I think that you're, you're singing an amazing example of baton passing. You're, you're looking at people that are established have been established for so long and Sam and Taraji and Terrance and Don. Yeah. And then you also have the second tear of talent that is a valuable piece of this puzzle where they're toe to toe with the big names and you don't blink an eye.


Right. You understand why everybody is there and you respect the talent on screen and you still respect the story. You're never taken outside of the story. So I think that for that younger generation that we were able to onboard, no question. It's a, it's a great example of what we want to do. No question. We wanna be the example for the next generation. The bridge. We wanna be the example for global success for, or the new star that popped on. Yep. If we are part of those stories, then how dope is that? Like that's the biggest side of the conversation of want Reese to Celeste Jalen Hall. These are names you gonna know. You know. I know you gotta Go. So to ask your age way Fine, Be fine.


I was late here. I'll be late. You late here. I've been doing this for a long time. You can't be late everywhere. It's fine. I Can be, see what I'm saying? This is what would've If you. I'm telling this you would've never made ride alone. This is why I meant his life. This what happened About the act your age tour. What what you going back on the road? I'm a big star. Big the act. Your age tour. Go ahead now. Well, I don't know if You know. You know. He kicked me out in one of his, his shows. Did he kicked you out? It you had your phone. I Had my man. He kicked me out. They threw me out. And as they throw me out, I'm yelling. Cav is me. Because I know what you heck about. You know. That's why we should have kicked You out too much, brother. Come on. That's the Hampton. You got Feminine kids. So You know, sometimes you gotta check your phone to make sure you're good. Well, Don't do it much. Even went to the show you knew. Come on, I gotta I side with Kev on this one, brother.


Come on man. Come into a comedy show. Come on. It is an TE environment. And by the way, my act, my edge tour, it's a very dope fucking thing going on right now. It's a premium ticket with a dope experience. And in that experience for an hour and a half, check out, check out and Laugh. Did you see it was in me? Did You know it was him? Who gives a fuck about him? What I'm saying, what I'm saying to you is people, people kill me. Like when you act as if rules don't exist for a dope reason, phones are a bad experience. Phones are taking over the intimate appeal of life and lifestyle. That's true. That's true. Like your phone has checked you out of every experience. You go to concerts, people watch a concert through their fucking phone.


Yeah, yeah. You are looking at the concert Like this, this, and for an artist that's trying to put out new content rights and then everybody can just watch it on YouTube. It's horrible. It totally diminishes lock up. So you I can respect lock up buddy. Just like jazz Cops come up, cops, cops lock him up. Or lock the phones up. Put your phones up. You lock him up in that moment. Even you knew, come on, brother knew leave. And You're like, yo, that was such a dope shit. I thought he was gonna throw me out though. Yeah, well a chance. So you had that privilege. That's that light skinned privilege. See you thought you was like, I'm envy you did that, by The way, I don't even know what A couple of Skinned niece. Yeah. He's the lightest Envy is the lightest light bright lightest, high yellow Of expectation Envy is one of the lightest Operators of the pack.


And sometimes you like, Hey man, he not white. Yeah, yeah. You, you get confused. Huh? You over here Envy's A guy like, shit. Shit. He that real privilege. He Like, can you believe they doing this? He's the one that called. Yeah, he Called. You gotta get on the Zoom. Yo. I Lauren, Go ahead Lauren. Monique and Lee Daniels just did the deliverance. Yes. Are we ever gonna see a reconciliation with you and her because she, I mean, I Don't have a problem. I know that there's no problem reconcile. No, but she has said that like I know when she was doing club, she, she, and they talked about it. And did she, she was talking about the phone call that happened from your team or whatever. Right. Is there ever gonna be a conversation that we hear you talk about where y'all two have another conversation about that and move forward?


I'll challenge your question with a better question. Go Ahead. You've been doing this for A long time. You ever hear you talk about anyone? Do you ever hear anything bad come from me? No. So information can be one sided. A perception can never be one sided. It's always a duality. It's, it's your side versus another. And if there's not a common ground that mean, that means one hasn't been attempted to like be met. So there's no problem between me, me and Monique. There never will be. There's no problem between me and anybody else. There's nothing to reconcile. There's no, there's no problem. So all these problems that have been attached to Kevin Hart, they're one sided. I don't have a problem with anybody.


I Agree with that. Very problematic. It takes two people right. To have a conflict because that, that's the reality. I can tell you that like there's a perception that like if somebody comes out and says something that like You know that's it me and is behind the scenes. Like you believe they said that. What, what we think holy shit. We not doing that. That's, That's that's what it has To be. It's, it's not a thing. Social Media has fucked us up to the point of what you hear is what you're forced to believe. Got you. You do not understand like the common ground for truth is always a conversation. And if there ever is a conversation that you're not forward facing in a public statement ever, like I didn't say anything about what I did or what I did for Monique and my gestures, you never would've heard it.


That's a, it's a one-sided version or reason for, and by the way, I have no rebuttal to it. I stand on the side of I'm unproblematic. And if me and Mo wanna do or could do or would do, we will. But that's me and Mo thing. Yeah. Like the this new thing that people are like, lemme tell you something world. Yeah. That's a very Like, that's a, lemme tell you. I wanna be honest. I'm 45 years Old. I'm 45 years old. And by the way, team or not, it's not hard to fucking find me. Yeah. Like I You know what my schedule is online. So she hasn't hit you since all of that stuff. Me and Monique have had conversations and those are me and Monique's conversations.


There you go. Before and after. There you go. That's called adulting. There you go. I don't, I don't. Unad adult. Yeah. So all of these new ways of conversation and finger pointing, it's very easy. You know what corino in me 'cause I'm gonna say some dope shit. Alright? Everybody points to the fucking moon because nobody knows what it's like to be at the moon and for the moon to look down. Everybody sees it this way, but nobody sees it the other, there's only a couple people that have been down here and looked at the moon and said, I'm going and went and looked down from. So If, you don't stand the version of eyesight from both sides. Well then you're near side, you got, you got one vision.


I don't have tunnel vision. I have an equal vision of understanding. But If, you can't understand the moon side. How do you speak as If? you do. That's not, that's not life. That's not adulting. So to Be that was some drunk shit. But you If you I would say I dumb down for you. I'll dumb it down for you. There's only fucking how many astronauts that have walked on the moon. But everybody speaks if they know what the fuck is on the moon. That's right. Everybody talks like they know what's up there.


You don't know what's up there. You never walked up there. You don't know what it's like to be up there and looked down and see what earth is like from there. So it's only a couple people that do. When you are on a different side of life and you speak to those that are on that side as if You know what they're doing or why they did it. You are one sided. You can't speak on my fucking reasons. That's right. As if You know what my reasons are for Right. You can't speak on my business Cho my business choices, professional choices. More importantly, lifestyle choices. If, you don't know what the fuck my life is, But You know what, that's what I like about the movie fighting at. Right. 'cause it seems like they show each character in the movie as a hero in their own story, but a villain in somebody else's.


So you see those, you always a different Person. Yes. It's a dual, it's a super complicated narrative, which are my favorite kinds because your protagonist, right? Your quote unquote heroes are very gray and are very flawed like in real life. And your antagonist are people that you root for that. Those are my favorite kinds of narratives. I love that because we all know The World is not black and white. Right? And so you're absolutely right. It's about complex people at a complex time. And that's really what the show was. What makes things successful. Now your envy, before you do that, go ahead. I just want The World to get to a better place of understanding. Like stop taking the bait. It's bait.


Bait is unnecessary. Like if people really have problems, they talk amongst themselves. If there are no conversations amongst themselves, then it's not real problems. Yeah. Yeah. It's that simple. No, Kevin's right. I mean, and Kevin's big and a lot of us are on real interactions, right. You know what I mean? And you got a lot of people out there right now, they're trying to win the internet. You know, I just wanna win, win the internet. I got the most clicks, I got the most likes. And You know, let's win real life. Let's focus on real things. And so whatever conversation he may have, I may have, somebody else may have it. It doesn't have to be for the internet. What's the Biggest thing you told me the a while ago? He said, envy, shut the fuck up. Well, I tell you that a lot.


The real answer you like, I don't, I told you that because, and he is like, you're explaining yourself to who, like, who's listening by the way. I had conversations with like, who you talking to? Like when you, man, there's nothing that annoys me more when people do this shit right here. Everybody been asking. So let me go in All the time. Who the fuck is everybody? I'm saying? I'm saying the older you get, you start to realize man, like ain't actually stop. The other thing though, You know a box that matters and we, we obsess on the negative.


I hate to say that, but you'll be, you'll post something and get a hundred positive comments. Man, you walking there, you look good. But it'd be three people that'll say something sideways. Yeah. And no B'S the one, those will be the ones that you respond to, that you obsess over, that you focus on. Right. There's not, not the other 100, There's not a bigger supporter for the movement of people doing good shit. And Monique Lee Daniels reconciling that relationship however it happened, great. Dope for them. Did a movie together after Great story. Dope for them. I wanna see more. Keep doing great shit. The conversation of anything else negative, attached to a person's and their reservations and feelings.


To me, I wanna see nothing but good for all. Like I would love to see us all win. I would love to see us all at a table where we all can do, if it happens, great. If it doesn't, I guess it wasn't meant to be. But you can't have a fucking stance of negativity and like also a, like a real fucking initiative to move forward and like motivate, inspire, create, or do whatever. You can't be both. So it's either like you are one or the other and If you are a part of creativity, inspiration, collaboration, motivation, connectivity. Then that has to be it. And whatever you gather along the way and whoever you align yourself with along the way, well y'all all a part of the same story.


If things fall apart through the duration of, it wasn't meant to be on that train. Some people miss a train. It's just life. Some people don't make it. And time to catch the train and the train is going to go, is going to go. Why do you think trains can't stop fast? They're moving. So either you are on the train or you're not. And If you didn't catch the next train. That's life. I feel like we went back to the moon because it was, lemme tell you something about my guy. My guy. You wanna talk about some impressive words. My guy Kevin, you gonna put some words on him? I can put some words. 50% of them gonna make sense. What makes it successful? 'cause You know Hollywood didn't change before it was Blockbuster movies.


But now, I mean there's so many other platforms to put your movie on. Yeah, so what is successful For? But You know there's still qu quantitative metrics that they use to determine quantitative that at HBCU brother just letting You know he ain't never been. Well why is it 'cause reality is that you still have ways that you can determine how You know how many people watched it if the audience was into it, if they were engaged. And that stuff is important. And so that is definitely a part of what we do. Honestly though right now it's about I just want people to feel stuff You. know what I mean? I wanna feel like we're touching the culture. You know. I wanna feel like whatever it is that we do, we don't have people feeling like we wasted their time.


Got it. That's that's the point that we at. Yeah, we gotta get it. They, we gotta, we gotta get it. Do You have colors you like to use Will as Lee Daniels? This as a producer, and when I say colors I mean like artists or there's certain artists you like to use 'cause they're like your muse. They help you paint the picture you Want that you would use within a, within a piece. Why you sit back like that? A TV Show or a film? Why you sit back. That mean I think, well what does that mean? Lee obviously is a director. I'm a producer up now. Yeah, absolutely. I think that you talking about the people setting the mood and the theme thematically is very important to have, first of all everybody be on the same page about what the vision's gonna be. Right? And also to make sure that the ultimate vision fits the execution.


Oh and so, okay, I You know like for instance in Fight Night we wanted it to look a certain way, right? No, I thought he was talking like light niggas. No man Don't, he don't like lights brother. That's why. That's why. That's why Skinned don't You know what You know. No, no it wasn't. Wasn't dark dark. Fight. Night gotta break It down because Kev, they coming in here to drag your ass Out because you late. You gotta do it. Come. Oh we done. Okay, we're good. We good. We appreciate and real talk we appreciate y'all like real talk. We appreciate you the malleability. That's another word. What that malleability, what does mean means that they were flexible that they worked with us. They weren't rigid. If you into HBCU U You. know what that means.


Well I'll tell you what. The HBCUs that you both went to are better without you. All three of us. I also, I also say this in conclusion.


In conclusion, the big takeaways for audience are very simple, man. The first one of course is Fight. Night. Now, now streaming on peacock. Do yourself a service and us a favor. Go watch it. A very good fucking show. An amazing story that I think should have been told a long time ago. But for the city of Atlanta that we all know and love, it's a great highlight of how Atlanta got to be what it is now. Facts, understanding the early stages of it, understanding the origin for us all, especially people of color, culture, we need to know. Yeah, it's a great story. Eight parts, eight part limited. It's eight parts, three parts out right now. Dropping one per week. If you if you're like a lot of us, you looking for, what's that next series I can really get into and really get into the characters and follow week? It's really good. We are challenging you. Let this be your next series. Give it a go.


I would say that's, that's thing one thing two, yo guys, collaboration, egos, et cetera. Ask yourself what version are you? What side are you on? Are you on the side of that? Are you on the side of this? Pick one. Pick one and be that or identify what you are and make a change, right? The other side, Hey man, it's, and then that shit is getting outta control. It's over. It's fucking like it's, it's outta control. Just from an understanding of real versus not real reality. And like false reality. Ask yourself, which version are you on? Are you click bait? Are you fucking real? And for real relationships, there's real communication.


Without that, nothing else matters. Nothing else matters. I didn't fucking not tell them to contact or not do. Hey man, I'm gonna push it back. I'm fucked up. The false communication would be, I can't man, just do whatever. You figure out what it is and what. And then the relationship kind of falls apart based off of an idea that you are giving yourself a moment to create. Stop it. Let's get back to a place of understanding, relationships, relationship. It's my fucking brother, And. I. Love the fact that me and my brother are great examples of what dope relationships should be. We will continue to do what we do and we'll do it at a high level. And.


I can't wait for The. World to see not only this, but what the things in the future will be. Bam. That that's what I want You to walk for. Lastly, I want everybody to vote. That's the last thing I was say I'm gonna tell you to vote for. But we will be remiss if we didn't get on this platform and say that it's real. It is real. And these are challenging times. Make your voice heard one way or another. It matters. You can tell me who you voting for. Kamala Harris. I'm voting for Kamala Harris. Well, no question. I appreciate that black man. 'cause we need more of us saying that. That's right. But that's my choice. Thats what I choose to do. I talking about Politics because I need everybody. Republicans buy shoes too. Re vote. Brought up the vote and he started cleaning up. He was like, alright, yep, time to go.


But you would agree the vote, right? Kev? You would say, man, all go. They pulling me outta here. Thank you family. We appreciate y'all. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning y'all. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight. Night The Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight. Night The Million Dollar Heist Streaming Now on Peacock. Right on now Back to the Funk.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people, But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end. It sent the message that we can prosecute these people. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky The other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing Dangerous about what you're doing, they're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want from my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.