
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's Manuel for important safety information


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank You. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge and real talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number One rule, don't read the comments, Man. Nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere. Unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% at free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just Dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. This album comes out this Friday. Ladies and gentlemen too. He's back in the building. Yo. What? How you feeling? Swear. What's Up? How you feeling, brother? Feeling Good. How y'all feeling? Blessed Black and Holly favored man De He said something surprising just behind the scenes. He said he's probably the only person in The World. That's Never been to a Diddy freak Cough. Nah, he Just got into, he just got into the game. Did that got into the the Don't give this me no lie. I won't lie. Like The only thing I was hoping, like, because I just seen y'all the, the last interview we, I had the baby oil and shit up here.


I'm like, I, I just hope I don't come here and they got the baby boy. You feel me? It's right there. No, you wanted to take it? No, I'm Behind the scenes. He said I'm probably the only artist. Crazy That s with Charlamagne. And then as soon as you come in, he starts with That. Yeah. Nah, hell, that's my nigga man. But you just got, you just got into the game so you probably didn't get an opportunity to Hell Nah. I don't know nothing about none of that. Hell nah, Nah, I dunno. Nothing about none of that. You Staying far away With Jaded man. New project. That's right. Why that title? Man? Honestly, I was, I was at a point in my life where like I was just tired and bored with everything that was going on. And I felt like You know my, my music kind of was reflecting it at first.


And then I kind of like just sat and looked at The, World, And I was like The World kind of in a Jaded space as well right now. Mm. Like You know everybody kind of tired and bored with everything that's going on. Ain't no music really sticking. There's nothing that's really lasting. So I'm like, I mean, why not call the album Jaded? How Do you even make that kind of music anymore? Like how do you make the music that sticks? I don't even know. Regardless of how good something is, I don't even know if people's attention spans can focus. Yeah, that's the thing. 'cause I won't lie. I done heard some records this year that I feel like should've, like should've really did it. Like there's some great songs out there, but I mean, I feel like the the, the internet just done made everybody so equal. That's right. You know. And, and, and it changed You know the, it changed a lot about superstar status.


So I don't know man, that's, it's hard. It's like a microwave type of industry. Like songs happen so fast. You don't get to live with a song. The only song that I say has lived for a long time Yeah. Is Kendrick's record. That record has been here for the longest. But besides that, you don't really feel that Like that anymore. Yeah. Nah. Yeah, it's, I don't know, bro. It's weird right now. It's hard to You know what I mean? Because I don't, I felt like the, like from the RB side, I felt like the Chris Brown residuals record was like a great record. When I, when I first heard that record, I was like, yo, this one of the best records I done heard in a while. You feel me? But I don't know man, this industry weird. How, how do you change that though? Do, do you make people more tie into the artist more? Do you, do you give less of your personal life?


How do you Change that? Yeah, now I think that was my thing. Like I had to start giving less of my personal life. You feel me? I I, I mean it was something that I'm, it's something that I'm trying and it's been working for me. But yeah, I just give pe less of my personal life and try to like, just let people see who Tusi is. Because Tusi and Na are two totally different people. Y'all ain't, I can't keep giving y'all this person over here and y'all looking at me like a sense of normalcy. Like that's, it's not that. Well that's a good point you just bring up because I remember back in the day, you could sell your normal life. Yeah. Because everybody bought into you so much as an artist. When you would see things like, remember that MTV diary or Behind the music or even just a documentary on a artist Facts, you would tune into that.


That's a whole other, yeah. Yeah. Facts. Revenue stream in a lot of ways. Facts. Facts. Now it's like, now it's like, I don't know, people just look at people kind of semi look at like artists. Like they a little bit regular, especially up here. Oh my God, in New York. Everybody think they're celebrity yo. But like, it's, it's just different now. You know. They look at people like they regular. Do you feel, do you feel like there should be like a balance? Because I know for instance, like with Cardi B, people love her because she's so, like, she seems so approachable. Yeah. She's online with her fans. Like how do you find that balance? I mean, I think, I don't think it should be no balance, honestly. Like you should feel me. It's, its, it's cool to interact with the fans and, and, and, 'cause I'm one, I'm one that touched the fans and interact with the fans.


But at the end of the day, just like know you interacting with twosie, like You know. And my big thing is like, like the Taylor Swifts and the, and the, the Taylor Swifts and the You know people like the Drakes, the Kendricks and the Beyonces, the Beyonces and all these other people. Like they real superstars. Like they ain't, you not seeing all of they personal life. Like these are superstars and you gonna look at me as such. So like, I feel like You know to get that respect. You gotta hold yourself to a certain standard. They Also came up in a different era though. Yeah. It's crazy. I mean, even though they're so still so relevant now. They came up did way before all of this. They Did. They did. But one thing that I, I, I do know is too though, like, it takes time. 'cause I, I seen, like I, I seen people grow over the years and act to actually like get where they at You know.


Like, so I mean it takes time. Like just 'cause you ain't where you at today don't mean you ain't gonna be there in a few years, whatever the case may be. Where do you fit that balance? Right? Because you look at Drake, right? Drake's is a superstar. Yeah. But he still does quote unquote regular people stuff. Drake could still be at the strip club. Drake could still be at the regular spot. Even even Cardi. Cardi is still be in the spot. But You know, I think a lot of times we came from an era where you never seen those artists. Yeah, right. Exactly. You never, it is almost like the honest had their own thing. You Know. Yeah. And that was the thing. You never seen 'em like, I don't know. It's, and with the internet, it's so hard not to see a person. Like, you feel me? I don't know. The, World, The, World just so weird. I don't, I don't know how to create that back. If I had that, I, we was just talking about that. Like, if I had the answer of how to get hip hop back to where it was, I, I wouldn't even have to make music.


I'll sell it like You. know what I Mean? And nowadays I feel like everybody, it's like, it's almost like a a a a rapper, it's like a rapper starter kit, right? Yeah. Facts. You put, you get a ch a big Cuban facts, right? And then first of all, 'cause then you put some sunglasses on and whatever the, the, the Louis Vuitton or the trend that you wear and then you just look at him and be like, is he a rapper? How should I know who it is? Because everybody's a Viral rapper trying to tell you. And then they selling and then they selling chains that, that, that look like the ones we got for, for way less. For a hundred dollars. We go a TikTok shop Right now you could go buy a chain that look like mine for probably like $150. How much you spend for that? You got on A hundred thousand. Why? I dunno, You like, I Get the one for, but You know, You know you two, But wear the fake chain.


Nobody's gonna question whether it's fake or not. Yeah. But I, I see the thing about me, I done had my jewelry for so long when I first got my jewelry, like buying, coming in the game and buying chains and buying the jewelry was a thing. Now you can't, I won't lie. Like I'm just now finna get a new pendant and it been three years. I haven't had no new jewelry in three years. So I mean, I feel like I deserve it, but I'm, I really don't even wanna wear jewelry no more. For real. Like just wear Costume jewelry like The women do. I don't even wanna wear jewelry no more. I'm tired of wearing chains. I'm, you look at these pop stars and all these other, they don't gotta wear no jewelry. They coming outside and, and, and, and jeans, some shoots, some loafers and a white t and they chilling.


Like, I'm trying to get to that point. The Sad thing is, is our genre, I don't wanna say Doesn't respect it, but doesn't respect that. That's that's a lie. Y'all lying. They don't respect it. Y'all lying toy. You lying to don't rap. Why is that? Lie, Kendrick, I ain't never seen Kendrick in a chain's Kendrick Lamar. I ain't never seen j Cole in the train right now. Chain it is j Cole. They the only one Name a new artist right now that isn't because everybody's following up trend, but They're the only ones in that genre that's really like respected. And like you said, it was a different time, man. Some You know how many j Coles and Kendricks it is right now that, that, that can't seem to break the barrier. Like it's, it is hard. Don't nobody want to hear real rap no more. Like, and it's terrible. You don't think it came back. I think you don't think it's come back and it's so it's funny we say that because when you look at the last 15 years, the people who can really rap Yeah.


Are the ones that are successful. I I wish The Drakes the colds. Oh In the last 15 years, Drake, The Wale, the dudes be rapping Now. It's like in the past, like I'll say two to three years, it, it unchanged. It's not about really rapping. It's about, it's about propaganda. It's about how everything look I know aesthetics. Yeah. Yeah. You feel me? I know, I know people that's doing, you would look at their Social Media and think they selling out tickets around The World and they tour is struggling tickets. But the fans ain't gonna know that. You feel what I'm saying? Like it's, it's, it's hard out here. I won't lie. Like real music ain't lasting. You heard real music is not lasting. You, You seem like when I listening to Jaded, it feels to me like you, you're, you still focus on like making records for radio for like mass appeal.


I think that's a law start. I try to make, I try to make international records. Like I wanna make music that people could sing around The, World You know. Like even if, even if I go to, whether it's like Asia, Australia, wherever I go, I want, like they could, they could vibe with the record. They don't gotta, you feel me? Instead of it, it just being like just popcorn music. I ain't trying to make records for TikTok. If could go on TikTok, it go on TikTok. But I'm not trying to make records for TikTok. I'm trying to make hit records that last forever. I wanna be on a billboard top 200 charts for 683 weeks. Like, like the Drakes and the You know Sizzle You know the Scissors and like scissor, like scissor Fire, like artists like that. Like it's, it's some real talented artists out here and they don't gotta do much.


S don't gotta do much. She don't even, whenever she drops, she done go hard. Do you feel the pressure to match like your success of your last album? Because it went go like it, it was just so I, I'm sorry. Yeah, the just favorite song alone went four times Platinum. Do you ever feel like, okay, that's gonna be hard to do again, I gotta get there. Nah, not really. 'cause at the end of the day, like You know, like Charlamagne said, I'm at the end of the day I'm twosy. So like we can't never take away from the fact that I'm twosy like at the end of the day, I gave y'all, I gave the people a great record. And You know in due time whenever it come like we got time to make great records, You know and we have great records. It is just about You know when it catch the people's eye and when it catch the people's eye, it's just gonna You know it, it, it's gonna have its time. So I don't ever try to match and be like, damn how I'm gonna do this again?


'cause it's gonna happen. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm blessed so it's gonna happen. And good for you for doing a record with Gunning man, not worrying about all that goofy ass. Oh yeah. Street rules that don't apply to music. That Don't apply to music. And that's my thing. I don't give, I don't give a damn about no, I don't give a damn about no street politics and all that. I don't get into that. Like if I wanted to do that, I'd still be out here doing what I was doing. You know I got a kid and all that. I ain't trying to be caught up in no street politics. Y'all do that. That's, that's ain't nobody that's, that's worth no Bees out here focusing on no street politics. Street politics is for punks and that, that was never a thought when you said it, you just like, oh he fixed this record, I'm gonna reach out to him. It was never Nah, for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When he did the record it was more so like when he did the, when he did the record, I was like, I appreciate it.


I mean, me and gunna got some, some records together, so Hey, I can't pronounce. What is that Champ? lc? Champs? What that mean? It it, it's a shopping district in Paris. Oh, oh, okay. Shopping district in Paris. It it, it it is, it's kind of like Soho here. You never been to, you've been to Paris, man, I've been to Paris on layovers. I never everybody say that. Yeah. I never been to the, I'm thinking my mom name next year though. Everybody say that. Yeah. Nah. Yeah, it's it's, it's like Soho. It's like Soho. It's a shopping district. You know a lot of people like to go there. Yeah. And You know a couple months ago you, you and Shaq got into it. Yeah. What was that about? Man, you told you called Shaq a weird ass old head because he got in your baby mama DM a couple of months ago. I was like a year ago.


How long ago was that? A while ago. Not too long ago. But see that's the thing. I yeah, yeah, it was like, it was a long time ago. It was last year though. Right. But I haven't been, I ain't been, I've been put up, I haven't been doing no interviews. So like that's really like the la I've been put up for real. So like that's what we put up. I've been put up, ive been in the crib for That. Was, that wasn't May? I don't know when it was. It was, it Was a while ago. It wasn't that Long ago. You do? Yeah, I've been in the crib for like seven months. I ain't been doing no interviews. No, no dropping, no music, no nothing. I've been in crib seven months. Last year was hectic for me. I needed some time with my family You, know what I mean? But yeah, shit, I don't lie. I he ain't put no comma in in in his sentence. You feel Me? Hey said let me have that baby talking about he, So I'm like, I don't know what, like, I don't know what he talking about.


And me like I'm, when it come to my son like I'm overprotective when it come to my son. So like when I read it, I'm like, nigga like what you, you, You thought he wanted your baby? I'm like, what you mean you about, it's a lot of weird shit going On right now. You feel me? It's A lot of weird shit going on. So when he said what he said? I'm like, yo, what you mean you want my, but if I would've knew he was talking about my baby mom. Like, 'cause like at the end of the day, like I'm the type person. Like if Awo if a woman goes, she goes like she going, she's right. She ain't for you. If a woman goes she she gonna go, she ain't for you. But I thought he was talking about my son when I read that. So if I would've knew he was talking about my bm, I won't lie. I swear to God I never would've said nothing. Did y'all speak after? Who? Me and Shaq. We ain't never spoke.


Me and Shaq ain't never spoke. Man. Shaq, Shaq worth some a beer or something. He ain't trying to speak to me man. So You thought he really could afford the baby? You thought he could? Nah, I, one thing about it, Man, my son worth trillions. He ain't, you feel me? Yeah. He ain't, ain't no ain't no it ain't even no dollar amount you can put on there. I won't lie. I do something to, I didn't think he reacted crazy 'cause I saw what Shaq said too. And, I was like, that's why I didn't understand what he, what you mean? I thought he was just, I thought he Was using that to flirt with her. And you felt the way 'cause he was flirting with her. I didn't even Think about The baby. Oh nah, I ain't never know man. It's so, man. Nah man, it's so many niggas. My, every time a nigga jump in my baby. When my dm she telling me she shows you All of them? Yeah.


Why she Y'all still, y'all still together? Yeah. That's my heart. That's my heart. That's my heart. But yeah, nah, like so Why you acting like if Shaq called her baby, you wouldn't have, oh, I see what you're saying. If she didn't go, she would go. Yeah, if she but you didn't like you confident you don't want her to go. I wasn't, yeah, I wasn't. Yeah, he just ain confident. Nah, but I wasn't worried about, but he, he don't need to. He, he, he big as hell too. He don't need to be worried about my baby mama. My baby mom like five foot two. He'll hurt my baby Mama. You don't need to, you don't know that Man. He need to watch out man. You ever seen he look like Wizard Kelly standing next to Yeah, But you don't know what he got. You know what I, I don't know. I that I don't know. You're not gonna be talking about That for See what he just said that don't you all that part you assumed.


I just wanna take some time to say I never said That. Let's just, let's, I never Said that. You assumed it, you alluded to it like he seven two break. Like what? Shout the cha shack. We not in your pants. I don't know what talking about this morning. Charlamagne ist in his pants. Yeah. Shout kinky man. Nah, but I, I, I genuinely fuck with Shaq though. Like I, I fuck with Shaq because at the end of the day, like, you shouldn't say That after the conversation. Nah, you should put a comma in front of you. Put a comm. You gotta put I, I fuck with Shaq. You know his business. I I fuck with his business. Yes. On a business aspect, You know, 'cause all, all the shit that he did as black man, like it take a, it take a lot to You know become what he done became and do the things that he done did. So I fuck my, my, I just wanna say like You know If.


you was talking about my baby mom, you feel me? I ain't really stressing that because it's too many niggas that do that. But I don't lie. I thought he was talking about my son though. I ain't gonna hold You. I get it. You, you also said something just not that it makes a lot of sense. You know. You be, you be put up, you be in the crib. Yeah, for sure. At your age, all the stuff you've achieved, people might expect you to be out partying every night, messing with a whole bunch of chicks, but that's not you. Yeah, for sure. Where do you get that mindset from? Or when did you realize that whole lifestyle in hip hop is a distraction? Man? Honestly, bro, like these girls everywhere. Like, you feel me? Especially when you at this point in life, like I go on the street and find somebody if I want to You know like it, it is girls walking everywhere in New York.


But outside of that, it's just like with this lifestyle, it's, it's so much that you still If you get caught up in a lifestyle too much. It'll take you away from who you originally was. And I try to like, IIII try to like stay close to my family because they always remind me that I'm still like, I still came from a certain place. And, I think like that always helped me. It's like a balance. 'cause I live in North Carolina. You know, you feel me? I live in North Carolina, so it's like I travel The, World, And, I get to be. It's like Hannah Montana. That's what I like to call it. Like I travel The World get to do what I gotta do and then I come back home And. I'm Miley Cyrus. Yeah. You know. So yeah, that's how I feel about it. What made you move to North Carolina? Man, I moved to North Carolina when I was like 12 years old. Yeah. Yeah. I moved there when I was like 12.


It just, my mom moved me there for a better life. 'cause You know I'm from Syracuse. A lot of people don't know Syracuse rough. Yeah. You feel me? So like they just think of Syracuse, the the college. Yeah. They think of the college, but they don't know the college right outside the project. Like, you feel me? You don't come off that campus If. you ain't. So, like, my mom moved me for a better life and ever since she moved me, it just, it, it really helped me. It changed my whole life. It changed my, my my how I looked at life, my aspect, like everything. And then life just been going up And. I'm like, I don't never wanna move 'cause I get to travel. The, World do. If I gotta go somewhere, I'll fly like You know it's regular and The cost of living in North Carolina.


My name is Brandon. Kyle Goodman. I'm a black gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Okay, let's put this messy round of smash or pass. Okay. Okay. Here it is. Smash or pass. Spit play. I don't know. Okay. I don't know how I feel about bodily fluids being on me unless it's 'cause we're doing the pullout mapping and we're living on the edge. Oh my God. I was not expecting That Baby. Like I always say, if You know how to work that body, that sexualness and that heart, you're unstoppable. Embrace your power. That's really what we gonna do on this show. Join me on tell Me something messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks de exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


Hey fam, I'm Simone Boyce. I'm Danielle Robe. And we're the hosts of the Brightside the Daily podcast from Hello Sunshine that is guaranteed to light up your day every Weekday. We bring you conversations with the culture makers who inspire us. Like a recent episode with Latin Grammy winner, podcast host and TV personality. Cheeky about making a name for herself as the eldest daughter of Beloved Singer Jenny Rivera. I'm not afraid And I think that that's why I've been able to kind of do my own thing and not necessarily stay in my mom's shadow because I'm not afraid of stepping out of my comfort zone and shaking things up a little bit. 'cause that's the only way I feel that you're gonna make history. Listen to the Brightside from Hello Sunshine on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Teddy Mellencamp And Tamara Judge, better known as the tz. Yep, you heard that right? We're the hosts of two teas in a pod For all the housewife lovers out there. Every week we break down every episode and give you our opinions. We cover it all. OC Jersey, Beverly Hills, New York City, Dubai. As we always say, you're only as good as last week's episode. Plus We're talking to all your favorite Bravo celebrities and not just housewives. We're putting your favorite people in the twat seat and getting the juicy stories everybody wants to know. So join us as we stir the pot and get ourselves into some trouble. Okay? Maybe a lot of trouble. It's Not really trouble when it's truthful. Let's just say we can be a little twatty. Listen to two T's in a pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


In a galaxy far, far away. No Babe, that's taken. We're in our own world, remember? Right. In our own world, we're two space cadets and totally Normal humans. Sure, totally normal humans embark On a journey across the stars discovering the wonders of the universe. One episode at a time We'll talk about life, love, laughter and why you should never argue with your Copilot. Especially when she's always right. Right? And if we hit turbulence, just blame it on Mercury retrograde Or Emily's questionable space, piloting skills. Hey, join us on, in our own world for cosmic conversations, stellar laughs and Super corny dad jokes. Listen to in our Own world, as a part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't worry, we promise to avoid any black holes Most of the time.


So different there. What? It's cheap. I swear if I could live in South Carolina and still make money, money. But I think, I think the thing with North Carolina is you just can't build, like I can't build the house. I could build the house that I want build, but it just don't fit North Carolina for real. Like the house that I want, it don't fit North Carolina. So I gotta, I gotta build somewhere else. Just buy some acres in the woods And be, nah, I'm going to Tennessee. You move. Oh, okay. I might, I don't Know. Close to Nashville. Yeah, I might, I might. But the politics over there a little different. I heard. So I don't know everybody Moving. I call it Nashville, white Atlanta. But yeah, everybody, Yeah, that's really what it is. That's really what it is. And all the country singers live there. When you say The politics a little, little different over there.


What you mean? Politics a little different. I won't lie. Like it's just You know some things that, that You know some things. P just politics, You know presidential elect, presidential elections got a lot to do over there. Like in North Carolina they do too, but I don't know, I just try not to. Y'all go out there and vote, that's all I'm gonna say. Go out and vote For who? I ain't gonna tell you again. I ain't that man. You see how you trying to, you I just asking for who? I ain't never gonna tell y'all who to vote for, but I'll tell y'all to get out there and go vote. I'm, I'll tell, I'll tell you who I'm, I'm not gonna tell nobody who to vote for, but I'll tell who I'm voting for. Who you voting for? Vice President.


Who you vote for? Oh, oh, the Vice President. Oh, vice president. Okay. Vice President Harris. That's why I'm, that's what I'm voting for. But I'm not gonna tell you who to vote for. I'm just gonna tell you who I Vote for. I like that. That's, that's, that's what's Up now You know on, on, on the Okay. Whatever with Kalani. Yeah. You still seem to be pretty dedicated to being a player. Is that just rap? Nah, it was, it was, it was a part of my life. Okay. Okay. I feel like that's what it is. Like, so people always ask me like, is is the music that you rap about? Is it like really I or you, you sing about, is that really like the life that you live in? And at one point it, it was either a part of my life or it was something that I know who I like, I know somebody who experienced it. And. I feel like with me it was a part of my life.


You know. So yeah. Well, okay, whatever. I, I had a toxic part of my life and I'm outta that phase now, but You know what I mean? I still wanna give it to the people. Oh, so, so on Fire and Desire, when you talk about getting ahead in your car in the highway Definitely. And catch your feelings Maybe. Probably. That was a real experience. I could, I mean I possibly Be crazy on She don't mind or she doesn't mind too. Oh y'all just throwing it all up. You just throwing it all Every time. You said you wasn't to play back At you. That was everyone on the track list. I was because I was Why? I know you do. You do you pay attention to this stuff when people come at you and be like, why you don't put your baby mom in the videos and then Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Because I'm wondering how she be feeling about these songs. Unless they all apply to her. But the Thing is, you said You know thing is though like with my baby mom, like me and my baby mom so close and like that's why like I see And that's another thing too, like I go out in The World.


That's why I won't be focused on these girls too. 'cause like I go out in The, World, And I be meeting all of these girls. And I just be like, mm, like y not my baby mom. Like my baby mom don't ask me for nothing. She don't want nothing from me. She like, she do everything that she gotta do on her part. Like that's my best friend. We locked in. So like when it just, when it come to her, I don't really be focused on nobody else. But I'll say like yeah, like she understand that Na and Tui is two totally different people. Like at the end of the day I was Tusi before I was na sure before anything. But when we got together I was already Tussi. Got you. So she, she get that part. Does she get Jealous or does she understand it and does she Business?


Nah, she don't get jealous. She joke with me sometimes like Hmm. Like, like she might see me like, it was a little clip of me talking to India, but we was on set. It was a clip of me talking to India that had floated, floated around the internet. But we was on set and she'd joke with me sometimes be like, Hmm, what y'all was talking about You know. But she already know like, man I'm working like Tui and Ur talk two totally different people. And I hate that. The people try to get that, those two collided 'cause they ain't the same people. Did she ask you about Fire and Desire when you talk about getting head in the car? Nah. You Catching feelings? No, she be writing. She be writing. She be, she helped me with my track list. Really? Yeah. But did she listen to the lyrics? Man, She listened to everything. She helped me with the track list. Like she, she so the Fed to the feds that's out there, that was getting on me about the track list and the songs that's up there.


Samaria helped me. So yeah. Tell me something. I'm an old head. I'm out the game. Married You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. Describe the level of good head that makes you catch feelings 2024 while you driving. Man. Is it the same head I was getting back in the day? I don't, I back in the day, skys crazy. Back, back in the day. They was, they was probably a little bit better word. These, these, these girls out here, man, listen, they wanna be tricked on and all that before you get to see anything. It is rough over here. How Do you stop yourself from, catch your feelings? From, from, from a random. He why he wanted I I I ain't, I don't catch feelings. I don't catch feelings with a random man. But I, I I done, I done, I done caught some feelings before. You caught Feelings before Charlamagne.


No. Yeah. He can't fight yo as Charlamagne. By the Time he masturbated and cried I was 16. What is this guy talking about? Wait a man Way, way. This had nothing To do with nothing. Talking about failings Ask. I'm saying so like, hold on. What you mean? What he talking about? You know how when you young and you first start masturbating, I thought I was a loser. Yeah you were. Because I was masturbating. 'cause You know, I'm thinking, damn, this is for people who can't get no money. Right. Right. So I was, I did, I was young. And I was crying. Yeah. That's all you doing and crying that Happened. He's seen it like, it, it happens to men casually all the time. Has that ever happened To? No, never. That's never happened to Envy. So you jacked off your face's. What? That's ain't smiling, but that's what that baby oil in here for. That's what, that's what you be on.


That's, that's What you be on. No, we used to be signing the revolt. That was a left of a pardoning gift. Oh my gosh. Man, stop it. The revolt day Man. Stop it man. Nah. Yeah. I won't lie. That ain't never cried though. I ain't never cried. No, you said Tory Lanes is one of the most talented artists of the generation. Sure. Why do you say that? Why do you Believe that? For sure. To Tory. I I want to know somebody else right now who could drop a eighties project, another artist that could come around right now and drop a eighties project. I don't, I really don't foresee it happening. That's, and it was one of, that's one of the smartest things I ever seen. But outside of that, it's not many people that could do what Tory do. Like it's very few artists that could sing, rap, make any step in any lane.


Like it's very few. Every artist got a lane. And with Tory lanes, with artists like Tory Lanes, Drake, few other artists, man, it's, it's very few that could Tory Lane's wanted to like him, love em, hate em, whatever the case may be. You gotta give people they flowers. I'm a realist. And I don't care what nobody say about what? Like, at the end, the I'm gonna be me and I'm gonna speak on what I wanna speak on. He, he definitely one of the most talented artists. I mean you Talking about music like You know, I think that we live in this world where everybody want to mix. Everybody Wanna mix everything. And that's the thing, you talking About music, you're not talking about number music. I never said the guy. I like the thing. Would it be like I never, I never said the guy was a great person. I never said no, none of that.


I just, I'm an advocate for great music and that he makes great music. So that's what I will say. I don't mix personal lives. And you said you started making love songs because of Summer Walker. When you went on tour with Summer Walker? Yeah, I will lie, before I had went on tour with Summer Walker, I was more so making the uptempo like You know street stuff. But then I had went on tour with Summer Walker. And I had noticed, like her fan base was different. She had a bunch of women in the crowd outside of having a bunch of women in the crowd. It was her, her merch was selling every night. The tour dates was selling out every night. I'm like, this what, this what life's supposed to be like. You feel me? She on autopilot. She don't gotta worry about nobody. Only thing she gotta worry about is crazy girl fans.


She don't gotta worry about no dudes doing X, Y and Z or you feel me? So like, I'm like, this the lifestyle I wanna live. Like I wanna, I wanna put this thing on autopilot and just let it cruise. So yeah, shout out to Summer You know mean You've seen a shift in fans and for Sure I won't lie, my junk like 80 20 now. Like I'm gonna say 70 30. It ain't 80 20. I'm trying to get it to 80 20. I'm trying to get it to 90 10 For real. Does that, so so you're, you're intentional with who you put on the album. So you got gunna, you got Kani, you got money long, long. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yep. Okay. Yep. I just You know whoever I, it, it's more people I wanna work with. But I, I just kind of try to save those for the actual album.


It's just a mix tape. You know. So I try to, I try to save that for the actual album. I once heard you say, you said people are rushing to love without knowing how to love or even who to love. Take your time. Love is not something to be taken lightly. Who put you, who put you onto that? And was that for just like, people who are single, Not perpetually single? Nah, it's, it's, it's for everybody, man. Like, I feel like love ain't, love ain't to be rushed. You know. It's, it's, it's, it's a process. And at the end of the day I feel like, I feel like when it come, it come God, God only gonna put in front of you what he feel like you can handle. So as long as you, you keep that mindset, you'll be all right. Like your person gonna come.


So yeah, I feel like people be rushing for love 'cause they see the, the, the good stuff on the internet, the flowers and the bags and the, and the this and the that and the dates and the, it's a process. What, What advice would you give to someone? That's Good advice for single people though. I was asking What what advice would you give to a single woman like in, in her thirties that can't find a man and and actively located You see how you see relationships? They on their way over. They on their way over here. Dogs holler wasn't even talking about, I just word just what advice would you give a woman? Every, everybody, we all knew where y'all was Going. Nobody called on you Lauren. We just talking about single women had nothing to do with you. So what Advice would you give somebody like That? I'll say, man, this is like, it take like they say, man, Rome wasn't built in day.


I'll say that. And at the end of the day, like I, I believe in things being preserved and things happening at the right time. So If you in your thirties and you ain't, you ain't met love yet. You know what I mean? Like, God probably look, she, look God probably God is preserving you for somebody special. And that's, that's, that's for you. And And. I Are, God is protecting men from her Until, that's Why I started laughing because I knew she become the per was coming for real. She might not be the person that You know God want her To her facts, talk to her facts, facts, let her know. Facts. Facts. But the thing is though, I feel as if like I, I definitely feel as if like You know God preserve people for like when they ready he ain't never gonna put nothing in front of you that you not prepared for.


Like You know it take time. Like it really take time. I don't know. So if I ain't know if he, I wouldn't have knew that you ain't had no partner yet. It's So good. I'm not worried about them. Yeah. Especially not him over there. Yeah. Don't worry you ain't worried about them. But that's great advice you gave gave To somebody that Sure. Somebody that's out there. You talking 70% of the women that Million people out here? Somebody? Nah, I won't Lot 70 my 70, my 70% think they in a relationship with me. Oh yeah, they, they my 70. I love them though. They is Do you feel like You know back in the day that was a thing in the industry, right? Like they used to tell guys, don't tell women that you got a girl make these shit Like they want you. That's a thing. Nah. Or they can have you. Nah, that's, that's still a thing today.


Like right now, today. If you in a relationship to the artist that's out there, If, you watch this interview and you in a relationship don't never go put your relationship on the internet. That's probably the dumbest thing I ever did. You know. But I would say like, I like it though. 'cause my my, some mom got a platform now You know and she able, she could use her platform to do whatever she wanna do. She she gonna make millions off that platform. You know. So You know. She, she got some, some, some things she working on and I'm excited about that. So outside of that, but yeah, If, you win a game, don't man, don't put you in. That's, that's the worst thing I ever did. You know. I don't, I I don't see it work for anybody. I've never seen it work. I don't know a successful relationship that's in a, like somebody that's in a game with a successful relationship right now.


And if anybody do know one, tell me please. I think Meth Man said the real shit. They asked him what was the key to a long lasting relationship. He said keep, keep everybody out your business. Keep everybody out your business. That's the only way to man. Listen, I'm trying to tell you once like I cut ties with the internet in my personal life, my career just start going up. So, so you haven't seen people saying that this new, they feel like this new project or the stuff that they've heard feels like the old Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I seen that. I seen it. Okay. But that I, yeah. Yeah, that's and that's a good thing. I like it until they hear the full project. It's, it's some of the, it's some of the old twosie 'cause it got some rap stuff up there. And. I You know, I kind of had stepped back a little bit from that, but it got some rap stuff up there.


And then outside of it having some rap stuff up, there's, it's real hits up there. Like this is, this is by far one of the best projects this year. And it's like a lot of people will probably overlook it. 'cause it's like You know it, it's a project coming from Tui like what's the most he could do. But genuinely, this is one of the best projects all year. I'll lie to you now. And what's up with you and Kai tonight? Did y'all figure out who Forehead was Bigger that was on the internet? Nah, I don't Lie. I I definitely think it's mine though. My jump big. Oh Yeah, your hat really did help. Yo. Well hold on. Jesus. Damn. Oh my God. I didn't mean it like I didn't know in person. I the video and in person Forehead is bigger.


That was Crazy. That was violent. Black men black. I didn't mean it like that. Black men. That is not true. That is not true. You gonna go with them was her screen. Whoa. Yeah, she loved Travis. That is not true. He was not my screen. You gonna listen to these people? You don. That was Crazy. That Was wild. Only because I seen the video and in person, I understand the comparison. They ain't even word. It's a bit bigger. Was in person that was violent for no Reason, man. But You know what they say. You know what, what they say about Big Foreheads, right. No, I missed that one. No, I don't either, but I, I just figured like Shaq got a big forehead and you was just on his side. I I I really can't I yo I don't know if I can trust any of y'all right now.


I told you it's you though. I told you. I told you too. See what you wanna play a song Downy Man, let's play to get the song Off Downs or off the mix tape, I should say most def off, off the mix tape. Oh, You still on tour too, right? Nah, I, I started tour on the 19th. I thought you was on tour Rod waving Money Bank On the 19th. Oh, On the ninth. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got got you, got you Got you got. Yeah, for sure. What you on here? Yeah. Most def. Most def. So nah, let's start with, let's start with I do feature in Money Long. I do feature in Money Long. All right, Tusi, we appreciate you joining us. Always a pleasure, brother. Pick up the project this Friday and it's called Jaded. And thank you for joining us, brother. I appreciate y'all. I'm So sorry you had to go through That. I'm, I, I won't lie. I went through that. I might been More with you. What? You just shit on him for no reason. No Reason at all. Forehead Did it. I didn't For no reason.


It I lie. I'm not, I'm gonna keep my head on all day. It's Toosie, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke as vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank You. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number One rule, don't read the comments Been nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview now.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister? Or is history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.