
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer it spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan and usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide hence traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owners manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


During the summer when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible planning. Device cover's not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, SI pc, not a bank. See public do com slash disclosures for more.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess Charlamagne. Nega. We order The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. He's back. He's back. Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Umar Johnson. Welcome brother. Peace and Pan Africanism. Good to see you brothers again. Peace King. How are you feeling today? I'm all right. I'm all right. You see, we got you on the wall over there, brother. You ain't even don't Even see it. You don't even see yourself right there. You're outta here. Yes. Yes. Oh man. Good looking out. Looking Out. You on the wall. Good looking out. Alright. How, how does Dr. Omar feel about being the black boogie man for interracial relationship? It's good and it's bad. Okay. The good side is, I hear from a lot of brothers who have gave up the bunny hopping.


Mm. They send me messages inbox, they stop me at the airport. So I do see the positive effect. You know brother, I'm with a queen now. I see the difference. If I never listened to you, I would've never really evaluated my behavior. That's the good side. Got you. The not so good side is also get the hate mail from brothers who are committed to the bunny hopping. Gotcha, gotcha. Right. And they can be very aggressive. Gotcha. In the repudiation of my position, I was at the airport coming from Atlanta last week, And I don't know what they be expected, but when I see a brother with his snow bunny at the airport, it's almost as if they expect me to approach them or something. Mm. Like we going through security, the brother with the white girl, and they looking at me like, like they waiting for me to swing on 'em or something.


Yeah. I'm like, bro, it ain't that deep, man. Your life is your life. I still respect you as a human being. Right. I just don't think your selection is in the best interest of where black people need to be headed. That's all. But when I see them interracial couples, man, they look like they getting ready for war or something. Yeah. I mean, because of the things you say. They don't know what you gonna say. What gonna come out your mouth If, you going grunt If, you gonna say something? So they gotta, they gotta prepare themselves. Right. But see, the essence of the message is still love though. So even if I disagree with what you doing, we still family at some level and she's still a human being regardless. So You know, sometimes they'll come up to me as a couple and I'll speak to them as a couple, and they may say, well, can you explain why you don't really agree what we doing And?


I'll do it in a very respectful tone. And, I've never had an issue when we had those conversations. Right. So from where my perspective is, I'm like, yeah, I'm strong in my position, but I'm still leading with love. Right. So nobody should ever feel some type of way about seeing me in public, although they do. I told you I was all the way in Zanzibar. I sent you the video, Dr. Yes, sir. I was in Zanzibar, and a brother from Zanzibar was talking to me and he was saying how much he like a lot of the things Dr. Umma said, but he was like, I just don't understand his position on the snow. Bunnys Bunny. It's a contradiction no matter how you cut the cake, because those children who are gonna be black, how can you tell them, be black and proud? Mm. If you didn't make them with a black woman.


You chose to incubate your seed in a non-African woman. How can you then turn around and raise those children to be black and proud? When If, you were black and proud, you would've chose a black woman. Mm. To incubate your seed in. Mm. It doesn't make sense for the descendant of the slave to be planting his seed in the descendant of the slave master. Now it's a complete contradiction. What are your views? Has your views changed on mixed people? Right. Because You know people will say, even If, you have a drop of black blood in you. You're black. I do the one parent rule. Okay. So for me, if one of your parents are black, you're black. Okay. Take Drake. If he identifies as black full-time, he black.


Okay. And that's never been an issue for us within the Pan-African movement. Going back to the beginning of time, we've never rejected the offspring of the union because nobody's responsible for how they got here. And so that's why Bob Marley, there's no contradiction for us. A lot of our ancestors were mixed race. Frederick Douglas, who I'm related to, it's no contradiction because you don't choose how you come into this world, but you still have the DNA of Africa within you. But you gotta identify full time. That's where it becomes an issue with our Dominican Republic brothers and sisters. Puerto Rican Africans. Cuban Africans. Because sometimes they will either completely reject the African ancestry. Right? Or they may say, I do have African ancestry, but I don't identify as Latino African, I'm Spanish.


You see what I'm saying? Or you look at what goes on between the Dominican Republic in Haiti, that whole intense light-skinned, dark-skinned, I'm African, you ain't African type of situation. We repudiate all that. You either black all the time or you black none of the time. Mm. You know people think because you have such a love for black people that for whatever reason, that translates to hate for white folks. Absolutely not. Because if that were true, why do I get so many requests for help from white parents? That's right. Why do I get so many requests for help from Asian parents, AAP parents? They don't have a problem texting my phone saying, Hey, can I pay this consultation? I need you to look at my child's psychological evaluation. I never get apprehension from white parents when they need my help on special education or mental health cases.


You see what I'm saying? Right. So if it were that bad, I would assume they would not be reaching out to me. They have no issue reaching out to me. And they don't go through a filter. They come direct. Even the snow bunnies, listen, I know how you feel about that. I need help with my son. He's a white boy. Blind hair, blue eyes. Will you help us pay the fee? I got you. And If you hated them. You wouldn't give offer the help. Why would I help 'em at all? You see what I'm saying? Some of them buy my book too. They say, Hey, I know your book is towards black families, but the information in there, we can use it too. So Do white parents ever call you and say, Hey, my white son or my white daughter is into this black boy or black girl and we need to, we want to erase them from there. Do they ever call you for that? No. I get the opposite.


Mm. I'll get the black mother. Who would say, Dr. Umma, my son is bunny hopping and it looks like he has a point of no return. Can you help me out? That's what I get. Do You, do you have a camp? Because that, that'd be cool. I need a camp. I need a camp. That's a good idea. So what they do call you a bunny? Hopping recovery camp Bunny Hoppers anonymous camp. I need a camp. That's not a bad idea. That is a very good idea. You just gave me an idea. So What they do call you? How, how? How do you break It up? Oh my God. They be upset. Like Dr. Uma, you taking a white girl to the prom? And, I thought that was it. No, no, no. She's living with him in his dorm. No, no, no. They about to move in together. No, no, no. She's pregnant now. What can I do? Dang. And the first thing I say to the black mother is, are you sure you did not model love or addiction to whiteness before your son?


Because many of these mothers who have an issue with this son, with the white girl got blind hair, blind weave you. You see what I'm saying? Are the green contacts, like I'm looking at how you present yourself. You look like you're trying to be a white girl. So if the mother is imitating whiteness, why wouldn't the son be attracted to it? Because your first love affair is with your mother, not sexually psychosocially. So therefore, if I see my mother imitating white women, are you not indirectly through your behavior suggesting that I date white females. So I think a lot of black mothers have to really check themselves with regard to how they're modeling the fact that they believe within themselves as a woman, that white women are more attractive.


And, I. Wanna ask you something Columbus short says since we talking about that? Sure. He said he, he got some heat for saying that black men are dating outside their race because most black women are raised by single mothers and absentee fathers and taught a don't need a man mentality. What? What are your thoughts on that? Well, here's what I would say to my brother, Columbus short And, I'm a fan of his. Are we not all victims of the systemic oppression and injustice that racism has introduced into our community? So just as you have black women who didn't grow up with their father, you have black men who didn't grow up with their fathers or their mothers. In other words, why is it acceptable for the black man raised by a black woman without his dad to reject a black woman raised by her mother without her dad?


I think sometimes black men can be guilty of a double standard where we want a perfect offering when we ourselves are not a perfect offering. And to that point, I think black men need to recognize the fact that one of the reasons we have so much conflict with black women is because we don't operate on a masculine platform with our women all the time. We tend to operate on a female platform, for example, when a woman gets angry, rather than you trying to understand your queen non emotionally. So you can't have both people in a relationship with a low emotional iq. Mm. Because if both people in a home, if If, you and your wife both have a low emotional iq, If, you and your wife both have a low emotional iq, y'all gonna argue over everything because nobody says, I am not going to emote over this.


I'm not gonna deal with this with feelings. I'm gonna use reason and intelligence. That's what the man is supposed to do. Yeah. But guess what we do raised by single mothers? Many of us, we reflect right back to them that emotional trauma that they throwing on us. So in essence, you have two females arguing, although one is in a man's body. Mm. Black men have to start being masculine and less feminine. All this cattiness, this back and forth between black men and black women on the internet that is feminine and feminine masculinity don't operate like that. Masculinity wants to understand where a woman is coming from. Masculinity wants to then intervene, study himself, evaluate his behavior, and try to level up to where she needs him to be.


But arguing back and forth with women as a man, that's anti masculine behavior. What we really need is some testosterone shots. We need more testosterone because black men are mimicking female behavior emotionally, and they're not even recognizing it. I know A lot of women who have high emotional IQs who don't get caught up in the petty back and forth either. Yes sir. Yes sir. But normally, more often than not, it's supposed to be the male. Sometimes the woman does have that, which is good. But that also speaks to the fact that the women are becoming more masculinized and the men are becoming more effeminized. Not in terms of sexuality, but in terms of personality. The way that we are engaging each other and the back and forth male female thing. If we wanna get real basic about it, you're dealing with two traumatized people who have not healed themselves, and now they're trying to make a healthy relationship.


Two unhappy people cannot make a healthy relationship. It is impossible. You cannot get water from oil. You can't get oil from water. If she's traumatized because her father abandoned her and he's traumatized because his mother chose her second husband over him. You got to deal with those unmet childhood issues. Most of us are still dealing with unmet childhood issues, and we're given the responsibility to our partner to heal us from demons that can only be healed with our parents. My wife can't undo what my mama did. I got to work with my mama. Your husband can undo what your daddy did. You got to work with your husband. But because we don't want to go back into the pain because we've often eliminated those people from my lives.


We just say, You know what? I'm gonna have to work on this with my husband. I'm gonna have to work on this with my wife. They can be a support for you, but they can't be the solution. Ooh. We have too many spiritual vampires floating around the black community. These are emotionally toxic people who don't present themselves as they are to the opposite sex. They present their social self, their psychological mass, and you don't realize who they really are. Envy in Charlemagne until somebody gets pregnant, y'all move in together, get married, or get engaged. The whole time y'all were dating, it was perfect. You see, I've been dating my queen for 10 years. We never had an issue get married, divorce than six months. You know why? Because once y'all moved in that house together, your ego no longer wants to lie to her. Envy, your ego no longer wants to lie to her charlamagne, and her e ego doesn't wanna lie to you.


So now you start seeing things that you never saw 10, 20 years when y'all were dating, because in close proximity, the ego drops. Its mass. Damn, Dr. Who I ain't playing today. Listen, let's get to it. There's a lot of things to talk about. Do you think President Biden should step down? Do I think President Biden should step down? I got a couple answers to that. On the one, on the one end, presidents don't make the final decisions anyway. So because they are puppets, it really wouldn't matter if he stepped down or not. However, from an optics perspective, his showing against Donald Trump and that debate didn't look good at all, even though they only three years apart. Right. On the flip side, I'm not too sure the Democratic party is ready to anoint Kamala Harris as quote unquote commander in chief.


Because as You know, in the post Barack Obama era, the last thing poor white America wants to see is another black person as commander in chief. So I don't think they necessarily wanna go that route. They don't have to. There's others as well. But at the end of the day, both men are extremely up there in age. Because I don't want to be a senior. Shamer If. you would. Right? Right. Because seniors are just as capable intellectually, many of them as those of us in our age bracket. At the same time, they're still the two oldest men to ever run and rerun for president of the United States. But You know what, doesn't that also speak to the weaknesses in both parties? That's right. If, if Joe Biden is the best the Democratic National Committee has, if Donald Trump is the best, the Republican National Committee has, what is that saying about the talent Y'all incubating?


That's right. That's right. So what do you think about You? know blacks loving Donald Trump so much, shaking his hand, kissing his, kissing his hand, rubbing his back, saying we support him. What do you, what do you think about that? Slave master syndrome, white Jesus syndrome. We don't care if the white Jesus wears red or blue. We don't care what side of the aisle that they're on. You know black America suffers from battered, battered spouse syndrome, envy. And what battered spouse syndrome speaks to is the fact that no matter how bad you beat me up, if I believe I need you in order to survive, I'm never going anywhere. And part of our problem, part of the equation to our problem as American Africans, while we don't do anything on our own, is we are often waiting for the great white savior to come. This is a message that has been rehearsed for us in church.


We get it in the media, we get it in the black community. So black people will never, ever abandon their hope of a white savior coming to save them. Donald Trump has no record whatsoever of saving black folks. When people ask me, who you going to vote for at this point, neither one of them are going to get my vote. I considered Cornell West 'cause I love Dr. West. Intelligent, strong, good natured. But he's a bunny hopper, so he can't get my vote. Now, when I come back to Donald Trump and Joe Biden, I look at the fact that Donald Trump signed 13 federal death executions while he was president. More than half of 'em was signed after Joe Biden won the election. Think about that. Now, Biden gets elected in November, sworn in in January.


Between that time, Donald Trump executes half of those 13 people. Five of them were black men, and two of those black men were presumed innocent. And their attorneys had introduced a stay of execution to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court turned them down, and Donald Trump executed those brothers. So when I hear black men say, I'm voting for Donald Trump because he's gonna bring more money and economic vitality into the black community, I say, what about the fact that he's out here killing black folks? You understand? Without no remorse at all. Hmm. Signing those type of federal death warrants, two brothers was murdered within 24 hours of each other. One of 'em was 40 years old, and he was the first person to be murdered in 70 years for a crime he committed as a teenager. And on one of those cases, about six of the jurors said they would've changed their decision on the death sentence had they knew the information that the prosecution had withheld from them.


That's why the attorney wanted to stay of execution, to give the the defense time to reformulate an argument in Supreme Court, snow Bunny, Clarence Thomas. And that crew said No. And Donald Trump signed his life away. So you got to look at that. You also gotta look at the fact that Donald Trump wants to give police a hundred percent immunity. That's right. Wait a minute. Look how they're killing us now. So now you're telling me that anything the police do in their line of duty, they cannot be held accountable for making bad mistakes than bad decisions. And you wanna put that back in office? That's thirsty. Black men worry more about money than the lives of their people. That's Right. The the Supreme Court is corrupt. Yes. And illegitimate. Absolutely. How come enough people not talking about that? Because I don't think they understand the tripartite nature of American.


So-called democracy, the Supreme Court, the President and the Congress, they actually have equal weight, right? Well, they did. But now what the Supreme Court just did was they gave the President a few days ago absolute immunity from criminal prosecution for decisions made in office and carrying out his constitutionally protected duties. That's very dangerous because what that says is the President can never go to jail even if he commits genocide, if it was done in an active office. So let's say hypothetically Donald Trump or Joe Biden sends the National Guard into New York, quell a black protest. And the National Guard, God forbid, ends up executing 5,000 of our brothers and sisters who are protesting peacefully, even though it was ordered by the President of the United States.


He cannot be held accountable for that. Why? Because he did it in discharging his duties as commander in chief. So we don't no longer have a president, we have an emperor, we have a czar, we have a king. Because what the Supreme Court just did is said the President is beyond reproach and the President is beyond the reach of the law. Dangerous. Yeah. And. I feel like enough people aren't having that conversation. They're not having that conversation. It's Weird to me. Like I, I understand You know talking about Biden and his bad debate performance. I get it. Yeah. I even understand talking about Project 2025, even though it's a hypothetical. But this is happening now. Yes. And nobody's having A conversation. And for black folks, it don't matter if it's Trump or Biden, the bottom line is the president of the United States, none of whom have ever been friends of a black community, will have the ability to do what they want as long as it takes place within an execution of duty.


They cannot be held criminal liable. Now here's my thing. I wonder what are the repercussions of that on The World Court when you're dealing with genocide in the Geneva Convention? So are you saying that the President of the United States cannot be held criminally responsible for crimes of genocide against humanity that goes against the whole Geneva Convention? So I'm wondering what the UN and what The World Court has to say about the Supreme Court's decision? What are your thoughts on Donald Trump currently in in particular, the agenda that is Project 2025? The Project 2025 reminds me a lot. Remember the Newt Gingrich contract on America back at the turn of the century? It kind of reminds me of that. It is very dangerous. But when I look at Project 2025, a lot of it is already being carried out.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You follow? So they wanna eliminate the Department of Education. I think we talked about this probably my first visit to The Breakfast Club, where I spoke of how the US Constitution does not give your child a right to an education. The word education is not in the Constitution, but many people feel like educational taxes or their taxes that go to education is too burdensome and cumbersome. And they're saying, why do I have to pay school tax when the Constitution doesn't even give nobody a right to get an education in the first place? Mm. So why am I paying for this? So a lot of people want to phase that out. Remember, when you go to white America, half of white America either don't have school aged children or don't send 'em to public school anyway. So it wouldn't completely blot out the school tax.


Not only that, the money that still remains, they wanna redirect it, the chart, not charter schools to private schools and parochial schools, which to my understanding is a violation of the separation of church and state. How can you get public money to the Catholic school? But that's what they wanna do. They also wanna shut down social security. They also wanna completely eliminate all diversity, equity, and inclusion laws and bills. But I gotta say this though, because the Democrats are pretty hypocritical. Because when you look at what Governor DeSantis is doing in Florida, and when you look at the fact that you got 18 states that have already passed laws to eliminate all diversity, equity, and inclusion program, that's a third. Right? Why aren't the Democrats pushing back against it?


Governor, excuse me. President Biden was reportedly, reportedly stated that he will not push back against the Republican effort to eliminate our DEI programs. So doesn't that make you complicit in the removal of the DE? I see what the, what the Democrats do that black people tend not to catch on is they'll let the Republicans play the bad guy. That's right. Because they can't afford to lose the black vote. So although we don't support DEI ourselves, we're not gonna be the ones to front this. We're gonna let DeSantis and the other mavericks go out and do this. But guess what? We're not gonna push back against it. So it looks like it wasn't us, it was you. Because silence in the face of injustice is complicity. And that's why, as far as I'm concerned, the Democratic Party and the Republican Party are two wings on the same bird.


And the one question we never have, when are we gonna organize the black vote before we vote? That's right. If. you notice everybody tells us to vote. The politicians, black businesses, the fraternities, the churches vote, vote, vote. The Urban League, the NAACP Congressional Black Caucus. Vote, vote, vote. Why do you think nobody never says organize the black vote before you vote? So we vote as a block. So politicians know we're doing this as a people You know why. If we voted as a block envy, we could hold people accountable. See, if I vote as a block, I can hold Eric Adams accountable. I can hold Brandon Johnson accountable. I can hold Kamala Harris accountable because she know we went to the post as a people united and won this. But when you vote as individuals schizophrenic, disorganized, black votes, who you gonna hold accountable?


Envy. The man could do what he want. You voted alone. You didn't link your vote with, with nobody. What can you do to me when you say you go to Joe Biden? What you gonna do about police genocide? What can you do to me? You voted by yourself. If. you notice If, you political power is all about mass organization. If. you are not organized. Your vote only matters to the person you're electing. It'll never matter to us. Why do, why don't you think we have organization? I was watching, I, I can't remember. I think it was maybe Godfrey Godfrey was talking about we just can't organize even as organized crime. Like there's the, the Russian mafia. There's the the Chinese mafia. Yes sir. Yes sir. There's the the Irish Mafia. Yep. There's the Italy, the Italian mob. But there we can't organize together. Why do you think that is legally any illegal?


Yes, you're absolutely right to your issue with crime. Take the Italian mafia back in their heyday. No women, no children, no elders. If, you kill one. Even by accident. We take your life. That was the rule. But in the black community, you could hit the elders, hit the kids, hit the pregnant women. No rules, no consequences. Self hatred, Petty differences, and the indoctrination of white supremacy, meaning most black people feel the only people they need to be accountable to are whites. They can never answer to a black person. This is why If, you talk to any black supervisor or black manager, they'll tell you they get more hell from their black employees than their white ones.


Because whenever we see black authority, we rebel against it because we've been trained to believe that black people are worthless. And If, you yourself is worthless. How much more worthless will be your authority over me? Until we do something about the collective self-hate of African people, we will never change anything else. It is the psychological crutch of self hate that keeps us where we are. We are $2 trillion people. Why are we waiting for reparations? Don't get me wrong. We're entitled to reparations. But why are we waiting on them with that type of money? It makes no sense. It's because we do not believe in working together. We would rather wait on right supremacy to change itself before we change ourselves. I don't know if we can ever reverse the self hate that We have for each other.


We can. But you gotta start with the children. Here's the problem. We are raising the children the same way we were raised. You see that? I look at the way these, somebody just sent me the video the other day of three girls stomping out this crossing guard. I mean, stomping her out, tried to kill her. I don't know what happened. Tried to kill her, right? Where did the children get that? Where did they get this thing to self-destruct crash out on each other. They're taught it in their homes. And this is why when I first conceptualized the FDMG Academy, I said, I want a residential school. I don't want 'em to come home. You know why? Because I know the sickness is in the home. This is not in your DNA. It's passed down intergenerationally from grandparent to parent, from parent to child. So if we want a new mindset, if we want a new consciousness, if we want a new program or platform, you have to train the children.


There's an African proverb that says, whenever a new black baby is born, that's a message from God that he hasn't given up on African people yet. But until we start doing something with the children differently than what was done with us, nothing will ever change. It starts with the next generation. I see you You know the Frederick Douglas, Marcus Garvey Academy out there. Yes sir. I see you in the building all the time. Yes sir. You know And. I saw you. They still saying where the school at? Yeah. They still saying where the school at? I Everybody knows where the school Is. Yes. Yes sir. You can't miss it. You just was asking for something. What was you just asking for Somebody to help us with the floors. With the floors. Yes sir. We got, we got. So last time I was here, remember I was still struggling with the hvac. Remember that? So the HVAC is done, plumbing is done. All the systems repaired.


Now it's superficial. We gotta get the the doors done. We got some doors that gotta be replaced. We got another layer of paint. So we gonna do one more paint day. And then we got 11 floors where we took the old rugs out. We got to cover them up, right? So in fact, coming here, one of the good sisters who assisted Jennifer outta Trenton, shout out to her and her husband,


State. Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious heating for eight in available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other, making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent. Perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KNI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's knicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Been she has an uncle who does floors. So I'm gonna meet with him this weekend and see what type of price he can give. Also met with some other brothers who do floors and the prices wasn't too bad You. know what I mean? So once we do that last layer of coat and do them floors, we applying for the certificate of occupancy. You think that's gonna be hard to get? It could be because in talking with some of the businesses in the neighborhood, they're telling me that they've had to wait months before the city came out to do they inspection. This is what they saying. I don't know if it's true. They say, doc, you might got to wait a minute. And because you are who you are, they might try to nitpick you too. So I'm just going to You know hope for the best You. know what I mean? But cautiously understand that because they never thought we would finish. This could be a little bit of a push.


I just hope it don't get to the point where I gotta have a protest. You follow me? I hope it don't get to the point where we gotta drag the city into court for discrimination against us because they never thought we would finish and we done You. know what I'm saying? And. I gotta thank y'all for that 'cause y'all helped me get the word out You. know what I mean? So we there. And so guy willing, I believe if they don't take forever to inspect the building, hoping we get these floors done quickly, we should be able to have our inspection before the end of the summer. Are you concerned that some of these Negroes, because that's, that's been the only thing they can come at you with Dr. Yeah. Dr. Omar don't got the school. Not got the school. Now that the school is here, the school is almost done. Do you think that some of these Negroes are gonna be protesting the most? Yes. Because they're not gonna stop now that I'm open.


They gotta move the goalposts. Right? That's right. Now it's how many kids, what does he teach and how many, they're never going to stop because the motivation is it's, it's slander. See, in the beginning I thought the motivation was true. I thought people who questioned me sincerely just wanted to know, are you scamming us? And then when I started breaking everything down and showing 'em how I'm not scamming them and we ain't even spent no money 'cause we ain't found no contractors, then I realized this ain't about the truth. This about slander. I just wanna be entertained at my expense. And so people say, well, why haven't you been more transparent? I've been too transparent. Every time I come up, I tell you where we at. What problems we got You. know what I mean? How much more money we need. This is what we going through. In fact, I think I've been too transparent When we open up the next school, I'm not gonna be that transparent.


Y'all see it when it opens, no matter how long it takes. But I felt the need to be transparent because I didn't want to lose my loyal supporters. Because remember, most of our FDMG donors, they are repeat donors. Very few people have only donated one time. These people who are questioning me, they've never donated at all. Ain't got children going to the school, don't live nowhere near Wilmington, Delaware. You understand me? So they're just doing this for, for kicks and giggles. Right? The YouTube being struggle streamers. They will slander my project struggle. These YouTube being struggle streamers. That's what they are. YouTubeing struggle streamers. They will slander them. Our project to get an extra 100 views. Literally, you go to, they pay you. You did all that for a hundred views.


You thirsty struggle streamer. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? So my thing is don't even feed him. Stay focused on the work. I was gonna ask you, what were your thoughts on, on Diddy and everything that's going on with Diddy? We know what he did was, was horrific. Yes. But what are your thoughts on everything that's happening with Diddy? Yes Sir. That's all you said. If Kathy was dark skinned, it wouldn't, wouldn't even be the Absurd. I believe that absolutely horrific indefensible. But the response from the black community envy in Charlemagne, I believe it's somewhat hypocritical. And the reason I say that is 40% of domestic abuse victims are black women. Black women are being beat on by, on a regular basis. The femicide rate for black women is going through the roof.


A black woman is three times as likely as any other woman to be murdered by her lover, black or white. Y'all saw what happened with the sister in Milwaukee. 19-year-old black sister. What about a month or two ago? Went on a date with a 33-year-old Caucasian man. He killed her, dismembered her, spread her body all over the city. This is recent. And then you had a little 17-year-old sister down in Cape Corral, Florida. She walking back from the movies with her two friends and a white boy just pull over, gets out the car and murders her and broke daylight. And I ain't got to show you all the murders of black men. What we're doing to our own women. I just saw one the other day with a brother killed his children. Killed the woman killed himself. Those are not typically black crimes.


We don't normally do that kind of stuff. We don't crash out like that. But we are now because the spiritual foundation of African people and the emotional wellness of African people is beginning to erode because we have bought into the ideology of material consumption that American capitalism has pushed on us. And we believe being happy and being whole and being psychologically healthy means owning and earning. So we equate health, psychological health, which, how much do I make and how much do I earn? And how much do I own? And that is not the foundation upon which African spirituality rests. We are a people where relationships are the most important thing to African people relationships.


Not what you earn, what you drive and what you wear. But we bought into that. And as a result of that, we are suffering from a spiritual famine. We are a spiritually famished people. And we're not recognizing it. And this is why rich blacks, as well as poor blacks are equally likely to commit sui suicide or crash out on somebody else and take their life. So my thing is, when are we going to get back to valuing relationships and people more than the things that we own? That is a very big problem with us. So back to, to Diddy. What, what, so what's your thought back to Diddy? It's hypocritical envy because when I look at the amount of black women who are abused in the community, And I.


Look at the amount of black people who turn the other cheek to this being a therapist. I see these things, black women being abused in the church. They're being abused in the temple. They're being abused in the mass J they're being abused in the college. Teenage girls are being abused in their homes by their boyfriends. So I see all these black people snapping out on Diddy as they should. He was wrong. But you didn't snap out on your son when he smacked his girlfriend up in front of your face. You didn't snap out on your brother when he choked out his fiance. You didn't even, you didn't snap out on, on, on your husband. Well, when he, when he snapped out on you. So Diddy can be exposed and humiliated and, and and shamed and embarrassed. But not the men in your life.


When your son beats on his wife, when your uncle, when your cousin, when your frat brother, when when your pastor is guilty of doing the same thing Diddy did. It gets a pass. But when Diddy does it, he has to be exposed. I don't like the double standard that we have. I don't like this hypocritical outrage at Diddy. But we don't see the same thing in the black community. For example, how many domestic abuse shelters have we opened since the Cassie Diddy film came out? If with that outrage, all these single black women being abused with children, right? How many celebrities or regular black people have opened up domestic abuse shelters? How much money have black has black America donated to the fight against domestic abuse in our community?


Go to the Roman Catholic Church. The Roman Catholic Church admits to, they admit to at least 10,000 incidents of sex abuse against children involving over 4,300 pastors or priests since 1950. From 1950 to 2022. Between 10 and 11,000 incidents of child sex abuse. 4,300 priests. Can I ask you a question? If what did he did is so bad, why did we still have 3 million African American Roman Catholics? If we are against abuse, help me understand how this is wrong. But molesting our kids are not, I I I tend to see people care more about issues when celebrities are attached.


Yes. And it, and it makes me feel like they not, they don't even care about the issue. They just care about Yes. Slandering the celebrities. I absolutely agree. I absolutely agree. And to your point that you raised earlier, if that was Lizzo and not Cassie, are we having this conversation? If that was Lizzo, if that was a full figured chocolate African queen doesn't even make the media. And then the other thing fellas, we got, if It's Lizzo Yes. 'cause she's a celebrity. Got you. But if it's just a regular four figure chocolate, right? And, I, And I do believe Cassie's complexion plays a role in this because we do have a light-skinned supremacy issue in the black community. We also got dark supremacy issues as well. But if she's not a mixed race light-skinned sister and not a celebrity, this ain't, this ain't no issue.


This ain't no issue. You know because even in religion, I've seen pastors and EAMS condone violence against women. You. know what I mean? You know. So I think the black community gotta stop being hypocritical. If we're really against domestic violence, let's do something against it. Because I rarely hear celebrities. I rarely hear civil rights leaders. I rarely hear business leaders talk up and out against the domestic abuse of black women. And when black women get domestically abused, it's twice as bad. You know why? Because one, they're being psychologically harmed. Right? And then number two, they can't go to the police 'cause they're gonna be treated like an animal. This is what y'all people do. They can't go to the domestic abuse shelters 'cause white people gonna look at 'em like they less than trash. So the black woman suffers in silence.


And on top of that, what in most states, domestic abuse is a felony. I can't afford to send my children's father to jail. And then when they say Why daddy ain't here, because I told, because I turned them in. So it's very complicated when you're dealing with black women and domestic abuse. And then add to that envy in charlamagne, the fact that most black women don't have a strong social network. They don't have sisters that they can rely on because those sisters are so insecure about their relationship with their man that you can't come take the spare room in my house. You can't come take the basement. You can't come take the Airbnb because my husband might start developing eyes for you. So you gotta stay in that house and keep getting your head beaten by that man. Even though I'm claiming to be a born again Christian, even though I'm claiming to be the most devout Muslim of all time, even though I'm claiming to be the top Hebrew in my community, I'm gonna let your husband keep banging your head in because I'm not gonna risk my husband sniffing for your cookies.


Mm Damn. What are your thoughts? I got so much stuff. I wanna ask you, what are your thoughts on the WNBA in particular the the Kaitlyn Clark Angel Reese Battle For, here's the thing, my thoughts on Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese. First of all, much respect to Kaitlyn Clark because to her credit, I don't feel she came into the WNBA acting like she was the savior. I did not get that from her. Not me neither. I got from the white power structure, the snow bunny mafia of the WNBA that they tried to make her the face of the league before she proved herself. And in doing that, they're overlooking black female athletes who are much better than Kaitlyn Clark. Aja Wilson.


I mean, you got Aja Wilson for the Los Angeles ACEs. This is the first woman in WNBA history to score 35 points, grab 10 rebounds and get five stills South Carolina's own baby. You see what I'm saying? So my thing is, how do you jump to Kaitlyn Clark and overlook Asia Wilson A two time. W-N-B-A-M-V-P, the ACEs, they just won the last two championships. They sell out almost every other game. But the entire media's attention is on Kaitlyn Clark, Prodigy of Dawn Staley, Prodigy of North Phillies, Dawn Sterly. Absolutely. 22nd and Diamond. Right. So when I look at, even when we go back to the lady Game, Cox, they won the championship and all the attention went to Kaitlyn Clark. They had a near perfect season. Only lost three games in three years.


Kaitlyn Clark gets all the attention since when They were undefeated last year. Absolutely. And they was undefeated last year. That's right. Since when have you seen the losing team get more attention in the winning team? And then Gail King, Oprah sidekick, she gets on the interview with Dawn Stall and says, what were you thinking? Because we were all rooting for Kaitlyn Clark in Iowa. Iowa got what, less than 2% black students who was voting for Iowa who was rooting for Kaitlyn Clark? We wasn't wishing her no harm, but we was rooting for Dawn Stanley and the Lady Gamecock. The reason I started watching NCAA basketball again because I had a long hiatus, is because of Dawn Staley shame and the Lady Gamecocks. Not because of Kaitlyn Clark and not because of nobody else. So I felt like Dawn Sta and the Lady Gamecocks were shamed.


Were shamed because they didn't bow down to Kaitlyn Clark and give her the white privilege the year before when they beat the Lady Gamecocks en route to losing to Angel Reese and LSU, anybody who saw the game, saw the referees, gave it to 'em, they ripped them off. But of course Dawn Elli couldn't say that. Right. Because they should be accused of playing the race card. But If, you saw the game, they got cheated. So they did everything they could to make Kaitlyn Clark the great white savior. She's not there yet. I think she's gonna be a great player. Right? I think she's gonna have a tremendous legacy. But she's not a top 10 player in the league. Now you take to look at Angel Reese. She's the first player in WNBA history to get 13 straight double doubles. That's right. Not not rookie, period. You see what I'm saying? So it's gonna be interesting when it comes down to the rookie of the year.


'cause You know they want to give it to Kaitlin. That's that snow bunny privilege. But look at what Angel Reese is doing. I could probably settle for a cold rookie like they did with That's what I thinking. Jason Kidd in Grant Hill. Yep. I could settle for a cold rookie, but you're not gonna give it to Kaitlyn Clark and try to ex out Angel Reese And I hate the fact that they tried to make Angel Reese the bad guy. And I hate the fact that so many of our brothers in the sports world kind of parroted the narrative of the WNBA and charged the black women of the WNBA, were being jealous of Kaitlyn Clark. Y'all jealous of all these attention. And then you had other brothers who say, well, she's the reason y'all got flights now. She's the reason this the how is she the reason when Asia Wilson was doing what she was doing before she got there and there's other women who was doing what she was doing before she got there.


Nobody's jealous of Kaitlyn Clark. They're angry at the racism and the double standard that they are witnessing. You can't expect black women of the WNBA with all the hell that they catch to sit there and watch someone who is not as good as they are, be elevated to a level that they were never put at. It's not fair. It's not jealousy, it's an anger. Because even at this level of, of of society and professionalism and athletics, I still have to play second fiddle to the white girl even when she's not good enough. I haven't seen you hand out lashes in a minute, Dr. Umer. I'm I'm gonna have to start giving some out though. What's what what's your thoughts on Stephen A. Smith? Some, I was talking to somebody the other day.


I didn't see what, what did Stephen a say about oj something about OJ Simpson? He was Upset. I believe that B Oh that ET honored him. Yes. Honored him. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Had him in the immemorial package. Yeah. Yeah. My view on my brother Stephen A. Smith, I vacillate because one minute he'll say something that I say good. Like when they gave Steve Nash the Brooklyn Nets coaching job and, and he said, no black man gets that job with no experience and you gonna coach kd, Kyrie and James Harden. No black man gets that good job, Stephen A and then he'll go right back and do something Kish like this. If BET wants to honor oj, let them honor OJ white people, honor white people who are guilty of things.


Right. And let us be clear, did not OJ get acquitted? He was found Innocent. He was found innocent. So Stephen a, if OJ Simpson was found innocent for the murder of Anna Nicole Smith, I believe the name was, what was the name? Nicole Murphy. Nicole? No. Nicole Smith. Nicole Brown. Nicole Brown Smith. Right. But forgive me, forgetting the name wrong. Yeah. But if he was found innocent in a court of law, how can you come back Stephen A. Smith 30, 40 years later and say, BET was wrong for honoring the man when he was found innocent in court. So you parroting a white supremacist narrative. I need Stephen a to pick a side and stay on it because he floats back and forth. Now, to his credit, at least he does float.


Some of 'em don't even float. They go hard on the white supremacist narrative and stay there, Stephen. A go back and forth. I need him to pick a side because every time I'm proud of him, like Stephen a did a good job that they breaking this down from a racial standpoint to go right back to Kuni. So I just need him to pick a side and stay on it because I don't know where he stands. Well, God, God bless the dead. But some people would say, well now Dr. Omar, you defending a bunny hopper and oj? Great question. I'm not defending the bunny hopping aspect of oj. I'm defending the fact that OJ Simpson is a black man. And when I'm dealing with issues of black men or black people, what they do to one of us, they can do to any of us. And that's why when I look at Jonathan Major's situation, If, you would, he had no business bunny hopping.


But does that mean Hicks' career should have been destroyed over that incident? Absolutely not. 'cause she had a cut on the finger and a cut behind the ear or something like that. So he gets his whole career destroyed. Even though we saw on tv, he ran from the white girl, ran from the white girl, And, I, don't know If. you saw what his lawyer said. Jonathan May Major's lawyer said he got convicted. Not necessarily, and I'm paraphrasing, not necessarily because he abused her, but in defending himself from her abuse, he was too aggressive. What the hell is that? And they found that she was guilty of abuse. But the prosecutor said they didn't have enough information to charge her. Look at that.


So she walks and he gets his career destroyed. That's a damn shame. Even though he's guilty of bunny hopping, I don't wanna see that happen to any black man. 'cause that could happen to me under other situations or circumstances that don't involve a white woman. So even if he's a bunny hopper, I still got to separate that out and look at how the impact of this case can affect all black men. That's right. Got you. What are your thoughts about the, the power that LeBron has in the Lakers organization? 'cause you brought up Steve National, he had no experience, right? When you see LeBron, he gets his son drafted and the hiring of JJ Reddick who's never coached anywhere. Absolutely. What are your thoughts on That? I'm disappointed in black America because I feel like they're attacking Bronny more than JJ Reddick.


I Agree with you a hundred percent. How the hell is Bronny James getting all this heat from Black America? But JJ Reddick ain't getting all this. He JJ Reddick ain. Never won nothing. He ain't win nothing in college. He ain't win nothing in the NBA. He won no MVP. I don't know if he was ever a first team offense or defense maybe once or twice, but he clearly don't have the record of a Sam Cassel. Sam Cassel should have been offered that Lakers job. And if not the Lakers job, one of the coaching vacancies. Look at all these good black assistant coaches out there who are being overlooked for white privilege. JJ Reddick did not earn that position. They gave it to him. But rather than attack that, we gonna attack the 19-year-old kid. I want LeBron to play with his son because the optics of that I think will be very positive for young black males.


And I think it could be a small motivation for black men to do more with their sons and more without boys. So I wanna see LeBron and Bronny on the same court with one disclaimer. If I don't catch Bronny James Bunny hopping no damn more because If, you bunny hopping. I'm not supporting him. Bronny James, I love you young man. But if I catch you bunny hopping, I'm done with you. You're not gonna be a role model bunny hopping. But outside of that, I wanna see LeBron and his son. Right? You wanna see that? That's a good thing's LeBron. LeBron does so much for basketball and the league. He's not the goat. That's Kobe and Mike. But he done so much, much for basketball and the league, he deserve that. Why hate on that? And that's that black male jealousy. A big problem we have as black men is we don't like to see each other win.


And the reason why we don't like to see each other win is because we operate in that European psychological mode of domination and control over everything. See, when I see y'all, I see I And I, my Rast, Farrah brothers who I'll be with possibly for Garvey Day in Jamaica next month. They say I And I, I And. I means that when I speak, I'm speaking as you And I. When you speak, you speaking as me and you when you hurt. I hurt when you struggling. I'm struggling. I And I. It is oneness. But we got so much competition amongst us as black men that when we see one win, we don't think nobody else can. And You know where that comes from. The plantation back on the slave plantation with the manumission laws, the slave master could only free a couple slaves a year.


So If, you got a plantation of 500. All of us wanna be free, but only one can do You. know what that automatically does. Damn, that sets us up as rivals. That sets us up as competitors. And that mindset of believing that only one black person can make it at at a time is the reason why you get so much hate. It's the reason why you get so much hate. It's the reason why I get so much hate. Because we have been conditioned to believe that if DJ Envy is winning on The, Breakfast Club, I can't win somewhere else. If Charlamagne is winning on The, Breakfast Club, I can't win somewhere else. If Dr. Umar opened up his own school in Delaware, I can open up one somewhere else. There's enough room for all of us to win. So why did we get so jealous? 'cause we've been conditioned to think that the minute we get one winner, everybody else gotta lose. And that's what breeds the envy in the hate and the competition.


We are not called Caucasians. We are not Europeans. That's the way we are united. We stand divided, we fall. It's all about I And I. Not me and you. Black men gotta get back to oneness. I wanna Think about, hold on, hold on. 'cause you said something about Bronny that was interesting. You said Bronny, I, I can't remember how you worded it just now, but you said you can't be a hero if he's bunny hopping. You can't be a Hero. If, you bunny hopping. But Kobe, God bless the dead. Right? MJ who you both named? No, I didn't call him role models. Okay. I called him the goats of basketball. Okay. Okay. I can't. And Kobe is my personal goat. I think he's the greatest basketball player of all Time. Okay. I can't hang his picture up in the Frederick Douglas, Marcus Garvey Academy. Damn. 'cause you bunny hopped. I think Eddie Murphy.


I'm gonna say he's the close second to Richard Pryor. But Eddie's so talented. He may have trumped Richard. But guess what? Eddie and Richard are both bunny hoppers. Eddie Got black baby mamas too though. I know. But his wife is, I don't know. I think Caucasian. I don't even know. If. you married? He married. I don't know. Well that last one he was with, okay, she was. You see Dave Chappelle, I love him for his humor. Dave Chappelle ain't married to a black woman. His picture can't go up in my school. I love him. I like him. But I can't hold you up as a role model because in order for you to complete that role model process, your queen got to look like your mother. You see what I'm saying? And so I can't hold him up. I can respect them, I could like 'em. But role model meaning black men is to come in your image, in your study, in your path.


I can't do that. And that's why I'm hoping Bronny James does a bunny hop. 'cause he's gonna get a lot of his father's cache. Until LeBron's credit, he marries Savannah, a beautiful African queen. I need Bronny to do the same thing. And if I could talk to LeBron and Savannah, I wanna know why he took a snow bunny to the prom. I guess because LeBron took a snow bunny to the prom. But I need LeBron and Savannah to work that out. 'cause I love y'all as a great black family. No, LeBron took advantage the prom, they been together to his high school. Why did somebody send me a picture of LeBron with a white girl? This was the other day. They said he took a white girl to the prom. Yeah, I'm pretty sure he took advantage to the prom. I don't know. Well maybe he went on the white girl's prom. Maybe he took advantage. Maybe he went on the white girl's prom. But somebody said he took a white girl to the prom. So I gotta investigate that. But yeah, no bunny hopping. Dang black queen forever. Snow bunny Never.


And yeah, they said, they said, they just sent me on a text. They said, Eddie Murphy is not married. It's just his girlfriend. Okay. Okay. Now let me Ask, what is she? What is she? She's Caucasian. See, She's Caucasian. Eminem. Yes. Can't be the goat because he's white is what She emm said M cannot be the goat because he's white. First of all, my perspective on this issue is not about Eminem. I gotta make this clear. It. It could be anybody. You follow what I'm saying? You could put Macklemore in the conversation or a mc search. No. Caucasian Arab, east Indian, European Jew, Latino, no non-African can be the best of anything that is African because that is our culture.


And you never relinquish control over your culture. So he could be a great lyricist if they were to say he's one of the best lyricists of all time. They can say that if they want. But you ain't no goat. You don't put a white person over something that we created that has roots going all the way back to ancient kimmet. If. you gonna give that over to a Caucasian? That's not fair. You do not do that. There's too many black MCs who are better than Eminem. Lyrically who, if you're gonna go goat status, you need to consider. But Eminem and a lot of them who are saying this are only saying this because they're hoping Eminem. Throw 'em some money, throw them a cameo. I don't think they're really speaking out of their truth. I think they're speaking outta their desperation to get put on by Eminem. But I was very disappointed in seeing all these black males come out against me in defense of Eminem.


I think they all went to law school overnight and got a law degree because they put on some of the best soliloquy I've ever seen. And. I ain't gonna call they names, but I'm disappointed in 'em. 'cause some of 'em I like. They're my favorite artists, right? And I'm like, come on bro. You don't feel the need to protect your culture from nobody. And I'm seeing them defend Eminem without his request, without, without a requirement, without being paid. And You know what bothered me. I've never seen none of them rappers who defended Eminem against me. I've never seen them defend black women like that in public. I've never seen 'em speak out against domestic violence like that. I've never seen 'em speak out against disrespect towards black women in public. So you will go to war for a white man. Here we go. White Jesus syndrome again, I gotta defend my savior. You'll go to war for Eminem, you'll go to, for Kaitlyn Clark, you'll go to war for JJ Reddick.


And you'll never lift your voice up to protect a black woman in public. Kendrick Lamar versus Drake. Here's my issue with Kendrick Lamar versus Drake. First of all, shout out to Kendrick. I think he's one of the more socially progressive rappers. Absolutely. I don't see him worship and materialism like so many of the rest of 'em do. I like Kendrick. And when he brought those brothers together to celebrate without any violence, the whole community loving it. I thought it was beautiful. Shout out to Kendrick. But Kendrick, I need you to keep that same energy when it's time to fight against gentrification in Los Angeles. Because black people are being displaced in extreme numbers in Los Angeles, Compton, south Central, or Long Beach, all in that area.


So don't just bring out people together to party and to support your beef with Drake. Bring them together.


State. Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other. Making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent. Perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing, Inc. Member Finra, And. I. IC not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Whether the protest to March into organize against gentrification because there is a Mexican bourgeoisie, white bourgeoisie click in LA that is working together against black people. I'm gonna say it. The Mexicans and the Caucasians, not as a group, but their elites and their leaders are clicking up and working against black people in Los Angeles County and surrounding areas to push us out the neighborhood. Black incarceration rates in California are some of the highest in the country. Kendrick Lamar. Why don't we organize against that? We see organize the higher some of our young people organize to build a school, organize to build a hospital. I like what he did, but don't tell me you only did that to celebrate the beef.


You understand? Use those brothers, bring them back together and achieve something systematically to help our people out. Same thing. Go for Drake. You in Canada, black people in Canada struggling. I got a lot of supporters in Canada. We talk all the time. I'll be going to Canada next month or maybe three months from now. But nonetheless, they catching the same hell. Miseducation, mass incarceration, gentrification, police genocide, economic apartheid. Drake, are you thinking about building a school? Drake, are you gonna open up a supermarket? Drake, are you gonna open up a farm and teach these young kids how to farm? Same thing for Kendrick Lamar. Y'all got the money to do it. I'm not pocket watching. But don't bring those people together just to party. You got to bring us together to do something. 'cause what you're doing is you're playing on people emotions. Black people see Crips and Bloods coming together.


Shout out to both of 'em. Piecing it up, working together. Enjoying ourselves with Kendrick. That was good. We need the social. We need a break. We need a release. But brother, we also need political progress. We also need economic structure. We also need social progress. So don't just limit it to that. Take it to the next level. And. I. Do gotta say this on that note of the whole Eminem being the goat. You gotta have boundaries around your culture. When I saw Rick Ross got swung on by that Caucasian, that bothered me because here you have a black artist being swung on by a Caucasian who also believed was an artist, but it was over to Drake beef. We have allowed non Africans to get so comfortable in our culture that they would step to an artist and swing on them in the name of a beef that is all black that ain't got nothing to do with them and feel completely comfortable swinging on a black artist.


That should not be acceptable. Well, Not all Black. Say that Again. Not all black. What do you mean? Because Drake's not all black. He's half black. Well there's really no such thing as half. Okay. He's a black man with a white mother. But to what I understand, well, And, I. And I. Guess this is controversial because I believe Drake always identified as black. That's what I saw. I don't follow him heavy, but that's what I saw. I'm hearing people say he didn't necessarily always can say It was cosplay. It was It was cosplay. What you mean? Meaning that he was pretending to imitate black American culture in order to Drake. Drake was, I saw that now when? When was that in his life? It's not acceptable. But was that Risa? Was he a kid? I think, I think more so when he became a rapper. As you've seen him evolve You.


know what I mean? Okay. Because You know. Remember originally they had the video where he had the bar mitzvah in the video. He was just a a cool Jewish kid. But over, I see what you saying. But over years you But he was always black. See him evolve. He Always black. He was always he Okay. So he never, I dunno know If. you ever claim to be black American though? I never heard that from Drake. Okay. So I mean you can't be black women can't have a black idea. So we dunno if he ever said I'm mixed race. I'm not black, I'm mixed race. I've never heard Drake say he's always claimed his Jewishness always. Yes. Yes. He's always claimed. Yeah, he's always claimed that. Yes. Okay. So he's always been unapologetic about the Jewishness. Absolutely correct. But not necessarily unapologetic about being black. I haven't heard that. Well Then he needs to clarify that. I think he been, I would need Drake to clarify that for me. I think it's been both you You think.


I think he's been Black, but he's also said that he's Jewish. I don't have a problem with him saying that. 'cause he don't have to renounce his mother to be a black man. You follow what I'm saying? But I need him to be unapologetic about his blackness. And if he's more unapologetic about being Jewish, then he is about being African. Then I can't consider him one of us. He gotta clarify that for me. Right. I'm working from the assumption that he's made it clear that I'm black. And I know that's who I am. If he ain't made that clear, then I need some answers from Drake. Which means Kendrick is justified in his criticism. Not like us. He told Kendrick, he said, yo you, you always rapping like you wanna set the slaves free. What's Wrong with that? Drake said that? Yes. In one of the dish records said, I didn't know that.


Oh yeah. He said, Oh man, Drake. Oh no, he Said, you rap like you wanna said the slave read. That's why Kendrick said on his record, no, once upon a time we all was in chain. Yes sir. The homie still doubled down calling us some slaves. Yes sir. That's why he said that in response to what Drake Said, I didn't know Drake. Oh man. Dizzy Lash is Coming back. Here come the lash Drizzy. Oh no. Okay, I got the table. This one I got some research to do. Drake hit me up. I if this is wrong, I need clarity. My brother, I need clarity. Now I understand where Kendrick came from. But my thing again with Kendrick, love him. Like him. Take this to another level. You have that type of influence amongst our people where you can bring opposing parties together, have fun and enjoy themselves.


Let's build something with that energy. I like that. We can't stop with partying. We have to procreate. Another thing Kendrick said, he said he didn't want to hear Drake say, say the word nigga no more. And you were on Little Yachty's, a Safe Place podcast. And you said that the use of the N word should be outlawed because of PTSD. Absolutely. Post, post-traumatic slavery. Absolutely. Malcolm Jamal Warner was up here. He feels the same way. So, So yes. Nobody should be using it because when I call you an N iga, you don't, you never met me before and Charlamagne said, here come my or Envy said here come mine. Or you expecting to see a lawyer, a doctor, a business owner. When you get the prefix, N-I-W-G-A, are you expecting anything positive to walk through that door?


No. No. There's you see, so the word does not have a positive connotation. And, and, and, and here's the bigger question. Why are we trying to rescue the most racially offensive and derogatory term ever used in the history of mankind? You don't see European Jews trying to rescue the pejorative terms used against them. You don't see Latinos doing that. You don't see Asians show me and other people who are fighting for the right to use the most dehumanizing label in history to refer to each other in a social space. It speaks to the self-hate. It speaks to the fact that we do feel inferior to other people. Because if I didn't feel inferior, there's no way in hell I would fight for the right, for Inmy to, for envy to call me that. Damn. I got a few more questions.


Philadelphia. Well, just in general. Yes sir. What sir, do you think about school choice? Because we saw what happened in Pennsylvania recently where JayZ got upset with Jay-Z. 'cause Jay-Z decided him and Roc Nation decided to You know, be a benefactor to this school choice. Did he change direction? 'cause I don't think he really knew. He's not an educator. So I think Sean Carter thought he was doing something positive. Yes. Did he change direction or did he say, I'm staying with this initiative? I'm Not sure. I'm not sure. Yeah, I'm not sure. Okay. I'm wondering. He he should change direction. Okay. Mr. Carter, remember we met back in 1997. Priscilla Gymnasium, Millersville University. That was me. hov. Anyway, we brought him to the Spring Flame concert. Him and KRS won back when I was BSU President.


Anyhow, I do not support School Choice. I'm gonna tell you why. DJ Envy and Charlamagne and Millionaires, Dr. Umar is not DJ and Envy. Hypothetically got multiple children. So if School Choice is going to give them $10,000 per child, you good with that? You know why you can pay the other 30,000 for your four children's private school tuition? I can't. I'm a working class brother, raising four kids on my own. If the pub, if New York City Public Schools gimme 10 grand or Philadelphia Public Schools, gimme 10 grand or Newark, New Jersey Public schools gimme 10 grand. I still gotta come up with the other 30. I still gotta come up with the other 20. My point is, school choice only benefits middle and upper middle class black families. Most of our kids are raised by who.


They mother. 67%. 50% of all homeless families are black women and their children 50%. Which is why I got to get on Eric Adams and Brandon when we get to The, Migrant, Crisis. But my point is this. How does school choice benefit poor parents? How does it benefit working class parents? I'm barely paying my mortgage. And you see the price of everything has went up. Everything, food, utilities, gas, rent. How am I gonna pay all these bills as a single black mother raising 67% of our kids and still find money to offset the cost of tuition? It's not realistic. School choice is a scam. It makes poor people think that we're gonna give you an opportunity to send your child to a better school. Although we know you can't pay the balance.


Dang, it's a scam. I do not support school choice. So you don't think, you don't think Another thing, don't forget about black boys. DJ Envy. Hypothetically. DJ Envy's son is a problem Child. Charlamagne daughter is a problem child. Even though y'all can afford the tuition, you got a problem. You know why? Because the Catholic school can accept who they want. The private school can accept who they want when they see all them pink slips and your son's record, when they see all those pink slips and your daughter's record, even though y'all can afford it, even though y'all celebrities, they gonna say, get outta here and there's nothing you can do because they independent or they parochial. They can operate like that. Public schools gotta take everybody, not the independent schools. So here's my question. Where are all the black kids? Nobody want going to go. Once New York City becomes a complete school choice district, you see that with shutting down public schools find a private or or or or find a private or parochial school.


Hickle 10 K. But nobody wants your son where he going to go? You see what I'm saying? Yeah. You're basically going to create a massive black male high school dropout academic epidemic. It's not like we don't have one, but it's gonna be mushroomed because nobody has to take your child. So all these A DHD boys, EDD, oppositional, intermittent, explosive, Ritalin, Adderall, Concerta side clerk, me who want them. Because remember, the private schools don't have to have special ed. Catholic schools don't have to have special ed. They ain't got no special class for that emotionally disturbed boy who going to take 'em? Nobody. It's the quickest way to destroy the futures of black boys. I do not support school choice. It's is Republican scam.


Now let's go to the migrant issue. Yes sir. Which everybody Wants to label when, whenever you talk about what the black activists in Chicago are going through or whenever you talk about what black people here in New York are complaining about, they'll say, that's MAGA messaging. How's it MAGA messaging? Black's not. Listen. The bottom line is when Joe Biden got elected, he said he wanted to fast track 4 million undocumented residents to full citizenship. Black people completely ignored it. I spoke on it. I said, do You know why he won fast track 4 million? Because he know he not gonna do nothing for us. We ain't gonna be motivated to vote for him November. So what he's going to do is have these migrants already set up with citizenship so they can replace the black vote that he loses.


The migrants are being put in our communities on purpose, New York and Chicago on purpose because they are what the two blackest cities in America. They're the two largest cities in America. They're the two most politically conscious black communities in America. So if we can wash out the black with the brown in New York, if we can wash out the black with the brown in Chicago, Philly, don't stand a chance. Atlanta don't stand a chance. La Houston, Dallas, Detroit, Chicago don't stand a chance. The migrants are here for three reasons. Replace us at the poll. Replace us at the low low end industry jobs. Right? See, when Donald Trump said during the debate that Joe Biden is taking black jobs and giving 'em to migrants, he was correct, although he didn't say it because he cared about us.


But he's right. When people say, what do you mean by black jobs? Get out your bougie feelings and deal with the reality. One third of black men have a felony. So there's a lot of jobs they will never qualify for. They are mostly what essential workers, warehouse, trucking, security. And a lot of those jobs are going to who? The migrants. So that's what he meant by black jobs. We gotta stop being so sensitive and look at the reality of it. I was reading a report the other day. They said the Latinos taking over, his taking over the construction jobs, they taking 'em over and and the low industry work like your gardening, your landscaping, completely taking it over. They're not the enemy. The problem is black people don't get as much opportunity. So then people say, well, You know white people don't really like brown people like that.


That's true. But You know what the difference is. They don't have the burden of accountability with them that they had with us. We built the country. So every time they look at us and deal with us, the bottom line is, y'all brought 'em here and they built y'all into what y'all are. They don't have to say that to the Venezuelans. They don't have to say that to the Colombians. They don't have to say that to the Mexicans. So although they don't like Brown, they will much rather deal with them than the black. Because with the black, there is a white man's burden that you owed him restitution for 246 years of unpaid labor. Now let's look at what Rie Adams is doing over there in New York. A family of four is getting $1,400 a month. $1,400 a month. Do You know that? That's more than what some of the veterans are getting with a child.


They're getting more money than veterans who served in the military. Damn. Not only that, they're getting free food stamps, free childcare and permanent housing. Although New York City has a black homelessness rate no less than 35%. So you got black people who pay taxes living on the street and you got migrants who ain't paid a single tax in they life eating and living better than the black people who built the country. If I was talking to Eric Adams and Brandon Johnson of Chicago, I would ask them something. What are the Democrat? What is the Democratic Party giving you guys that you're willing to sacrifice your political future to push this migrant agenda? Because I don't see how they get reelected by black folks.


I don't see how. And if your city goes to the migrants, you can best believe the migrants ain't electing no black person to mayorship. So you're literally dying on your sort for the Democratic party. Do You know that New York City has spent one and a half billion dollars on The Migrant Crisis so far? It's projected that this year 20, so 2023 was one and a half billion dollars to take care of the migrant one and a half billion 20, 24 and 2025. They said it will cost New York City 9 billion. Chicago has spent about $350 million this year on The, Migrant Crisis. And that's expected to quadruple and You know what was so disrespectful about Chicago with regard to Brandon Johnson. Remember all them schools, they shut down in Chicago because they said they couldn't afford to to operate 'em.


They opened them up. Not only did they open 'em up, they renovated them, they renovated them, turned them into apartments for migrants. So you sleep upstairs, go to school downstairs. How is it that you ain't got money for jobs for black people? Which is a big reason why you got so much crime. You got all these homeless black people in Chicago, but you can take care of the migrants before you take care of black people. And that's why I'm hoping that black Chicago organizes just like co-founder of the Black Panther party, Bobby Seale did at the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago. Bobby Seale turned up and turned it out with the Black Panthers. I hope Chicago doesn't let President Biden and Vice President Harris come there. 'cause You know the Democratic National Convention is in Chicago.


Chicago, right? August 19th through August the 21st. I hope black Chicago don't let the Democrats come to your city where they have bred this migrant crisis and y'all don't do nothing about it. And I'm gonna tell you who else needs to stand up and show out Milwaukee. Even though they don't have a migrant crisis like Chicago and New York. The Republican Convention is in Milwaukee next Monday, this coming Monday. And guess what? Milwaukee black people are the largest ethnic group. Unlike Chicago is white, Hispanic, black Milwaukee is black, white, Hispanic. But guess what? Milwaukee has one of the worst black male graduation rates in America. So I'm hoping that black Wisconsin goes to that Republican national convention and exercise their first amendment rights to peacefully assemble and protest.


But don't let them come to your city after causing all these problems and let them leave without them hearing from you. They are replacing us America. If they can do it, they're gonna purge black people with brown. Why do you think the New York Regents, did you see that? They said they're, they're gonna stop requiring the Regents examination to get your high school diploma in New York. Isn't that convenient? All of a sudden we get a migrant crisis in New York York and now you don't have to pass the regions no more. You know why? Because we gotta make sure the migrants take all the jobs from black folks. Mm. They're already taking over the social services. They dominated the social services. If you black and hungry and need some food too late. The migrants got it. Same thing in Chicago. You black and hungry need some food, need the job.


The migrants got it. I'm trying to understand how Eric Adams and Brandon Johnson can hand out all these work permits. When you got all these unemployed black men, half of black men in New York unemployed, half of black men in Chicago unemployed. But you got migrants getting jobs. You're holding job fairs for migrants. You're giving out job passes for migrants and You know because of the election fraud. If, you got a work permit. It ain't that hard to get a voting registration permit. But I got a question for Eric Adams. Did y'all see he said that he was thinking about staffing the pools during the summer with migrants because they're good swimmers, right? I saw 50 40% of black teens, 15 to 24, that age group are unemployed in New York. Mayor Eric Adams, how you gonna give the lifeguard jobs to the migrants when half your black kids ain't got no job?


Don't you think you should start with the children that are black people who pay taxes? I really don't understand them too. I do kind of feel sorry for them. I don't think You know. You feel like Black people can't swim. He's buying into that stereotype. Put some money out there. We going swim. We we'll learn. But my thing is I know they know what they doing isn't good for their political future. The only thing I can think of is they're too afraid to tell the Democratic national Machine that I'm not gonna go along with this because You know they can destroy them. I really think they're being forced to sacrifice their career in order to purge their own people from the two largest cities. As people Do want to help and donate for your school, of course. Can you give 'em the information where They can donate?


Absolutely. Also, I just started a new mailing list. So I want all the viewers, supporters to go to any of my social media pages. You could go to dr omar johnson.com. But you can go to Twitter and Instagram at Dr Umar Johnson, Facebook, Dr. Omar Efa, Tunde and TikTok, prince of Pan-Africanism. Click on the bio, click on my link tree and subscribe to the mailing list. I'm gonna start sending out once a month updates because not everybody on social media. Then I get suspended for whatever reason, episode occasionally from going live. So this way I can stay in touch with them. One of the things I'm gonna be doing before the election is I'm going to put together the Bishop Turner National Independent Black Political Movement. I wanna bring all young black voters under the age of 30 together.


Try to get a couple million of us enough to make some noise. And we're gonna demand a meeting with both nominees from both major parties. All right? We're gonna sit down with Trump. Sit down with Biden If. you don't come and have a conversation with us. We're not giving anybody our vote. The black vote only matters if it gets organized. If anybody needs to reach me Consultation with your children Mental Health Evaluation Review, you could text me direct the number been public for 19 years. 2 1 5 9 8 9 9 8 5 8. That's 2 1 5 9 8 9 9 8 5 8. This Sunday. Coming Sunday. July 14th, I believe it is. Yep. It's 14th. Yep. Okay. From 10 to six. There's a free black book giveaway.


Bring your Children. They're giving out free books for children. Source of Knowledge bookstore. 8 6 7 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. Source of Knowledge Bookstore. Sunday, July 14th. 14th, yep. 10 to sixth. I will be given it's outdoors on the street. Vendors food. The whole thing is free. I will be given a talk to parents on navigating the special education to prison pipeline. Navigating the A DHD, the psychiatric medication pipeline. So it's going to be a free talk. If, you need help for your children. Bring your psychological evaluations, bring your IEPs, bring your behavior plans. It's gonna be a free review at the source of knowledge bookstore in Newark this coming Sunday.


10 to six. I speak at two. Three quick points for our parents. Number one, the younger your child is, the less likely you should be getting them evaluated. The younger the child charlamagne, the more likely we may misdiagnose. Three years old is too young for autism evaluation. Four years old is too young for a DHD. Five years old is too young for a reading disability. The younger the child, the less items we can ask them anyway 'cause they're so young. So you don't get a good read. I need black parents to slow down and my Afro-Latino parents, slow down. Stop getting your children evaluated so quickly. The school wants them tested quickly, envy and Charlemagne y because special ed begins at age three, which means they can start getting the money at age three.


Special ed is age three to 21. So when your child goes to preschool and they're not talking too good or not walking too good, first thing they wanna do is get an eval. Slow down, give my child a chance to show me what he can do. Because If, you go looking for an evaluation, you're going to get a diagnosis because that's how they get paid by giving out the diagnosis. Notorious BIG said what? More money, more problems. Well in The, World of mental health, more problems, more money. So slow down on the eval. Mm. Number two, do not get your child evaluated for A DHD conduct disorder. ODD. Emotional disturbance or intermittent explosive disorder. I'm gonna say it again. If you're black, do not get your child evaluated for A DHD Conduct disorder. Emotional disturbance.


Intermittent explosive disorder because it only leads to what medication America has no answer for a black or Afro-Latino kid diagnosed with one of them syndromes. They're going to put 'em on drugs and If, you decide to discontinue the medication. Child Protective Services will be called and they will confiscate your children. It's called medical neglect. And it's one of the fastest reasons black parents are losing their children to a foster care. If, you don't plan to drug 'em up and you shouldn't want to anyway. Do not get 'em evaluated. If, you think they too hyper? Go to the health store. There's all kind of herbal concoctions you could put under the tongue. There's a product called Calm Child. There's a product called Be Calm. There's a product called Melissa Supreme where they take herbs that calm down the central nervous system.


But guess what? The herbs are not even gonna work if he's a regular, normal, healthy boy and you're not giving him enough opportunity to release his natural testosterone. A big problem with all of this is boys need to move around. In fact, the research even shows boys learn better envy and Charlemagne when they move. So why are they still sitting still for eight hours when the research set, the neuroscience says, boys learn better when they move because the teachers, the Caucasian nation, the teachers that run the school, they don't wanna move them. They wanna sit in that chair because it makes their job easier. So a lot of times this is not an A DH ADHD problem. It's a ain't no daddy at home disorder problem. It's an artificial diet at home disorder problem. Okay? It is a a, it's an attachment disruption due to home life dysfunction problem as well.


That's number two. Third in my final one. If. you don't understand the paperwork. Call me. Parents are signing off on evaluations. They didn't read. They signing off on diagnosis. They don't agree with If. you don't think your child is retarded? Why did you sign If? you don't think they need special ed? Why did you sign? Stop signing paperwork you don't agree with and you don't understand. That's what Dr. Omar is here. I will make time to look at your paperwork. Stop signing because they signing our kids away into full-time, special ed, and they don't even realize it. And you gotta go to these IEP meetings. If, you gonna put your child in special ed? Take care of your child. I got black parents put their kids in special ed. White ones too. But I'm talking about our community. Put their kids in special ed and never go to a IEP meeting for 12 years.


Now he's about to graduate. Charlemagne, guess what? He can't read. And now you're upset at the school district. He can't read how many IEP meetings you went to since you put him in special ed. First of all, he should have never been in special ed in the first grade 'cause he too young for special ed. But if you're gonna do it, at least look out for the child. We gotta do a better job of protecting our kids from the special education to prison pipeline. 'cause when I go speak, speak in these jails, And I speak regularly in the prisons. I always ask the inmates to raise your hand. How many of you was in special ed? Damn that every hand go up. Black, white, brown, yellow, and white. Every hand goes up. Just about. You see what I'm saying? Special ed causes more problems than it solved. Most of our kids just need a tutor. To that point, how many of our kids are reading books this summer? How many of our kids are going to the black bookstores this summer?


How many of our kids are being taken to the public library this summer to read something? Most of 'em are not. They on this right here. This is destroying academic excellence in the black community. This and for my black fathers out there. I know your son wanna be a basketball player. I know you wanted to be a football player, but if he can't read on grade level, what is he doing in a aau? That's right. If he can't count on grade level, what is he doing in the summer league? You mean? You mean you care more about your son being a good football player, the basketball player. Then in a productive adult, half the black boys in America in fourth grade can't read on their grade level. Half the black boys in America in the eighth grade can't count on their grade level. But yet we pushing football. There should be no video game in your house, no cell phone in your house. And nobody should be in no summer league. If they can't read and count on grade level, we gotta get back to black excellence.


There you have it. Dr. Umar. Dr. Umar Johnson, appreciate you for joining us, brother. Thank you fellas. Thank you. And it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Alright, Wake that ass up In The. Breakfast Club


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing Opportunity@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity. With skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies advises threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Judy was boring. Hello then Judy discovered jump a casino.com. It's my little Escape. Now Judy's the life of the party. Oh Baby Mama's bringing home the bacon. Whoa. Take it easy. Judy Chumba. The Chumba life is for everybody. So go to chumba casino.com and play over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chumba chumba ato.com. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions. Apply website for details.


Ever tried to tackle a home improvement project without making 10 trips to Home Depot? What if I told you there's a way to earn cash back while you shop? Introducing Drop the Ultimate Rewards app with Drop. You can earn free gift cards by shopping in store or online at Home Depot and tons of other stores. Download the Drop app today and use Code Drop three three to get an instant $5 in points. That's drop your Go-to for shopping rewards.