
Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock.


At public.com you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details. Ba, ba, ba.


Are you spending a fortune while shopping on Amazon? What if I said you could earn cash back while you shop? Introducing, drop the Ultimate Rewards app. Whether it's fashion, electronics, or groceries. You can earn free gift cards just by shopping online or in store at tons of your favorite brands. Download the Drop app now and start earning while you shop. Plus, for a limited time use code. Drop one one to get $5 in points instantly.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's First steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15. Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest with us this morning. Yes, indeed. Sabrina Greenley. She has a new book, Grant Me. Vision, A Journey of Family Faith and Forgiveness. And it's out right now. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Thank you for having me. How are you? Good. I feel good. I feel amazing. There You go. Now you are the, the mother of Deandre Hopkins. And man, what a, what a story you have. What a journey, what a life you have lived. Yes. And still living. Yes, absolutely. I'm still here. Now for those who may not know, you were blind, but you weren't born blind.


You actually became blind after an acid attack in in 2002. Yes. I was brutally assaulted in 2002 by a young lady that unbeknownst to me we were dating the same guy. Mm. And I was called to a place by him. One day, And I went out there looking for my car and she came out, called my name, screamed my name Sabrina, and she threw a concoction of bleach and mixed with Red Devil Eye. She threw it on me. 17% of my body was burned that day. I fell to my knees and he actually took me to the gas station about three minutes away, but eventually left me there to die.


What? Mm. Yeah. Why? Why? The gas station like that was just, I think that was the nearest, the closest thing that he could find. But it was, it was just a such a terrifying moment for me. And if it had not been for the gas attendant to You know, call 9 1 1 and get me help, I probably would've died that day. Jesus Lord Have mercy. And there's a man that you were dating that you thought loved you, liked you, and, and cared about you and just left you to to die. Yeah. Yeah. DJ and V he literally was in my life for three and a half months. So of course I didn't know him per se. And we really didn't know each other. But you couldn't tell me that that wasn't my man.


And but You know he was somebody else's man too. Dang. And you never had words with the woman or nothing? You had no clue? No idea. Had no idea she existed. I knew there was, some people existed, of course, You know there were red flags, but I was in a place where I didn't know my worth. I didn't know who I was. And so I overlooked a lot of things. There were a lot of red flags. I mean, the lies, the manipulation. It was super present in the relationship earlier on. Just You know saying he would be somewhere and he You know he wasn't there when I got there. Oh, well, let me You know. Well, I'm here. And it was like, I remember one day I was like, I went to three different places searching for this man, And, I. Look back now. And I'm like, God, You know how, how, how low was I to connect with somebody that You know eventually would have a say in almost You know, taking my life.


Damn. The book is called Grant Me Vision. So in that moment of finding out you were blind, what, what was going through your head? The moment that, of course I was in a coma for a month, and when I came out of the coma, I was on a lot of medicines. I remember them telling me that I would be on 50 different medicines for the rest of my life. Thank God I'm not on any of them now, thank God. But just being blind and coming home to my four children was really, really tough. So even after I got the coma, I was addicted to morphine. I was in therapy. It was a lot of things that propelled me to get to the place I am now.


But just being blind. Think about that. Coming home and You know, at 31 years old, I left the house 12 o'clock, noon day, beautiful day, going to find my car. And then a month later I come back to the same house, the same children and You know I had allowed all these men to kind of come into our lives in and out. And here it is. I'm just sitting there and it's just me and them. Now what do we do? Putting the pieces back together and totally blind. So it was lot of healing that had to take place. And it was scary. Like, I'm not gonna lie, it was, it was terrifying because you are blind and you can't feed your children. You don't know.


You know. It's like it was, it was, I was stepping into unforeseen circumstances that we had never been in. And it was, it was really tough. And then, not only that, but just to sit there. So depression, set in anxiety. I was suicidal for about three and a half years. I actually knew exactly how I wanted to take my life. I had played this out in my head many, many times. How, how old were your kids at at the time? My oldest was 14. Keisha was 14. Marcus was 13. Deandre was 10, and my baby was four years old. So I left my baby girl in the, at the door that day, screaming and kicking for me. She wanted her mama And.


I was like, go in the house. I'll be right back. I didn't come back for over a month. Wow. Who helped you during that time? Because it's, it's You know. When you have family members and friends, it's, it's easy to help somebody for a week or two. But you needed help for a lot longer. So who was on in your corner during that time? I would say there was different people. My mother was there, my father was there. Okay. People was coming in and out. It, there was, it was just not one person. You know how it is. People bring the chicken. Yeah. And You know. And then when the smoke clears, there's no chicken or nothing itself. Yeah. So there were a lot of days that my children, And I were, were just there by ourselves and had to fend for ourselves, to be honest. So they, They had to grow up fast, Had to grow up really, really fast. See their mother in the back room, super depressed, face swollen, eye You, know blind.


And they had to grow up really fast. They had to figure out like how to get to activities. They had to sometimes feed themselves. And as a mother, that is the most depressing thing when you cannot do for your children. Right. Tough. You physically, of course, You know you, you went through something, but you keep talking about the mental aspect of it. So how did you get out of that? 'cause I like, how did you get out of that mental space? There was one day where I was fully in suicidal mode. I knew exactly how I wanted to do it. And I acted it out. So there was, the road was about four houses up. I knew that if I made it to this male, this particular mailbox, And I made it to another one.


I could count the mailboxes. So by the time I got to the fourth mailbox, I, I wanted to throw myself out in the road when I heard a car. And Deandre, he just happened to wake up that morning and he followed me. I didn't know he was following me. He just put his hands on my shoulder as I was getting ready to literally go out in front of this car. Oh, I thought You know if I could hear the car, I could throw my body out there and it just all be over. The pain was excruciating and we never talked about it for like 10 years later. And he put his hand on my shoulder, he walked me back in, into the house. I went in my bedroom. He went in his, we just shut the door. And it was one of those things where it was just so strong that we didn't really want to talk about it.


'cause it was hurtful. He knew what I was going to do. And, I think that was the turning point for me. I was like, how dare I leave these children? Because like the, the mental aspect was just so hard. Like the, the like, just sitting there day after day, having people wait on you. I had people to, I had to, people had to give me a bath. People had to come in and feed me. And so I was just tired of it all. That was my turning point mentally was like, I gotta get it together, because if not these, I'm gonna leave these children. And how dare I You know, leave here, leave them here. Because if people are not coming in to help us now, just imagine what it's gonna be like without me.


Lord Have mercy. How did the conversations go with the kids? Like when you first came home, did you explain to them what happened? Or were you embarrassed to tell them what happened? Or did you wait till they got older? Like, so embarrassed. The shame when you live with shame, it, it can literally manifest and grow as big as you allow it. And so I didn't talk to them at first. It was maybe about four year, three or four years later when I decided to just get up and say, You know what? I need to repair this family. I did this And, I need to get up and just start the process. I didn't know what that looked like. So I began to start implementing curfews. I began to start screaming, shouting. Now the woman you see now, that's all calm.


I wasn't like that then. I was full of anger and bitterness. And so I was You know portraying that onto my children. And I was cussing and fussing and You know, doing the things like that. But I, I needed to instill fear in them because I felt like if I didn't do it, somebody was going to do it. That's right. I didn't wanna lose them to the streets. Right. I didn't wanna lose them to You know society. And I was like, let me do something. And so I began to start sitting them down, attempting to repair my family. And I called them in the room. I have in my memoir, I call it the get right room, where I would take them in, bring them in one by one and just talk to 'em. So they began to tell me later they was like, You know I, we'll do anything.


Keep from going in there, sitting there talking to mama for two hours because it's like, this woman is crazy. She don't care. She ain't got nothing else to do, but You know, but pour into us. And so it began that I couldn't go out. I, I wasn't, I wasn't in a place where I wanted to go out and people see my face or You know these small town, you got the rumors. And so, but I was like, what I can control is my house. You will be in this house at a certain time. And, I. Just remember waking up one day and, and the boys had did something, Marcus and Deandre. So I took all day. It took me hours, but I myself, like her and all bandages and everything, I, I pulled this big TV out of the room.


I took the stereo, I took the door off the hinges. I was like doing anything I could to show them that You know when you do something, there's consequences. That's right. I began to do that. And it just began to me sitting them down. Eventually, all of them And I think what I remember the most Charlamagne is that I would like, Hey, I'm sorry. I need you to tell me what you think, what in your mind you think I did. Because I wanna sit here, And, I wanna hold myself accountable in front of each one of you. And I wanna say You know, I'm sorry. Now I may do something to hurt you again, but it won't, it won't be intentional.


At this day forward, I'm going to set, set You know, set my mind to be a better mother because I have not been, and they needed to hear that. And so You know, at first they were like, no, You know. Mama you, mama you good. I was like, no. Like we need to repair. In order to repair, we have to start from the bottom up. That's right. And begin the healing. And I think it made, it made a better person than me. I began to start healing when I knew that my children were okay and just sitting them down and holding each other accountable. So You know, at first they was like, oh mother, some white people do. No, we ain't, we're not doing this. But I, I kept doing it. Mm. I kept doing it. I didn't wanna lose them.


And, I wanted my voice to be the voice that made a difference in their lives. And I would tell them, I say, you're going to continue your activities and furthermore, what we are going to do is you will not, this will not be an excuse for you not making it. I was, I was, I was really, really strong about that. You know, it's interesting. I I I keep thinking about You know Deandre stopping you when you knew you wanted to complete suicide. Like, was that because he used to hear you talk about it? Or was it just a divine moment where God just put something on him to stop you? Like what made him do that? Recently we were in an interview and he said that he just woke up.


He said it was nothing but God. That woke him up. He went in my room. I wasn't there. And he said, I'm never not in my room. He was like, something's not right. He went in the kitchen and then he turned to the left and the screen door, the, the door was open. He said something. He said, mama's always in this room, And, I. So it was nothing but God. Mm. I gotta ask the question. Right. Reading, the reading, the title of the book. Last thing is Forgiveness. Do you forgive the individuals that were involved with taking your sight? DJ Envy? I had no other choice but to forgive. I have totally forgiven. I walk in Forgiveness. I mean, there's just no way that I could be this person had I not forgiven.


Now, when we talk about Forgiveness, you talk about the process of Forgiveness, right? I'm sitting there and I'm mad, I'm pissed off. I'm angry. And how dare they try to take my life knowing I had these babies to feed. But what I did was I began to humanize her and look at her as somebody that you like, there's no way you could do that. If, you not broken. That's right. And like, something's wrong. And so what I did was I began to humanize her. I began to say her name eventually out loud. I began to pray for her. Now that was really hard. And I. I have this in the memoir where I say You know at first, like the first thing I said was something like, You know I'm just gonna pray for her.


I pray that, God, I pray that you bless her. And everything that she touches turns to gold. That was all. I could mu mutter right at first. And then my prayer got stronger. I began to just pray for her. I knew that day in the courtroom that her son was the same age as my son. So you think about she got a 20 year prison sentence. She's done 18 years of that. She's You know. She's been out for a couple of years now. And just to answer your question, I knew that I had to continue that process of forgiving her. I didn't know what that looked like. Took some time. But I thank God that I did do that because I have forgiven him and her and whatever involvement that he may or may not had in that attack, I had to put 'em together and completely forgive him and her.


Did he get Jail time as well? So he did eventually get a year jail time and one year probation. And it wasn't, it had nothing to do with that. There was a three day jury trial and she was convicted of 20 years. But he continued to stalk me and harassed me. And he got a year prison sentence, a year jail time in a year of probation for continuing to harass and stalk me a year later. So he didn't, even though he drove, drove you to the gas station and, and left you for dead, there was no crime. He didn't get, he didn't get convicted of anything of that. It was one of those things where we had to pick our poison. I gotcha. And so of course all of the animosity and frustration leaned towards her because she did the heinous act.


And so we had to do that. He actually came in every day of the trial and testified against her, but then turned around and started harassing me saying that You took my girlfriend, you took the person I love, I love both of y'all. Yes. I can't make this up. Right. Type of nigga. Yeah. What I can I right. And so he, so the the last straw for, for that situation was he literally called me while I had three police officers standing in my home. And they said, You know, they called his name and he said, repeat yourself. You know you have police, three police officers standing here. His exact words, I don't care.


I'm gonna kill the bitch. Wow. And they went and picked him up and that was when he served a year. A lot of people don't know that You know. It's crazy. Now you Said you forgave one more question. You said you forgave her and you said you were able to say her name and, and pray for her. Has she reached out since then to apologize or have you had a conversation or anything like that In the courtroom that day she had the choice to speak to me and she chose to not to speak to me. And in the three years that she has been out, she chose to go to a blogger by the name Natasha K. And speak out against me. Wow. Yeah. So speak out. Speak out in what way though?


Yeah. How could she speak out against in what way? That it, it didn't happen the way that that that the court records the receipts and everything she's saying it didn't happen that way. I was, I was stalking her. I was jealous of her and the relationship with him. A lot of things that she spoke out about. Yeah. But I, I chose not to listen to it. Of course, I'm very careful about what enters You know into my mind as you should be. And I'm like, You know. I'm in a place now where it You know. I woke up that day when I found out she was getting outta prison. I said, okay, I've been talking the talk. Now it's time to walk the walk. You know. And so IIII just refuse to allow anything negative to come into my mindset.


However, it was kind of hurtful because it's like, or Yeah, yeah. You you still stuck clearly. And You know If. you If you did 18 years at some point. You know reality sets in to where I need to take accountability for, for my actions. And that still hasn't happened, but she's not my assignment. Hmm. That's right. And so I, I chose not to to entertain it. You, You have a chapter in the book called Justice Chapter 17. And You know you, you talk about what happened as far as him getting sentenced, but does or her getting sentenced is the 20 years, did that feel like justice to You? No, not at all. Okay. Not at all. So What would you have wanted to happen? What would be justice to you?


I had to come to grips with the 20 year prison sentence. But of course attempted murder should have been the charge instead of assault and battery with intent, intent to kill. And yeah, that would've been, that would've been better. However, I feel like, I feel like even though all of that happened, I'm just not mad at it anymore because 18 years is a long time to be without your child. I was with my children every single day. Right. I got a chance to instill some values in them that they still have to this day. I eventually got all four of my children into college. So when I look back 20 years and you did 18 years compared to me being with my children, I, I'm not mad at the sentence now.


I was angry then, but I'm, I'm not mad at it now. Did he give you any peace or closure? Oh gosh, yes. Okay. It, the, the three day trial was about a year after the attack. And so I had probably not left my room for a whole year. And I got up, And I went to the three day trial. After that, You know I was waiting on the light switch to come on to be like, okay, You know I got, justice is good. It didn't really happen like that. I was still severely depressed. But eventually it sunk in that this woman is in prison and there is some justice and justice did prevail. Now you mentioned your assignment. You said that wasn't your assignment. What, what do you feel your assignment is?


My assignment, I know without a doubt, is to let people know everything that I went through and everything that they go through there is light on the other side. I wake up now And, I'm more happy than ever because before You know, the Sabrina Greenley was You know, oh, you cute You know you light skinned, you pretty or whatever. But my insides was screaming for help And I. I, I really want people to know that when you take the time to put the work in That's right. To get the, the mental health That's right. Counseling and the therapy. And no matter what it, it is very important that you understand your worth and who you are.


And so when you began to, to do that, oh God, it's amazing on the other side. So all that pain and all that misery that people are still You know, stuck in, when you can just make up your mind and make the choice to say, You know what, I don't wanna be here anymore. Whether you're an abusive relationship or it's just family members. 'cause people, boy people can people be people in. But when you and niggas be nigga, and what, when I tell you, listen, it, it sheva you don't understand and it never stops. You don't. Right. That's right. So it takes, it takes a bigger person to say, You know what, let me handle this differently. Let me have the tools and the takeaways. Like I put in Grammy vision, I, I talk about things, but at the end of every chapter, I'm like, I had to write this memoir with the takeaways of people understanding like how I, how I began to forgive.


You can just say, I don't wanna be one of the people to say you better forgive. No. Let me tell you what I'd done to for, for this Sabrina Greenley today to be out here talking to women and ushering them into their, their process of Forgiveness and being that woman to say, You know what? Look at me. Look at my life. Look at my testimony. I didn't stay there. And this is how you, this is how you not stay down. Do you think it was a complexion thing that she did it because you were the light skinned girl? And, and and the reason I ask And I just wanna say I You know your strength is, is like no other. Thank you. And and the reason I say that is, is my wife, who I've been together with for 30 years, she was cut in the face right when, when she was younger because she was a lighter skin.


She had 50 stitches on her face, 72 stitches on her leg. They tried to slice her up. And when I sit back, And I, try to think about how would I feel and how it would be, it would've broke me. The fact that You know it's your face and how it, it made her stronger and how I'm looking at this and how it made you stronger. And I'm just like the strength that you have. But I was just wondering, do you feel like it was your complexion that that did it? It was that jealousy because back in the day, it used to be this whole thing, light-skinned, brown skinned, dark-skinned thing. And it was like a whole thing. And it And I felt like it divided a lot of us just being black. Do you feel like that was part of it? He's not black though, man. I am black. I'm a hundred percent black. Don't let him lie to you. He's


joking. Friday, the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 central on NBC in Peacock@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try it at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there. You can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going have these with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money, redeem points for cash and other options terms apply.


Your probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back with plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply.


I'm a thousand percent black DJ Envy. I was bad back in the day. Now. I mean, I'm not had bad now, but, but I was But what he was saying is, come on now. What I'm saying is I was, I was fine as wine back in the day. Okay. But, so of course it has something to do with, I mean, jealousy, I think. But now, light skin, from what I'm told, she's light skinned too. Okay. So I, I don't know if that played a part in it, but definitely jealousy. I had just purchased a brand new Lexus You know I had the guy, I was, I was at a, I was dancing at a strip club and so I yeah, I was What? You strip her name? Well, huh? Excuse me. I was just, I'm sorry.


That was a you just talk about niggas. He went right back in the nigga mode. Oh, you serious You know what your stripper name was. My stripper name was, it's, it's, I am it was caramel. Oh, And I have a chapter in Grant, Me Vision called Caramel 13. You have to go to a caramel chapter. I put you in the strip club. I literally walk you in. I put you in there. The ups, the downs, the highs and lows of what a a little black girl from Central South Carolina You know growing up and have went through a lot of things that I won't tell You know. I won't tell you too much, but how I got to be in the strip club and the things that happen while I'm there.


Backwood strip clubs in South Carolina is a different breed. Yes. So back then we wasn't, we wasn't making it rain. We was doing the r Kelly song in the, in the movie You know. It was, it was slow motion. Everything was like sensual and sexual back then. And People only had $20. You go to strip club $20 back Then. Yeah. Now people, it's, it's like that whole, it's a lot. They work for it now. I didn't have to work for it back then. Yeah. Chapter 18 is called Blind Eyes Can't see. And the book is called Grant Me. Vision. When did God give you the vision? God gave me the vision when honestly he gave me the vision when I was most suicidal.


Hmm. He gave me, because what I used to pray for all the time, I used to say, God, give me vision. Give me vision. And I went through this rollercoaster ride of getting all of these donor cornea transplants. And then one would fail and then I get another one. So over time it was like I was getting, I've had over 30, 40 surgeries on my eyes trying to get my, my vision back. But in that moment, I used to just say, You know God, gr You know gimme vision. I just want vision. ID And I think by now. I was like, why wasn't asking for sight, like gimme vision. And it was, it was as though he was there with me all along. I have to give him the credit for that.


But I feel like mostly as I'm coming out, transitioning out of all the, the, the, the drama and the, the depression, it, I was reminded that I I'm going to give you what you asked for. And so when, when that doctor, when I sat in Miami with a really good friend of mine by the name of Humble. And that doctor told Humble me, humble, humble. And he told me, he says, You know this is it my second, my my second opinion. They told me that you'll never see again. This is it. Your retinas has detached. You fought a good fight. Everything that You know I worked for over the years is gone.


All the surgeries, this is, I'm at the last straw, And, I realized in that moment that I, I can't be mad because God granted me my vision. He granted me vision. And this is something I don't know how, once again, You know. It's like I always have this thing. I say, okay, here we go, what's next? And You know. So this is next. I I'm going to be blind for the rest of my life, but what am I gonna do with this? And so the vision that I have now, I feel like no one can I not not feel like I know that no one can take away from me. And how can I be angry or mad when God granted me exactly what I asked for.


I would rather have the vision I have now, going out, speaking and talking to women and showing them what, what the other side of death looks like. He granted me vision. And the vision I have is amazing. I mean, I literally wake up every day And. I'm, I'm full of joy and I'm happy. And of course, let's be honest, I would rather have sight. I mean, who doesn't want to see You know? And it be taken at the hands of someone else. But this is what I have and this is what, this is what I have to work with. And I'm going to continue working again until I can't work it anymore. What, what other what other senses got stronger for You?


You know. They, my my children said I could hear really good. I think that was it. I think, but also too, just being alert and being aware of things like things that surround me. I'm, I'm hyper alert on, on everything around me. So I think all of them may have enhanced You know what's funny about kids You know, I, I got four daughters. It's not that your hearing gets better when you a parent, it's just that when they get quiet, You know they probably doing something. So that's when you just scream for them saying exactly. Well, they probably think start hearing. I'm, I'm no, it's what I don't hear is when I'm like, what y'all in there doing? There you go. You know. There You go. No, I, I think every, everything got enhanced Now.


Now after every touchdown. You know. Deandre gives you You know the football. Talk to us about that energy and the bond you feel when that happens. Like what does that mean for you? It's amazing because of course I can't see, and so the, the very first initial time that he brought me the ball, I was like, I was like, he, he coming where he, he's coming where he's doing what? And he, he held You know. He handed me the ball and it was just the way that he gave it to me. Like he, he, he, he squeezed my hands and he was like, mom, I love you. And I'm holding back tears because I'm like, man, You know. It, it, it just signified everything that we went through, all of the things that we went through that nobody will understand, that went, that went on under one roof for with me and these ch these four children.


And it's amazing. Like I, I wouldn't trade it for The World. And so now of course he's You know he's on his third team. And, I can't always be in the end zone him get me the ball, but he makes sure I still get my balls. That's right. He makes sure. So you got a whole room of footballs. Some are deflated, some are, it's like by like You know he's in his 12th season. And so I, but I still have those balls. And I. Think over time, You know we give him some to family members and things like that. But I have the majority You From Clemson too? I'm, we are from Clemson, South Carolina. No, I say you even from the Clemson, the ball's From Clemon? No, not from Clemson. Okay, okay. No, not from Clemson. It only started when we were in Houston.


Got you. Yeah. So, but no, I'm from Clemson, South Carolina. Proud Bleed, orange corner, South Carolina. Yeah. Born and raised South Carolina. That's right. Let's go. That's right. Now, now you, you have a chapter called Ending Generational curses. What was some generational curses that you felt you needed to break? The biggest one, the most relevant one was keeping secrets. I, man, we were notorious for keeping secrets. And so I think what what stands out the most was when my brother passed away, he got shot by the police in 97. He was in a domestic violence dispute himself.


The three or four officers come in, open fire on him in killing him instantly. And, I'll never forget my father went down there to the room that he was staying in and there was a tape recorder and he came back, he grabbed the tape recorder in his rings that he had got from Clemson. 'cause he was a very prominent football player, Clemson. And he shoves this tape recorder in my hand. And he says, I don't ever wanna You know. I don't ever wanna see this MF thing again. And I'm like, God, You know I'm 20 something. I was like, what do I do? Well, I keep it And I keep it for many, many years. And eventually I give it to his daughter who grew up to be a, a, a prominent lawyer in Atlanta.


But I, that was my way of saying You know what? Like, I want this out. And even talking about it now, I only spoke about it You know now. And my father had no idea, right? I was writing a book. And I was like, like this, this can't, we can't keep this anymore. Like this is, this is going to infest us forever if I don't talk about this. And so I think that was one of the things I put in the chapter. I was like, You know what? Talking about this tape recorder and what he left. I didn't wanna keep secrets anymore. So that was my, that was, I think that was the most prominent thing that I could talk about was breaking generations and curses. And there were many more. I mean, we were in a house like You know you, you don't talk about things and even talk, I was, I was raped and molested at the age of 10.


And I was told, you're not gonna mess up his family. Go somewhere and sit your fast ass down. We are not gonna talk about this. Oh, that It was the, the minister, right Preacher that I was, I was, I was raped by a reverend. Yeah, a reverend Wow. A a family member. He was, he was a family member. And so the like, just exposing those things. Now it puts you on a vulnerable state. However, there are somebody that's going through these things now that needs to know You, know that they need to be talked about. They need to be brought to the surface. 'cause that's the only way that you're gonna heal. Did your family Believe you when that happened? Did they Believe you when you, not At all. It was your Mom, right? Not at all. My mother and my grandmother, they totally did not believe me. How did that change your relationship with them if, if it did at all?


Well, I I, I learned early on that I couldn't trust people. Mm. And then You know And I. I talk about that in the book. There's a, there's a place where I mentioned that 10 year, that 10-year-old little girl died that day. And she was like angry and mad. And then when she awakened You know she was present in every relationship because she was, she was the one that was fighting and cussing and mad and angry, right? She, and she had a lot to do with how I parented my children and the decisions that I made. And so it's just, it was one of those things where I had to really get a grip on and understand that man, like this kid is hurting.


But why You know? Because we were offended. We were hurt. We You know. We, we You know she was molested. All of these things were present in my life the entire time. What I would never understand about stories like that is You know when you go to your mother and you tell her what happened and the mother says, Hey, don't say anything. 'cause I don't want you to mess up his family. So there is some type of protectiveness there that she has. But why don't they have that? Why don't, why didn't she have that for you? Why was she protecting him as opposed to you? I think now looking back, Charlamagne, my mom nor my grandmother had the tools to understand what was going on. And you have to think this probably happened to them Absolutely. At some point.


Absolutely. I didn't understand that then. Like, why wouldn't they protect me and why wouldn't, why wouldn't they believe me? And so it just began a whole whirlwind of me manipulating, deceiving and lies. And I, man, I learned how to lie and just, I was going to get you before you got me And, I didn't care who you were. I took that throughout my entire life just about and not understanding And I. I began to, to not trust anybody at that point. But I still honor them. Believe it or not. I grandma, my grandmama was still my grandmamma. My mama was still my mama. I didn't understand it. But I I, but I love them. I saw you say that the woman you are today, If, you had to do it all over again.


You wouldn't change a thing. Not one single thing. Really Now one single thing. And people, when I say that, they're like, what do you mean you are blind? Like you wasn't born blind. But I take all of that and If you take all of that and, and you mix it up. How could I be this woman today be able to talk, be able to speak out so bravely, so boldly if I had not went through every single thing. So how, how can I be mad at that? And also too, when you purposefully make up your mind that you are going to heal and you are going to deal with depression and anxiety, and you are going to wake up whole, then I have no other choice.


But to understand that all of that had to happen for a reason. Every single moment, every single surgery, every single moment of pain, it had to happen. And, I wouldn't change. Not one single thing. You know what I, I know tra I only got a few more questions, but You know tra traumas are real and triggers are real. And when you're writing a book, You know, and you're, you're having to relive a lot of these things that can trigger you. But also You know the young woman coming home, doing interviews that could trigger you as well. Has have, have you been triggered by any Of this stuff? Absolutely. All of this happen while I'm trying to write the book. Oh Lord. So she gets out while I'm writing it.


She speaks out while I'm writing it and I'm triggered. So they tell you when you're writing a book, Charlamagne, you, you may un you may can attest to this. It's like when you unraveling all these emotions, you need to float in water. You need to get counseling. I was trying everything. I was floating every night and nothing was working because You know mentally I was having to relive all of this. But I think just sitting down with my ghost writer and saying, You know what? I'm gonna get it out. It has to get out. I I'm gonna be, because think about it. Like if I don't get this out, my brothers are not here to tell their story. My fiance that I was in the car wreck with that died eight days later.


Deandre's father, if I, this is, it's up to me to tell these stories. So how dare I allow them, it doesn't matter what they say. I was like, I'm not gonna let them win on this one. Nah, you, you, you can't, you can't take nothing else. But How do you prevent yourself from writing a dish record though? Like You know. You Know what I'm saying? It's coming. Is it you laughing? But is it, If I could rap it, I would, I can't Rap Envy, but You know. But I mean, just write, be the right writer. You know writing, Making sure that You know you, not My, my daughter told me yesterday, she said, mama, I'm, I'm waiting on book two. I was like, really? It took me three or four years to do this. But no, I feel like I, I feel like I have to, I wanna keep talking about it.


I wanna keep telling my story every day. Like even I wanted to make sure that in my memoir that people know I'm still struggling. I'm still going through is no perfect days for somebody being blind. But I'm doing it. I want people to know that I'm doing it. And so, yeah. I, I wanna keep, I just want to keep, keep that going. That energy. Now I wanna talk about your, your nonprofit Smooth. Tell people about that and how they can jump into that and help you out with that and maybe Support. Oh, absolutely. So I have a nonprofit. We advocate against domestic violence. I'm in three states and we really are out here helping women. I have so many stories where we go out and literally take women from shelters, organizations, agencies.


And when they decide to go into their own dwelling, we provide them with financial literacy, household supplies. We do it all. And, I AM hands-on every single case. I'm right there. And SOOO stands for speaking mentally outwardly, opening opportunities. That's with three o's. And they can go to smooth inc.org. That's with three o's. And every single thing that people contribute goes into these women. I really, really, really canid stress enough that my organization is, is built and it thrives on helping, helping these women who have been abused and not only abused, but have been traumatized.


It doesn't matter. And it's not just domestic violence. We help all womens in different facets of abuse. When do you think, oh, two part question. Were you hard on your daughters? I was hard on all my children. Okay. I was a disciplinarian. And I. I didn't play. Now I have eight grand babies. I'm a little softer now, but I was super hard on my children and sitting in the house, like, just sitting there watching life happen and things go by, I knew that, like I said, I had to have a voice. I had to had them fear somebody. And, I have this thing. You know I'm from the old school. I'm like, You know you either, you either listen to me or you gonna listen to the white man.


Some you gonna listen. You gonna have to listen to somebody. My daddy said the same. See, people Don't understand about that thing. My dad would say, they aint Thing you gonna listen to somebody. Right. Right. And so, like I said, I, I just became a, a disciplinarian and it actually paid off because like I said, I was able to get all them in college. And the proudest moments of my life was dropping those kids off in those dormitories, dormitories and, and coming back home and just, just giving them a chance at life, a chance that I didn't have. Very important. The other part of that question is my daddy would always, I I I always felt like my daddy raised me out of fear and not love. So when did you start raising the kids out with, with love and, and not with fear? When they started rebelling and telling me about myself.


Mm. And just being like, mama, you like You know my boys. They were in 11th and 12th grade. I still had them coming home at 10 o'clock. And they were like, mama enough is enough, man. And not only that, but just like literally telling me about myself. Sometimes you have to listen. I had the mother do, as I say, not as I do. I didn't wanna be that mother. I wanted to, but I also didn't want to just be your friend. And. I think that me just looking at myself and saying, You know what man? Like let me, let me like, let me give them some grace because they not gonna do what I did. You know they, these are some good children. I had to trust that what I instilled You know.


Now it's time to allow them to grow and, and flourish. But it took some time. 'cause I was scared. I remember my daughter telling me a few years ago, she said, mama, you wouldn't let me go anywhere. You wouldn't let me do anything. And I told her. I said, I, I apologize. I didn't want my story to be your story. That's Right. That's right. That's right. Last question. Your book ends with a poem from Deandre celebrating You know your 20 years called the Script from my mama. How did you feel the first time you heard those words? He wrote, I was sitting there at my 20 year life celebration, and this is 20 years of everything. I went through the struggles and everything, and I'm sitting there with everybody that I love and everybody had flew in And.


I was just feeling amazing, had no idea that he wrote this poem. He gets up there. Each one of my children got up and says something. But he gets up there and he, he says this poem, and I'm, I'm all tears. I'm just boohoo crying because I'm like, and he says that he told me later that he made it up on the way there, just on the plane. Wow. He just came from his heart. I had to put that in the memoir because it was so significant to just let people know that what you pour into your children, you eventually will get back one day. That's right. That's right. And that is a poem and that speaks so highly of me and everything that we went through.


Yeah, it was, it was amazing. And what, what's the message you want people to get from this book? Especially women. I want women to know that there is a place for us, And. I say us, because I'm still in the fight with you. However, when you make up your mind to really forgive and acknowledge everything that you've done, take accountability. I think it's very important that when we stop pointing fingers and when we stop blaming other people and just sit down, sit in silence with yourself. When you began to just sit in silence, look at yourself, whether it's in the mirror, whether you realize what you've done with your children, the abusive relationship that you're in when you began to take your power back baby.


On the other side of that, you could scream and scream as loud as you want. There is no more suffering in silence. And so I feel like Grant, Me, Vision portrays all of that. The ups, the downs, the journey of a young black girl who didn't know who she was going through all of this. But I am you, you are me. And like I said, on the other side of that is happiness is joy. And, I feel like when you can just understand that when you make the choice, no one can make that choice for you. But there is so much happiness on the other side of that pain. And I. Want everybody to go get Grant, Me, Vision. Because I want you to just see my journey.


It wasn't always You know like this, but I want you to just really go, go grab Grant Me Vision today and really, really dive into it. There are so many takeaways, so many tools in there. And. I want you to just follow my journey and see how I, how I navigate through life. Man, what a testimony you got Sabrina And. I tell you something. You know how to promote a book. Okay. If, you ever listen to somebody promote a book when they do an interview? If they keep referencing the book, they know what they doing. That's right. Okay. Come on Grant. Me Vision out today. That's right. Whatever books are sold, Lee. Ladies and gentlemen, Grant Me Vision tell how to follow you too. Family. Faith to forgive us is out. Now how can they follow you? Oh, so I'm always on Instagram.


Sabrina Greenley 12. You can go and I'm cooking, I'm dancing, I'm doing any and everything except for driving. Sabrina Greenley 12 on Instagram. And again, you can go to my website. Smooth. That's what three os you inc.org. Alright, Well it's Sabrina Greenlee. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums. public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Tired of wandering the aisles at Walgreens, trying to find the best deals. Well, we've got something that'll make your shopping experience a whole lot sweeter. Introducing, drop the app that rewards you with free gift cards just for doing your everyday shopping. Whether it's groceries, toiletries, or your favorite snacks with drop every purchase earns you points towards fantastic rewards. Download the Drop app now. Use code drop five five when you sign up to get $5 in points.


Okay, round two. Name something that's not boring. Laundry. Ooh, a book club Computer Solitaire, huh? Ah, sorry. We were looking for Chumba Casino Chumba. That's right. Chumba casino.com has over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chba Chumba casino.com. No necessary 18 plus terms conditions. Apply website for details.


State Farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then You know, get my first apartment. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.