
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Since its invention, the TV has been just that A tv. But what if it could be something more? Meet Samsung Vision ai. Whether it's upscaling classic content to look brand new or translating in English. Broadcast subtitles to Spanish in real time. Samsung Vision AI helps you get more from TV than you ever thought possible. Redefine what it means to watch TV with Samsung Vision ai. Visit samsung.com to learn more vision. AI features vary by model. Upscaling utilizes AI based formulas and results may vary based on source content. Translation, accuracy, not guaranteed.


Are you Still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Hilarious Charlemagne Ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It is Mental Health Awareness Month. Yes, it is what we do each and every May. May 5th to be exact Silence the Shame Day. And we have a very special guest. Shante Dos. Welcome back. Hey Shante. What? How are you Boo? How you feeling? I'm feeling good actually. So 10 years ago I almost took my own life. Well it'll be 10 years in September. So this is like my year of rebirth. That's what I'm calling it. And I'm in such a good place. Amen. In space. And I have really accepted being like this mental health advocate and doing this work and not being stressed about going back in the music industry.


Even though I'm still proud of my boys. Like Outkast got, you know, gonna be inducted into the Hall of Fame. And so it's just, it's good. I'm feeling really good. So thanks for asking. Before we get into Silence the Shame Day and Mental Health Awareness Month, I do want to ask you, what does Outkast being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame mean to you? Because you was there from day one. It means everything. Day zero actually. Yeah. Players Ball was the first record I ever worked and so shout out to Andre Big, the late Rico Wade organized noise. It's like the holy grail right. Of music. And so they finally achieved that And I couldn't be more proud and just to have been there passing out like cassettes, doing Freaknik, you know the Southern playlist cookout, we documentary the Freaknik documentary.


Yeah, he was on that, right? Yeah, I did see you on that when they were talking about you were giving out, you'd have to go down Cas And all that is crazy. Like whenever I see too short, he was like, yo, you gave me that cassette and was like, yo, check out my new group Outkast. They're gonna be dope. And he laugh, we laugh about it all the Time. Did you know that Outkast would become the global iconic superstars that they became Emini Here? You never know, right? But I had the the O on my chest, right? The L on my chest, LaFace Outkast. And I just was really committed and dedicated because I knew that the A was gonna support them. Yeah, it was a different sound. And like, you know, in Atlanta we grew up supporting East coast rap, west Coast rap, but we didn't really have our own, even though we had people like Shadi, they hadn't really received national attention.


Right? And we would always wear like Dodgers hats or Yankees hats. But finally we could wear like the Falcons, you know, logo and gear and the braise gear because Big Boy and Dre made that cool and they really brought like Atlanta to The World like Usher's doing now on his tour, right? He bringing it the A to The World. But Outkast set that up initially and really transform hip hop absolutely Emini here. I know they transform southern hip hop, but look at like a lot of the artists that are still influential. They're still from the south. And so to have been at the forefront of that and been right there with them, like I can't explain it like Emini here. It kind of solidified even just me in my journey and what I've been able to contribute to the music culture. Outcast is arguably the greatest hip hop group of all time and one of the greatest groups period in music of all time percent.


Yeah, a hundred percent. Yep. You know, so you, you, when you started the show, you were talking about your rebirth, right? You thought about committing suicide 10 years ago. Now with this day and age, what do you tell somebody that's possibly thinking the same thing? You know, it's stressful. You know, they looking at the, the price of everything going up. It's hard to get a job. They're looking at politics and they might feel left out. They might feel like there's no place for them. So what do you tell that person, especially in this social media world where nobody wants to be your friend and it's a very evil place. What do you tell that person, that individual, First of all, it's like honor your feelings. If you are not feeling good, you gotta acknowledge that, right? I coined this new little acronym Rap Rapping through your problems.


The R is being able to recognize those unfamiliar feelings. The A in rap is acknowledging and accepting right that some ain't right. I don't feel like myself. And the P is being able to process through those feelings with a licensed professional counselor or someone you know that can actually help you. Even if you call your PCP, your primary doctor say, I'm not feeling like myself. So you gotta be able to recognize, accept and acknowledge those feelings and understand that you gotta protect your peace at all costs. You gotta be unapologetic right now more so than ever. Because like you said, like we're getting hit in a lot of different directions and people be like, oh yeah, we all in this together. Not really. We might be In the same storm but we ain't in the same boat.


That's real. Thats real. And whether it's socioeconomic factors, lack of access to care, like it is not the same. And we can't pretend that it's the same. And I know we have people that you know, wanna help and do more, but you gotta dig deep inside yourself. 'cause even when I was going through my suicidal ideation, I had to dig into my faith and my spirituality And I had to also talk to people and let people in. So that's truly important. And then I tell people, you gotta remove things that aren't serving you anymore. You can't just be a people pleaser. Like let go of the scrolling, the doom scrolling and all of that and really focus and be present with yourself. And sometimes therapy isn't for everyone but doing like sound baths or getting out walking and immersing yourself in nature, like all of that really matters.


And like for me now, if I'm not feeling good, 'cause I still go through my moments. Yeah, I'll just get up and go outside and take a walk or I'll tell people like, Hey, I need a minute. And it's okay, that's your time, that's your mind, that's your body, that's your spirit. So you gotta really take ownership of your mental health and wellness because every day y'all is something different. Like I'm like, am I in a movie? Like did I get scripted into something I didn't sign up for? Because it's really scary. And then even seeing yesterday, And I know you can't believe everything you see on social media, but I try to go to reputable outlets, right? Like The Breakfast Club. But I saw on one of the other outlets that the gov federal government is considering like canceling $1 billion of funding for mental health for students, being able to provide additional counselors and that sort of thing and school systems across the nation.


And and that's really scary. And we know how mental health is affecting young kids because of this little thing right here. That's right. Right. And I don't just only blame, I don't only blame social media, but it's a lot of pressure. It is. And these kids need the support. So y'all, we gotta fight back and fight back in terms of protecting your peace, get the help you need. Reaching out to organizations like silence sha Shame. There's an a super dope lady I met last week at the Accelerator Con conference in Miami. Her name is Asante and she does a lot of healing. And so she just talked about the importance of like really immersing yourself in these healing practices with everything that's going on. Right? And so I'm recommitting myself right to whatever I'm doing is given time for Shanti.


If I gotta set an appointment at three o'clock during the day for Ashanti, like step away and take a moment and breathe or get a massage or do something like you just gotta do it y'all. What do You advise for people to, to find their happy place? Right. So I realize like my biggest happy place is my family, right? I can cut off. I, I enjoy watching my daughters dance. I, I enjoy watching my son play soccer. I enjoy talking to the kids cooking. So I, I found my happy place, right? Where, how do you tell somebody to find their happy place where, you know, how do you do that? Because it has to be a place where they just let go and release A hundred percent. But think about some of the most joyful time. And I know everybody's life wasn't the same. So let me start with that. Some people did not have a happy upbringing and I'm sorry for that, right?


If that was your truth in your journey. But if you did have fun when you were growing up, go back to when you were like eight years old. Yeah. Like what did You want me to play with Legos? Whatever. It's DJs. No, but you know what point That point trying to Emini here, what do you, what did you used to do to make you happy? Playing outside. That's why I love grounding so much. I tell adults that all the time. Take your shoes off. Especially not I this won. Take your shoes off, take your socks off. Go walk around barefoot in the grass. Just run around the yard. Ride your bike, bike, breathe some good air, ride your bike. Like think about how joyous you felt as a kid when you simply played outside. I was over at my cousin's house the other day And I started playing with the Rubik's Cube And I was like, yo, I forgot how much I love this word. And it had me going for like an hour.


But just find things that used to bring you joy. Get your Barbie doll Jess, period. Oh, I'm already happy and overjoyed so I don't need to Go through. You gotta find that inner child. That is so important. Yeah. I'm glad that you are actually like somebody that can speak up who has gone through the whole thoughts of suicide and everything like that because you had to be going through some real things. It's this guy on social media who is documenting, like he's planning to take his own life, you know? And he's documenting every day. Really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's on social media and one of my, one of my people who I fixed their mess on just with the mess, they sent this person to me. And so he's just, every day he's leading up, so he's going around like spending time spending his last moments like with his friends and his loved ones and stuff.


Oh gosh. And then Nobody stepped in to nothing. He, He's not telling them, he's not telling everybody what he's doing, but I'm like, how is how nobody's seeing? Like, 'cause he's online, he documents it, he doesn't delete it, his lives and stuff. He posts them, right. And so he's going to dinner with his people just talking about life, going around The World, talking to strangers about life and things like that. And then just last week, like he went on his date, you know, with a guy or whatever. Then you know, like he had sex with a guy and everything and, and he got online to say how great it was. So he is just doing things that like he Thinks will bring him Joy it on his bucket list, right? Like before he go. And then like he was on live happy just like a couple days ago. And I'm like, so are you doing this for, you know, the clout and some dick or are you just, you know what I'm saying?


Are you, you know what Emini here it's, And Dick might have gave him something to look For. It's wild, but it's, well in that case for real, but this is like his, he's like 30 days countdown and it's like he got like nine days left. I hope that someone is intervening. Yeah. Right. Because if it's out there like that, then somebody in his family or his friend circle Yeah. Should be intervening and having him call 9 8 8, which is the national crisis lifeline. Yes. Super important. And that's the thing is That Emini here, I'm not being judgmental, but We, I hope he knows that his life is important and that help is available if he really is truly hurting that bad. That's what I'm saying because all he's doing is putting bandaids over the situation and what's going on. Or these happy moments could just be bandaids if he's really in crisis.


Like said put The phone down though. Like how are you documenting something that is so that's leading up to sounds like a crime To help to me. It does. You Know? Does so It does. So I wanna ask you Ashanti about suicide. Like sometimes, I'm sure you're familiar with the male Robbins Let them theory, right? Which is basically let people make their own choices, like whatever they wanna do. So sometimes you hear adults complaining, you know, nothing is ever going right for them. They all, they always telling you, you know, about all the bad that's happening in they world. They talk to you about wanting to commit suicide and you strangely start to understand where they, where they're, where they're coming from. Oh yeah. You know, and and you realize encouraging them to, to get help isn't working. So do you just let those people make their own choices?


Like That's a, that's a really great question is a tough question. At the same time. You know the thing about it, the reason why with Silence of Shame, we try to provide as many resources as possible, but you can't make someone do something, right? Yeah. That they don't wanna do. But you can try to be a positive influence in their lives. And so I've talked to people, you know, who have been contemplating and I've shared my story. That's why I think storytelling is so important and people have to speak up and share their stories around it. I don't think you just kinda like relinquish everything and let it go, but you try to be there for them and keep encouraging them as much as possible and putting resources in front of them and showing them how other people have survived.


'cause you know, the, the last thing you wanna do is kind of wash your hands of it and then, you know, a week or two later something happens. Yeah. But then yes, you're right. But then we also gotta protect our peace. Oh A hundred percent. So it's just like, So you do it to the extent, to your point that you are kind of protecting your peace because again, you know, people have choices, right? God, God gave man and woman choice. So you can only do so much. But, and then, you know, faith comes into play. You know, I'm a a woman of faith and so I continue to pray for that person. So yeah, do what you can as much as possible put the resources in front of them and you know, let's hope and pray for the best. But a lot of times when people are in crisis, they don't know how to get the help or they need somebody to say, Hey, I'll go to the doctor with you or I'll, I'll help y'all walk with you through this process and you can only do what you can do.


And you were right. So Trump administration did discontinue $1 billion in school mental health grants and the grant supported hiring school psychologists and counselors. And it was funded by bipartisan legislation that was passed after the 2022 massacre at UU. What is it? Uvalde, Uvalde, Texas. Yeah. 'cause see a lot of schools sometimes they might have one counselor for like 10 schools and it's like a nu the number of kids that are in crisis. Like that's just not enough help and support. And sometimes they're not licensed professional counselors. They just may be social workers. Which social workers are great. But oftentimes if these kids need to to learn how to get through the crisis that they're in, they need someone that's licensed. Right. And more of a professional counselor.


So, you know, know y'all gotta call your, you know, your legislators, you know, talk to your senators, talk to your congressmen and women and you know, we, we gotta push back on this because we need that funding, right? That's right. We need to keep pouring into our kids. And Is the, oh, I was gonna ask, do you see the suicide rates going up and and depression going up? Or do you see a stabilizer? Do you see it coming down with all the mental health talk and all the, you know, platforms and, and places where people have to go now? What do you see? So from what I think the last study that I saw was like from 2021 or either 2022 and suicide rates particularly for black youth, were up 30%. You know, a lot of those studies, they, they don't happen every single year. Right.


Those large pool of of research studies. But it, there has been an int Emini here, an uptick rather. And it, even just two weeks ago, there was a young man in Atlanta who happened to have gone to prom two years ago. And then some of my other friends cousins knew him. He took his own life. You know, so I still see, I'm still getting texts and comments about these young people like taking their own lives. And so it's still prevalent. Right? Right. Are they blaming it on social media? Is that what they're saying It is. Or they're saying lack of resources in the school or like what are they saying? And the reason is I'm always curious because I just feel like, you know, when we were growing up we would, we were just as bad, but we just didn't have that social media element where people were constantly going at it. I don't think we had the language, nor do I think we had the same spaces to e even to even express those issues.


Like my dad was dealing with all types of mental health issues. Oh yeah. That he never talked to me about until I was like 40, 40 years old and We didn't know how to name it or what to call it either. Right, right. But even with all that, it seems it's getting worse. It, it feels like it should be getting better now that your dad could talk and that I can talk and be open and Jess could talk, but I feel like it should be getting better. But it doesn't seem like it is. Well you know, I, I don't know if I can pinpoint it on one particular thing, envy, but I do think it is still a lack of resources in some areas. 'cause it's still an underserved communities. People know about it but they aren't taking that next step. That's why I'm proud I have an announcement. So we created this PSA campaign and it was a around black men's mental health and it was called healing the Spaces between us.


And so it was a grandfather, a father and a son. And we just got nominated for Southeast Emmy. Y'all Congratulations. Congratulations. So shout out to Meghan Sjo Pringle who is our creative director in Oak Films who put it together. But nice, you know, we are, we're really trying to push that narrative, especially to, you know, young black men and their grandparents and their fathers. Y'all get together and talk about it. Nothing to be ashamed about but you gotta put your cars out on the table and talk about it. And y yesterday in Atlanta, well not yesterday, the last week was Black Children's Mental Health Day, right? Yep. Yes. So two years ago Senator Anderson in the state of Georgia wrote a resolution designating May 1st as Black Children's Mental Health Day in Georgia on behalf of Silence.


Shame, we'd love to do that in New York. So maybe we could partner with the Mental Wealth Alliance. Yeah, let's do it. And designate May 1st in, in New York State. 'cause again, we're trying to just bring awareness to the problems that's going on so we can try to, you know, cut off those, the numbers right. That keep increasing for suicides among Black youth. Absolutely. And you know, this is mental health awareness month and there's always a lot of focus on raising awareness, right? But how do we move past just awareness and start like action steps for actual healing Again, I think, you know, you gotta meet people where they're at again, when you talked about the uncertain times, like part of our, we have a mental health toolkit on silence shame.com, a number of things that you can do to honor the month and to push resources out to the community.


So one of the areas we're focusing on is fire and rescue because you know, we've seen all these natural disasters and things happening in The World. So we're pushing out resources that are targeted, you know, to the firefighters and to people that are out there on the front lines. Also, we did a toolkit for the federal workers, right? A lot of people that have been let go, I think maybe half of the people that got let go, were due to the cuts within this administration. And so we wanna talk directly to those that are suffering from a federal employee perspective, letting them know to establish a routine even though you got let go, get your daily routine going, even if it's like looking for that next job. Like establish a routine so you can protect your peace and practice mindfulness and reach out if you need support.


So we're trying to target specific subgroups and people within the community. And so you just gotta, you gotta be forceful in a way about it so that we are unapologetic about healing and getting help that we need. But looking at specific groups of people. 'cause we can all say we are all in this together. Mental health is important, we know we gotta take care of it. But when you talk directly at a specific group of people, I think that's when you start moving the needle and getting people to listen. Absolutely. Well how can people, if they want to tap in and they want to hear or more information or they want to help, how can they get involved? First of all, visit our website, silence of shame.com. Again, today is National Silence of Shame Day and we have a campaign, it's May 5th. We just want people to get $5, you know, and the $5 I will say, if it's too difficult for you, please save your money, pay your rent, you do whatever you gotta do.


But if you can spare $5 or more, you can text the word silence to 7 0 7 0 7 oh. Also understand that 9 8 8 is a free resources out there. We recently partnered with the City of Atlanta, shout out to Mayor Dickens and Courtney English who came together with us and we're pushing 9, 8, 8 out to everybody that's in, you know, the city of Atlanta and beyond. And you know, just really trying to make sure that we are pushing as many resources to the community as possible. That's right. So please support us. Y'all talk about it. Don't just, you know, if you are a young person and you listen to The Breakfast Club and you are, you know, going through something with a friend, talk about it. Don't just like throw some foul stuff on social media about that person. You know, be the bigger person, you know, be unapologetic about healing and letting go the things that don't serve you anymore.


Alright? Absolutely. And one more question, Ashanti, there's nobody that protects their peace more than Andre 3000. Do you think he's even gonna come to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? What's the under oval ceremony? I say he gonna be there. I think he's coming. I will say I call both Big and Dre after, you know, the announcement came out and Andre, both of them were so excited. Dre was really excited. Okay, so we gonna, we gonna keep hope alive. Ashanti dial ladies, ladies and gentlemen today in Silence, the Shame Day, mental Health Awareness month of course. And we appreciate you for joining us. Thank y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Shara Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Since its invention, the TV has been just that A tv. But what if it could be something more? Meet Samsung Vision ai, whether it's upscaling classic content to look brand new or translating in English broadcast subtitles to Spanish in real time. Samsung Vision AI helps you get more from TV than you ever thought possible. Redefine what it means to watch TV with Samsung Vision ai. Visit samsung.com to learn more vision. AI features vary by model. Upscaling utilizes AI based formulas and results may vary based on source content. Translation, accuracy, not guaranteed.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.