
Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you, And for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service. And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe. And legal subject to third party service availability for More information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


Everyone loves getting good advice. And staying in the know there's nothing Like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want. It, we thankfully AT And T provides personalized recommendations, And solutions, so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you. And, your Family, or a product That makes sense for you. And your lifestyle. So relax And. Let AT And T provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


What's up? It's me. Don Toliver. If I could describe the O'S ultra open earbuds I, think I would describe It as very seamless. It can definitely be something That you can style. It is Like earing candy. Check out bows.com for More Moments.


Like, my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, That is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even More I. Take Ibrance palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based Therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance And. Visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts. That may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell And, low platelet counts, infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, And, liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash, And, loss of appetite.


Hey Welcome to the Cooper Resident Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And Young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I am so glad. That UNCC are here. And, Georgie AT a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier. CBS. Thursday, eight seven Central And streaming on Paramount plus


Wake That ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We have Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess And. We have our sister in the building. Hold on. I just gotta do It 'cause It is homecoming season. I just gotta make her feel comfortable. Ladies And. Gentlemen, here we go. We have Dr. We. Good morning. Good Morning. I'm gonna say good morning. Even though you pulled That helmet out, it's all good. This Is a Hampton University helmet. What I gotta Do with Howard. Thank you. Thank you Charlemagne. you, it's because They be having the Oh. you don't know I just want hundred you. you You know about the robbery, but I don't understand what they gotta do with I. Just want Hundred you to know what It is. Just Because they name changed a couple times. So I'm just, you know, now they H you.


Oh Like 88. They was H I U And something. H I U It was H Hi, sorry. It was H I. This is messing up my mental right now. Sorry. How you feeling? I'm great. I'm great. I'm great. It's all Love HBCUs. That's right. All HBC. We We fresh off the fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo. Couldn't do It without Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. Dr, Alfie Breland Noble was absolutely positively the brains behind the whole operation. She puts everything together. Okay. All I do is answer a couple text messages here. And there. Do That. Don't you do That. we You We. Tell, tell people about the event. It. It seemed online. It was amazing. The conversations with great people left with a lot of great wisdom. So tell people how It got together.


know And, how this year came about. Know. So first I'm just gonna say Tyrese. That's what I'm gonna say. Tyrese. Like turned It out. But I think overall it's Char's vision. Born out of Charlemagne, iHeart, the Mental Wealth Alliance. I just helped put things together. You facilitate, know I. Just help facilitate And. Really, you know, it's our fourth annual event. It's a day of people coming together. They get to see Libs, And, influencers, And people with lived experience talking about black folks, mental health, And, And, all of our mental health. And, I. Think really It takes a while to, to pull It together. Because you gotta coordinate schedules. you gotta figure out what are the topic areas. you know, this year we had something a little different.


And, intergenerational mental health panel. So we had people from Gen X, And, millennials, And, gen Z, talking about It And. Then we had the men's panel, the women's mental health panel. you know, healing in the public eye. And. Then we ended It all to together with Mr. Jason Wilson. And. Tyrese, And. So It was just, It was phenomenal. you had vendors boos. There was just so many opportunities for people to find different ways to tap into their mental health. And healing. Know It was interesting to see, even when you talk about the intergenerational panel. Like Khali, foster Point Guard, AT, duke University. He was on That panel. Who else was on That panel with him? Morgan Noble, who happens to be my daughter. Your daughter who's an honor student. AT Howard University. Mahmood. Kether. Yep.


He was just, all of them were so powerful. And It was moderated by your buddy Elliot. Elliot. Connie You You. know That. That. That was an interesting conversation because another thing I noticed this year, It was a lot More young people there. Yes, Yes. It was And I. Think you know, young people are the ones driving the conversation. you know, we old heads, we I feel Like. We are kind of following in their footsteps. But they're the ones who are really pushing us to talk about these things. And. So with That panel I also wanna shout out Dr Judith Jo Joseph who was on That panel. It was wonderful to get the young people's perspective right? Because I feel Like. A lot of times young people feel Like. We talk AT them. Yes. We don't talk with them And. We don't listen. And. So we had an opportunity yesterday to do all of That, to really listen.


Particularly That intergenerational panel where there was a lot of young people on there. That's crazy. I had a conversation with my grandmother yesterday. And I was Like mama, why do you always talk AT? Me And Like. Why are you always coming for me? Like, why can't we just Like talk And? Then we started talking And. I realized Like. That's her way of showing Love. She doesn't mean It to be harmful. That's right. That's right. And. Then I started thinking, Like, we, maybe this is why I'm always so defensive because I'm used to That. I was Like, man. It's, but you know older people too. It's Like. you always feel Like. you don't wanna be disrespectful. Right? When you say certain things. So I think you know, is your Background Caribbean AT all? No, But I not That. You know. But I get That all the time. know We I think it's Like. Some of It is, you know, Like. My dad's a baby boomer. My dad's 82 shouts out to my dad. And. There is something about That generation.


I always tell people they were Like, surviving. know they couldn't thrive And. So to get to there the big ages, they are now And to be asked to kind of take a step back. And, listen. you know, they grew up. Children are seen And not heard. Yes. you know what I mean? Like, you don't talk unless you're spoken to And. So I think it's hard for them to make That transition. It's not impossible. My dad has really made the transition. But you gotta have a will for That. And. A lot of times people just don't, I don't think they know how to do It. And. Not only That, I also feel Like. They came from you. My dad is 82. know as we can. They came from a age where they didn't have help. They just had to get through It, you know? Exactly. you know they had kids, they had families to take care of. Exactly. And, you gotta think That was heavy into the racism era. Exactly.


So, you know, the the, my dad still feels a certain way about certain groups of people. 'cause he's just Like. They didn't pretty much beat me up my whole life. So how, how do I turn And say, Hey I Like this person now. But they still had to make sure That there was food on the table. Exactly. And. That things were taken care of. So exactly. It was, It was, It was a lot harder. But Somebody on the panel was talking about That this week. And I cannot remember who It was right now. But they were talking about how oppression leads to depression. Oh That was Mahmud Mahmud know? Yes. Okay, Okay. He was coming for It. The brother's Egyptian And. He was Like. Really? I think people really resonated with That. 'cause you heard the whole audience was Like. you know what I mean? Because we don't talk about That. That's And. Just Like. you said It is Like. All of That stuff is coming. If. you constantly And I. Always think about something. I heard Dr, Julianne Malvo say years ago.


That black people are always in this state of doing mental calculus. Is this the battle I'm on Fight? Is this the battle I'm on? Fight was That racist? Was That not racist? And. So imagine just Like, you said you're dealing with all of That, but you still gotta go to work. you still gotta pay these, put food on the table, put food in, you know, clothes on your kids' back. you still have to try to make progress in your career, but you are constantly being weighed down with all this stuff. And, you don't have any help for, for That generation. Nobody was telling them to go get Therapy And. We Gen X And our generation early. Nobody was telling us. But then people Like, you got out there. And started talking about It. And created this expo so people can know it's okay. Like Carson always says it's okay to not be okay.


That's Right. And. you know Elliott, Connie said something this weekend too. you know, we're only as sick as our secrets. My dad is 70 something years old. When I started talking about my experiences with anxiety, And depression, And being on my healing journey. That's when he told me That, he was going to Therapy two And three times a week. That. He had been on 10 to 12 different medications throughout his life. That, he tried to kill himself 30 plus years ago. So some of us, some people in our lives were doing the work. They just didn't want to tell nobody. Right? That's True. I didn't even think about That. But you know, I. Think about what tools did they have? And, how much better are the tools That we have now. Do you know what I mean? Like. I. Think about the number of times I've talked with patients. Older patients, when they actually treat patients And, they would come in And, say That. They had the kind of hop between therapists 'cause they would get in And start talking about the racism, And, discrimination, That.


They experienced And. People just didn't really know what to do with It. It was hard for them to have the conversation with them. 'cause That wasn't their experience. And. So you know, your dad was fortunate. That, he had places he could go. But so many people, even if they wanted to do the work, they couldn't find anybody. They didn't even know where to look. And I, think people even now still have a hard time. That's why the expos so important. 'cause It gets you on your journey. Now would you, you know, one thing I was thinking about the expo. And. And, online I. See a lot of people having mental breakdowns online, right? know And. Some people say sometimes it's good because they're able to express their feelings. But I always have a problem with That because I always feel Like. Sometimes That will be used against them when they try to do something else. you know, know. So how do you feel about people using That, their social media?


'cause some people just feel Like. They just need to be free. They just need to let things go. So what's your thoughts on That? I? Think we have to be careful. I think, you know, it's not always about intention, it's about impact, right? So you may get on, put all That stuff out there. It's out there forever. And. That's what I try to remind people, you know, 10 years from now, do you want somebody looking AT? That 20 years from now And. So I don't wanna get in the space where I say you shouldn't express your feelings publicly. Because That sort of pushes people into the closet. Like around stigma. But AT the same time. I. Think we have to be mindful of how we share our stories. I think a little twist on what you said. So let me answer the question directly. I think It has to be put in context.


If you're comfortable with your story, right then I, And, you know the consequences. Potential consequences. And, maybe you should share It. But I, the little twist I put on It is we also have to be careful about the people we Love And sharing stuff about them without their permission. Do you know what I mean? Because I'm not talking about if somebody has beat you down, And traumatized you. That's a different story. But I'm talking about if somebody wasn't the kindest to you or wasn't the best to you or didn't treat you as we as you thought you should be treated. Or maybe they had their own experiences. And. What I see a lot of people do is talk about this is my experience, but then this is my loved one's experience. And. I'm Like. Did you check with them? If It was okay for you to be putting their business, you know, on Front Street. Like, That. And. So I really think it's I.


Would Like to see I. Don't think I've ever said this publicly. I would Like to see people who are gonna be mental health advocates have a little bit of training on how do you share your story, right? In a way, That It does become trauma porn. I think a lot of times with us as black people, And people of color, people Like to hear us tell those stories. Because It sort of feeds the narrative. And. So I think we have to be careful to not allow ourselves to fall into the trap of feeding the narrative by controlling our stories in a way. That allows us to be comfortable with It being out there over time. We had a panel about That this weekend. It was a technology panel. And. One thing SMA said on the panel was That. He wants to see people. He wants to see social media get back to being used as a a, a tool to connect humans.


Yes, Like, he was Like. you know, it's not connecting people anymore. It's actually dividing us. Yes, Like. He wants It to be something. That can actually connect us Again. Know I I. Think he makes a good point. And I. Think I don't know. you know, I don't get too much into the algorithm. Algorithms, And, That type of thing. But I will say That. What I see is the algorithms seem to uplift the stuff that's More controversial. A hundred percent right? So if it's Like, if somebody's calm, And, cool, And Like really on their healing journey. And, that's all they talk about. That's not the stuff That pops up in my feed as much. It's the stuff where people Like. I've saw this video yesterday. And It was literally just a sister walking out of her house with this, with these nice clothes on And. They had two different captions.


The caption where she said I got dressed today, hardly had any views. Then there was another caption, That said, know they be coming for me when I look, Like this, when I step out the house, And It had thousands of views. And, I kind of feel Like. That's what somewhat was. Social media does. So I teach young people. you have to learn how to curate what's in your feed, right? If the stuff don't make you feel good when you scrolling, you have to mute or start unfollowing some of those accounts. 'cause If, you follow That stuff. That's all you're gonna get. And It does. Tear AT the thread of connection, right? It, It. It makes It harder to be connected to people. 'cause you always doing comparisons. We what about right now? Because you know Like, Like, do you feel mental health has been a addressed enough during the election cycle? Because people have to be tuned in, right?


If, you gotta be tuned in because you wanna know what's going on. know, but then a lot of this stuff can stress you out too. know All of It stresses me out. know. So I don't think we talk enough about the importance of caring for your mental health in these Like difficult news cycles. So, you know, we got multiple wars going on. Conflicts all over the World. That. We are constantly bombarded with. We have this contentious election cycle. And. It's not I. I won't get into the politics, but I don't feel Like. It's contentious all the way around. I feel Like. It's coming from one direction. And. Like, you said people wanna be informed. you need to be informed so you can vote, right? Right. you need to know how to vote. So it's hard to find That balance between I need to consume this.


So I'm an informed voter, but I also can't get overwhelmed by all the horrible vitriol, And negative stuff. That, I. See Like. I'm just thinking about the Haitian community. And just all That. They've been through. So I, think about us, you know, as other black folks. So again, it's one of those things where I feel Like. If we can teach people how to go into the news in ways That don't negatively impact them. So one of the things I say to people is don't allow the news to just be fed to you. you have to choose how you interact with the news, right? So maybe you need to read something instead of watching the 24 hour news cycle, or you need to pick things Like, stay tuned. Or some of these other Like social media agencies where they give you the news, all the headlines in three minutes, That That could be enough, right?


Or you get on a website to learn about the candidate's platform. So you're right, we don't talk enough about how to help people take care of their mental health in an election cycle. But it's really important. That, we do Know I wanted to ask you about Love, right? know, do you think That Love is a lost form? And relationships that's really affecting people's mental health. And. What made me think about That, It was a young lady, I, can't remember her name. She was doing an INTERVIEW. And. They asked about the relationship. And. She was Like. Do I. Look Like, the type of girl That would pay 50 50. Like. Look, AT, my looks right? Kayla, Nicole, And, And. Everything was based on looks. And. I feel. That hurts people, especially young people's mental, because when they hear things Like, That, I think a lot of times I think a a a woman might say, we, how come my relationship's not Like, That, I'm fishing for That relationship could be a reason.


That That women or men as we are single because they're looking for something. That is not there or doesn't exist. It's almost Like. They're looking for the wrong thing. know And. I. Think That can cause a a deeply depression. Do you see That a lot with talking to the younger generation? AT. All I. See? So my daughter's here. Morgan's here. And. She knew I was gonna do It. She's already grinning. And Morgan is 20. And I. See some of this through the conversations That, I have with her. And Like, her peer group also. 'cause I run the A coma project. I talk with young people a lot. My nonprofit, And I. Think I. Don't think the concept is new. I. Think what's new is That. We get, we are fed It constantly. So you can see It, much More, readily I think that's always been there, right? I grew up With people.


My grandmother literally be Like. He gotta bring That check home. Or you shouldn't be dating him. Like know And. That comes from my grandma. Like know. So know Who's your grandma? Young Miami. Your grandma did not say you bring That. Check home. I Home. My grandma, my grandmother from as long as I can remember would always be Like. A man should be bringing you That check for, you know, home And. My mom used to be Like. If you're dating someone, he doesn't have a job. you, you don't date him. And. He's not allowed in this house. By the way, I, I, I agree with That because I feel Like. you know? Agree. Which part? Because men's, you know, men be Like. What does a woman bring to the table? Women are a table Like. Everything you're doing, you're doing to impress this woman. You're wearing these nice clothes, you're getting this jewelry. We had this conversation. You're getting this jewelry. you want to drive a nice car 'cause you want to impress woman know, But not to the point the woman, not to the point where a woman is saying, That's the only way you can get with me.


Correct know. So I think it's I. Think It depends on how you look. AT gender roles. I'm not even gonna get into all That, but I do think there's something to be said for the con.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new. New totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features. Like wireless Apple call play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance. And safety features. Like intelligent Drive. The Kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains is It a new error for you as we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability for More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


Seeing our communities grow And Thrive is something we care deeply about here. AT Black Tech Green Money State. Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs, And initiatives. That help provide financial literacy, give early career advice. And grow black-owned businesses, thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future That We all can be proud of State. Farm understands That representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs. Like The Axo. A year long program. That recognizes And rewards high school students for their academic And cultural achievements along with funding programs. Like, project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black And. Brown Youth. That has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State. Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. And can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice. And staying in the know there's nothing. Like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want. It, we thankfully, AT And T provides personalized recommendations, And solutions, so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you. And, your Family, or a product That makes sense for you. And your lifestyle. It feels good knowing That. AT. And. T has your back. They take out all the guesswork, And the stress, letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider. That gets you And your needs. So relax And. Let AT And T provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT High five casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And, come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms, And condition supply. See website for details. AT high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes If you fast. Which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. you can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino And. Play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free Welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms, And conditions apply


Concept of who qualifies for Love Like. Who deserves Love? And. What? Love looks. Like Love is not the stuff. One of the things I Love about Jason Wilson is he talks about, you know, he talked about It this weekend. Is Like the constraints. That. We put ourself under That. We don't have to Like. He calls It what? It. Like. Emotional incarceration. I. Think he says You. know And I. Think to your point, Vy, what some of It is. This is me. This is not talking about That person. Hmm? My perspective is If. you are comfortable with who you are. Somebody bringing you stuff is not the thing that's going to sway you in a relationship. That's right, right? And. My mom, my, she's deceased, but she used to say two halves.


Don't make a hole in a relationship. you want two whole people to come together to form a whole relationship. And. So I think it's really about do I Love myself enough to know And I. Always tell people I'm worthy exactly as I am. And I don't wanna get Like. All metaphysical And hokey. But it's true. I'm worthy as I am. And. So I want a partner who also feels That. He, she or they are worthy as they are. And. Both of us are coming to the relationship with just a little bit of That I. Think It helps us get around some of That, you got to buy me this. Right? I ain't paying no 50. 'cause what's wrong with paying 50 50 Like? You're getting to know each other. So I mean And. I'm not saying It gotta be money or superficial know. I'm just saying if a woman is going to be giving herself know, because that's what she's giving, right?


know physically, mentally, spiritually know, emotionally. She's giving you her know, letting you And her body. All of That type of stuff. know man, cut some grass or something. Like, take some. you know what I'm saying? But Isn't But isn't Char, isn't he giving up himself too? Yes. Just by showing up. Show You Know. So you know, it's You know. He can know. So if they can both show up, I am not saying it's easy, but remember if in order for both of them to show up, they both gotta know a little bit about themselves. That. That's right. And. How many of us go through life with these blinders on Like, blind to ourselves? Like. We don't know who we are. That's when the self-love comes into play. Period. Know, perfect That. you said That. So I got a friend right now. That. What's That on Your face? What? It's From his head. AT. The Oh hat. I got a friend right now that's dealing with, every time this person talks to somebody, the everybody says you need to work on yourself.


And. It's not the first time. It's not the why you, why'd you point over there? Because She's Laughing. No, she's Cracking up. Okay. So now this is, so every time she talks to a gentleman, the gentleman says, you need to work on yourself before you could come back Here. Not every single time. Wait, The guys are saying this. Two Guys, I had two guys say, but first of all, their face, Her Face. But lemme tell you something. One, one of the guys look, AT face, his situation is so messed up, up. He uses That to not have a real conversation about where he is. For real. That's deflection. So it's Like. I. Hear you. But Like, we, we need to work together. know, this has Been a conversation That she's been having with men. That. She's been trying to Date. I was gonna, when you mentioned, when you asked Charlamagne, isn't the guy showing up too? know That struck me because I feel Like.


A lot of my friends And, what I'm realizing about myself know is That. I wasn't raised as a woman. To really see a man as a person, That has to show up. I was raised as a Like. A woman. That, just a man is there And. He's Like. This Like structure check. But Like check. He's not a person. Not even a check, but just Like. He, he has to, to fight off the bad people know, he know You know what I mean? know. But now That, my little brother is getting older. It made me realize, Like man, how many times That Like, there are some self-accountability moments. But how many times are am I not seeing this man as a person? Yes. So I wanted to ask you, because I, see That, you're married. Yes. Prior to your marriage. And Like. Where you are now in your marriage, where did your mental health stuff come into play? Where Like you went.


And actually did the work. And, you saw the difference. Ooh, girl, We, you ask the hard questions in the morning. Good night, I. I'm really trying learn. I'm sitting here learning. Okay, so I've been married 22 years. Whoa. We've been together. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. I. Take That in. We've been together. I. I'm not gonna do the math. Since 95. Mm. This a long time shall I out to Dr. Richard, That's 31 years, right Together. 31. Thank you. Thank you doing The math. Because my wife was 30 And. We was 94. Okay. Beautiful. So, okay. In a nutshell, before, I'm just gonna be very transparent. I was very unsure of myself. And made some mistakes, kissed quite a few frogs.


Let me put It, Like, That, And. I. Think my journey changed when I just gotta, I kind of got Like. Fannie Lou Hamer. I got sick. And tired of being sick. And tired. So I was Like. I gotta do something different. And, this is my field. know. So some of It started when I was in grad school. I started seeing stuff, you know, And just learning things. And applying 'em to myself. Right? And then I. Think I got to a point where I was Like. I can do better than this. Do you know what I mean? I don't have to put up with foolishness. And. I would always think ahead. And think I have to be with somebody. That, when we have children, I want the children to see a healthy relationship. 'cause that's what I grew up with. I saw a very healthy relationship between my parents. Got you. Up up until the point my mom died. And. So I. Think It. It is, I had to make a decision.


That. I wanted It to be different. And. Then I started to do the work. So I'm gonna shout out my psychologist, Dr Maya McNeely. She was the person who really started to help me. It was right. Like right after I got married. But even after marriage, one of the things I wanted to talk about, AT the expo yesterday. That we didn't get to, was this concept of do we know as people, black people, how to receive Love. That's Right. That was my struggle. I knew It came. It came up during y'all panel. But If, you, You need a chance to get to It. know we cut It off. You know And. So, so I'm gonna put Jason on blast. Jason I wanna have That conversation one day publicly. But, so in a nutshell, what I had to do was recognize That. I knew how to be present. I knew how to give to people. I didn't know how to let people give to me. Like, my daughter will tell you.


I still have a hard time accepting help. So I think it's, once I decided, I wanted things to be different for me. Then I had to decide. Like sort of what's the destination? I wanted to be a he. It sounds really kind of corny, but I wanted to be a healthier version of myself because my mom was always drilling into me two holes. Make a whole relationship. Don't come into a relationship as half a person. Right? So that's what It was for me. I had to figure out how to be a whole person. And. The things That helped me were Dr, McNeely, mindfulness, meditation, exercise, And. I'm not big into journaling, but AT the time. I would do. I have Like. Multiple journals. you so I. Hope I'm answering your question. you, you, but you. That's what I did. you I had to work on me. I I. I want I. I I. Think we should have a round table discussion about, you know, do we really know how to receive Love?


you know, we gotta do It. you know, I I. Think you know, I always say your your first last And best Love is self Love. Right? A lot of people don't have That the way they need to. That's where the imposter syndrome And stuff comes into play. And. That's why Like people can give you a compliment. And, you feel uncomfortable Like? Yes. Huh? Because you don't even see yourself. That's right. In That way. So I I. Think That is worthy of a discussion. 'cause I think a lot of people deal with That. More than More. Than they, they may, they may say, we Hold you to It. We gonna do That. Absolutely. Because It is just important. And, It was for me. It was revelatory. I recognized AT. Some point in the last three or four years. Do you know Alpha? Do you know how to be still? Mm. And let things come to you. And just receive And. So when you said Like, how long we had been together? When you put the number I think you said, congratulations.


I had to stop myself because I'm Like You know, whatever. Okay, but That had to take It in And. I. Think It could be hard to take in. You know for me, sometimes That stuff can be hard to take in. 'cause it's Like. I'm afraid it's gonna go away. So when I take in the good stuff, how long is That good stuff going to last. But that's because I'm anxious. But you And. So that's the anxious mind you Not only That. 'cause I have a hard time with That. As we Like a Like, a hard time Like. When my wife, she has to stop me. And, tell me something. And. It's almost Like. I'm Like. Okay, that's good. Now let's keep It moving. Exactly. But I think that's also because we've been conditioned to provide Yes, And protect for so long. It, almost I. Don't wanna say It feels Like. A, a, a, a sign, a feeling of weakness. But it's almost Like. All right, thank you. But I want to give my Family the Love.


Now y'all don't Love me know I wanna Love y'all right? And. When they Love me back, it's almost Like. All right, but now how's your day? you know what I mean, right? But it's difficult. But I don't know why it's difficult. It's I. I really don't know why. It's also vulnerability. How, if you're the provider, if you're the person doing everything, If you are. Jason talks about this If you worth, part of your worth comes from providing If. you are taught And. It's not just men, right? you think about being, are you the oldest child, girl? I'm Sitting here Like. Oldest child. Yes, That. That's how I feel. That's It me Too. you have to accomplish all the time because It, you just programmed That way. Yes, yes. Like. If you're not solving a problem, you think there's a Problem. And, what are you told? you told Look out for the younger ones. Right? So you can't look out for the youngers, If. you don't have your stuff together. That's right. And, Like. The other thing you were saying about Like, you don't wanna disappoint your elders.


That's the other thing. you the oldest child, you have to perform. So I think when you're always in That mode, it's hard to be vulnerable because you can't be vulnerable. And, get your stuff done. AT. Least that's how we feel. And. So we have to find That balance again. I'm gonna go back to Jason. you gotta find That balance between recognizing That you worth is in your presence. Right? I didn't make That up, right? I've heard That, ma I think Yan was the first person. I heard say That. But that's where your worth is. So If, you can start from My worth is I'm here. We are all, everybody in this room, our worth is the fact. That, we got up. And, we got here today. That's our worth. you don't have to do anything for It. I. Think for me, once I understood That, It made It a little bit easier to be vulnerable.


Because in my vulnerability, I'm not losing my power. Know Bishop T. D Jake said, even If, you don't think you're worthy resting the fact That. God knows you're worthy. you know? Amen. I think that's, that's, you know, we talk, we have these conversations about mental health. That's part of It too, right? Like. you have to be spiritually healthy. As we I think That God is a, is a missing factor. Yes. And a lot of people's Lives, yes. They have no faith. you gotta have faith in something. I believe you have to have faith in something bigger than yourself. Because otherwise, how do you make sense of so much of the stuff? That happens in the World. you I feel Like. you can't Know. How does It feel to have a a, a daughter That's also following in your footsteps in a lot of ways. But just I mean just turned out to be a phenomenal person.


you know, she's Awesome. She is. She's Awesome. And. That's all we want, right? I got four daughters. That's all I wanted the Other day. Oh, you And I met the oldest. She's, she's the bomb. She's, she's on her way. But she got a a wonderful mama. you have an incredible wife. Thank you I. You're Welcome. She's just a lovely human being. It feels Like. That. I can receive easily. It feels Like. I got 'cause it's perform performance. I help do help ate, right? But she had to take It And run with It And. So one of the things I respect about Morgan so much is Morgan teaches me stuff all the time. She's Like mama. Did you eat Like when we were in the green room? She's Like mama. Did you drink the wa drink some water? Mommy. So she's Like a caretaker, but she also takes care of herself. I was so proud of her on That stage yesterday when on the intergenerational panel, when she talked about, you know, Like, you don't have to always be struggling as black people.


We get this narrative. That is struggle, struggle, struggle. That's right. And, you all all did things. So your little brother And your kids. They don't have to struggle And. So why would you gravitate toward That? But her mentor, one of my friends, Mr James sample, he's awesome. He went to Howard as we, he taught her, you know, your parents struggle so you don't have to, so I don't want you to struggle. Sure. And, she talked, she relayed That to the group. That made me so proud. So It is incredible to have two kids. My son, miles turned 18 yesterday, had birthday miles to have two kids. About to be both Howard Bison, ain't you? you know, And, having them be good, productive, healthy emotionally.


we young people. That's a gift, right? And. That's not all me. Like, you said us. That's from update. That's right. Morgan, did you have a choice? Did you have to go to Howard? Did y'all have, did you And Miles have to go to Howard Oh? you had a choice. I had a choice. Okay. How many schools Did you apply to tell the truth? Okay, see, she had a choice. But, You know, schools My was going to Howard, but she had a choice. Now what, what, what's next for the mental wealth expert? Because I feel Like. We do this every year. know I, feel Like. There's other things we should be doing throughout the year. Know. So one thing we hope we gonna be able to do is I don't, I'm just I praying on It. I'm hoping it's gonna happen. Do More than one. That's my hope. And. My hope is That, we get to honor somebody's hometown with one of them.


I'm hoping we be able to do That Know we've been talking I mean we, you know, the baby was there. AT, the mental health expo this year. He wanted to be a part of It. He launched the baby care initiative. Yes. And. So know we've been talking about doing something in the Carolinas. Know So You know. That's right. 'cause he's North Carolina know we used to live in North Carolina. know. So that's one thing. I think. The other thing is we're gonna continue to get bigger. We have some ideas already about what kind of panels we wanna have And. So we are gonna be reaching out. We're gonna start reaching out to people soon to try to get on people's calendars early. Our talent to, to bring It. We're gonna be reaching out to More vendors. I, think we could have hopefully, fingers crossed, a few More vendors. AT, the AT, the venue. And have More opportunities for things. Like, breath work, And yoga, And meditation, And, some of the breakout rooms.


And Char, we just gonna continue to follow your vision for the, for the expo. Absolutely. And. you know, one thing, That, we don't do, we don't, you know, we, we are a nonprofit organization. Yes. you know, mental wealth alliance.org. We don't, we don't, we don't do enough. We don't tell people That, they can donate. Yes. And, we, we really want people to don. It's so easy. you can follow the link And bio on the Instagram page for the Mental Wealth Alliance. you can go to the website. There are QR codes on It. It is so easy. And, you know, It sounds Like begging. It kind of is. But you have to understand That money, That you donate, goes to helping put things together. Like, the expo where you are giving to thousands of people. And just trying to support everybody's investing in their mental wealth. So invest, We let everybody in free. That's It.


Like. you know, Like Like, we don't charge for the mental wealth. That's It. And That costs money. So if they invest in the Mental Wealth Alliance, the Mental Wealth Alliance can help invest in their mental wealth. That's right. And. They can't. There's the content from the event is online. And. you can watch the conversations. It will be, there's a lot on the Instagram page. Mental Wealth Alliance. Shar Tyrese, myself, some of the talent, we've all been posting stuff. And. Eventually it's gonna be on the YouTube page. you Said Tyrese set It off. What? What? What was the conversation? He Was just We I. One thing he did, That kind of had me cackling, was he ripped the counter. The timer. He ripped It out. The not, he didn't destroy It. The You know he took the clock off the floor was Like. I ain't paying attention to That clock. And. He was just very transparent. Like literally unplugged It. Yes.


He, he kept looking. AT. It. He was Like. That clock ain't right. We need More time. He was hilarious. But I think one thing. That he did. That really moved the crowd. AT the end. It was a great way to end was he kind of encouraged people by saying, Like, If, you have something That you want to do. Right. That maybe is gonna help the World. you need to go do It. And. He talked about what his thing was. That he does. But he was really kind of pushing people to go out. And, contribute. And. I'm not gonna say It. Like. He said It. 'cause you know, Family friendly. But if you're not gonna do It, then step to the side. And, let somebody else come. Do It Know we was It. It was a phrase he had. It was a I'm the problem though. If. you the problem. If, you have a problem. If, you have a problem.


Do something about It. That's right. Because he was Like. So many people nowadays don't really be having a problem. They just either wanna be a part of the conversation. Right. Or they just want to jump in on the jokes. On, on social media. Right. But If, you actually have a problem. know, do something about It. You Know. So That was It. It was a good way to end You Know. Thank you for joining us this morning. That's Right. Thank you for me. And, how do you They follow you. you Dr, AIE, you Me. How do they follow me know? Okay, you can follow me a couple places. The main one is Instagram, D-R-A-L-F I. EE Dr. Alfie, I'm everywhere. I'm on LinkedIn. I'm on Facebook. And my website. Dr alfie.com. And Follow the work she's doing with the A Coma Project as we thank you. you, you know Like what? Tell 'em a little bit about the OK Cooma Project.


Oh. Okay. So thank you for That quickly. The Coma Project is a mental health five Oh, one C3 nonprofit And. We are bought three things. Raising consciousness, empowering people, And, changing the system of mental health for young people of color. Where we center And, amplify young people of color, And. We also talk about the intersections. Queer, young people of color, young people of color with disabilities. We want all of our young people of color to do better in life. We do research, programming, outreach. We support the Mental Wealth Alliance with the expo every year. And, we just do all kinds of cool stuff. Thank you And. We appreciate you for joining us again. Absolutely. you, I'm sure you can see her AT Hampton to coming. 'cause I'm sure she'll be good. Oh. God.


I Love. My HBCUs. I'm just gonna say That, shout out. you go Shout out all of 'em. It's all Love you And you all day. There you Go. It's Dr. Alfie Breland Noble is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Hey, Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And. Young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I am so glad. That, you NCC are here. And, Georgie AT a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier. CBS. Thursday, eight seven Central And streaming on Paramount plus


my five casino. Hi five Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT High five casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And, come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five. casino.com High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms, And Condition Supply. See website for details. AT high, the number five casino.com.


High five Casino.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com got It. Step two, collect your Welcome bonus. Come to Papa Welcome Bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woo hoo. Chba. Chaba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free Welcome bonus now. And Live the cmba life. Visit chumba casino.com BW group. No purchase necessary prohibited by loss terms. And conditions, 18 plus


One in three women And. One in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime. And. nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create More pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors And, their pets can escape. And heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


How crispy are the new deli me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. know deli me crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell It. Heads up If. you hate loud crunching. you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy Like. Barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.