
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information,


focus Features, presents piece by piece, a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artists for Pharrell Williams turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dap Punk and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go and just make life easier and seamless without interruption, to be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love, like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we had our system. Miss Angela ride with us this morning. Hey. Hey. And we got a special guest in the building and we have the Governor of Maryland. Ladies and gentlemen, governor Westmore. Welcome Brother. It's gonna to be back. It's good to be back. Good to see y'all. How you feeling? I'm blessed. I'm good. I'm feeling feeling, feeling really good. We're we're almost there. We got 26 days in the wake up to, to go do something special. How you feeling? How you feeling about the, the chances of Madame Vice president? Listen, I I think this race is gonna be close. I think that this race is always gonna be close. This race gonna be close up until election day.


I think this is a turnout game. And, and that's why I I think that this isn't about, are we swaying people one way or another? It's, are we motivating people to come out in the first place? And you're not finding a team that's working harder right now, both amongst the vice president who has just been, I mean, I think she's just running a fantastic campaign and she's the right candidate. But in addition to that, you have a whole army of surrogates who are out here every single day in all the battleground states, speaking to our constituents and, and our jurisdictions and, and letting people know what's at stake and, and, and what we can actually get done if we actually get out there and make our voices hurt. You feel like the surrogates got activated too late for the Democratic party? 'cause even when President Biden was running, I was saying that yo, he should be leaning on people like you leaning on Governor Gretchen whi leaning on Governor Shapiro, leaning on the VP at the time.


Do you feel like the surrogates got activated too late? And if so, why did y'all choose to fall back? You know, I I don't, I don't know if it was activated too late because I mean, You know when I think about myself and, and, and Gretchen and Josh and countless others, You know we've been out there and fighting and advocating at that time for, for President Biden. But then You know we're, we're grateful. We have such an, that he has such an extraordinary vice president and we're gonna have such an extraordinary president come January. And, and Vice President Kamala Harris. What do you I'm sorry, go ahead. No, no. I mean, so, so I mean, I, I don't, I don't know if I would say that things got activated activated too late because also I think we have to remember and consistently give grace to the vice president. I mean, she's had a presidential campaign, what, for 10 weeks?


Yeah. In 10 weeks she stood up a, an entire new campaign. She was able to get all of the delegates and all the delegates she needed. They ran a very successful convention. She had a very successful rollout of a vice president. She's gone through not just her demolishing her debate with, with Trump, but then also also Governor Waltz's. And that's been 10 weeks. So I do think we have to give a little bit of grace to what has actually happened in just a pretty short period of time. I was gonna ask, what do you, what do you think they need to do more of? Right? You know, we talked about, of course, the media bliss that they've been doing this week, talking to more and more people Yeah. Or You know, we felt for a long time that they didn't, and we seen Trump and, and and JD out there like crazy.


So what do you think they need to do more to connect to those people that might be still on the fence of which way they wanna go? Well, I think they need to keep doing what they're doing, which is going out and speaking directly to people You know. Listen, I I I You know, I, I hear people say, well, they need to do more sit down interviews. They need to go and meet the press. They need to do this respectfully. I mean, I don't know if that's gonna move an election. If she needs to go and meet the press more or she needs to go on Face the Nation, or she needs to go on Fox News, go to the people because the people are gonna be the ones to help to determine how this election goes and, and how people are and how people are going to see and receive And I. I think the other big thing that we've gotta do is, I understand that You know she's running against someone who is historically and uniquely unqualified and prepared for this role.


Right? We're talking about someone who, who, and let's just take the past 72 hours, right? The past seven, two hours. We just got reports that he was deciding how much aid to give California during wildfires based on their voting districts. Hmm. Right. In the past seven, two hours. We had him say, literally say that Vice President Kamala Harris was born mentally impaired. Right? In the past seven, two hours, we have seen how the signature injury of Iraq and Afghanistan, and I'm, I'm And I'm a very proud veteran of the Afghanistan war and the signature injury, over 500,000 people who have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injuries. Right. The signature injury. We heard the former president of the United States say it's nothing more than headaches.


Right. So I I mean, you ain't even mention the Putin stuff and not even mention the fact that, that he's, he's got this consistent thing going on with Putin. So my, my thing is, I don't think we need to spend a whole lot more time talking about the dangers. Donald Trump, frankly, he tells on himself every single day. Right. I think we have to continually push and articulate the vision for the vice president, which is actually a vision, not just that brings us together, but is detailed You know when we're talking about things like a a $6,000 child tax credit that could be the most aggressive push that we can make on a federal level to end child poverty that we have seen in this country when she's talking about things like an increasing capital and liquidity to our small businesses and to our minority owned businesses.


Making sure that that going from an idea into a large concept and something that you're hiring, hiring You know tens and thousands of people can be real for all communities and not just some these are detailed plans that she's laying out her housing package about how to focus on transit oriented development and how to focus on density bonuses and increasing inventory and turning renters into homeowners. Like these are detailed, these aren't concepts of a plan. These are Detailed plans. And so as long as she continues to do that, and for all of us, I mean, 'cause all of us are surrogates, we will continue pushing that message as well. And I think that's gonna be the message that is gonna win the day. And not so much focusing on You know the dangers of Trump. I think people get That. Let me ask you one more question. You know a lot of people out there feel like both sides just don't really care that it's all a political game, right?


Yeah. I don't know. Can you pull up that audio? A a gentleman called, this is the perfect way to to to say it. A guy called today from Florida, Tampa. Yeah. And he's dealing with the hurricanes and You know. He pretty much, he pretty much was saying, stop playing with me. Can you play it? It don't matter what they is, Democrat, republican, they all treason, man. They all about money, bro. None. These people care about American people, bro. This shit hurt, bro. This shit hurt, bro. People wake up every day just, they live they life, bro. And you got these fucking greeds, man. You got these fucking greedy call themselves government service people, bro. And they don't give a damn bro. They don't give a damn about the migrants coming over here.


They using them too. Man. This shit ain't right, man. You absolutely right my brother. Now I can't, man. You say you wish God could come back. That's the sentiments we've been hearing a lot from just, just open up, up the phone lines and how people feel about government officials. So what do you say to those people that really feel like they have no hope where they're saying, I wish God had come back. Yeah. I mean, here's listening to 'em. 'cause it's real. I You know. I I we can't forget, man. I mean, and when people talk about what's the frustration that people feel, I think for a lot of people it's not a frustration with the vice president. It's not a frustration with the political party.


It's the frustration with the pace of progress in this country. That's right. Period. That's fair. It's just a frustration that it's like every few years we have these conversations and people do not feel that their lives are improving fast enough, particularly when they're looking the lives of other people who are improving faster. And so, I, I mean, when I hear that it's not just heartbreaking, but, but I'm listening to this brother. I'm saying what he's saying is justified And I and listen, I You know, I I I don't come, I don't come from a political family. I don't come from a political background. The first elected office I ever ran for was governor and And I.


Literally, I, I was trying to convince members of my family to vote for me when I ran for governor. Like real talk. And, and it wasn't like I was trying to convince 'em to vote for me. I was trying to convince 'em to vote. Yeah. Why didn't they believe in you? Funny man. Maybe that's another question. That's a whole nother question, char, because I know you from being the CEO of the Robinhood Foundation, so you've always been in the public service space. Why didn't they believe in you? Because you've been doing the work. If anybody gonna harp on your pain, it's coming You know what I mean? And laugh at it. Laugh at it. Just laugh at it. He's Tell me again now, your family don't believe in it. Jesus, let's, let's stop right there for a moment. Jesus, what's Wrong with you? No, but it's like, I, I it's that I don't know if they believed in the American political system. Mm.


Like, can you actually make a difference? Got you. Yeah. In That seat, You know, we don't, I I literally, I I have members of my family who I will talk to like, oh yeah, election day was last week, wasn't it? Because people just living their lives. They're not caught up in all this And, I think there's, there's, there's a, there's a few things that I try to remind them and not even say to this, say to You know, say to this brother who You know, again, our heart is breaking for them because it is real. The one thing I would say is it is important to remember, even for those who feel like, well, who's sitting in these seats doesn't matter to me and the political system doesn't involve me and I'm not engaged in it. I would just say never forget that everything about your life is a policy decision. Yep. You know what I mean? From, from the home you woke up in this morning to the water that you're drinking from the, from, from the tap.


When you get up in the morning from the transportation that you have to go to work or for your kids to go to school, for the school your kids are attending for the way you are policed to every aspect of your life is a policy decision. Someone intentionally made a decision about you and the community you come up in. So do not think for a second that this stuff doesn't matter. But I, I not, but I will say to, I will say to that brother who, and and also to say the amount of misinformation that's coming out right now about what the Biden Harris administration are doing and not doing it is staggering. And it is dangerous because there are people who are in true danger because the misinformation is so clouding the accurate information that people are not getting the services and supports that are there and in place and mobilizing to support them.


But You know, when I think about why, one of the big reasons I'm so all in for the vice president is because I have seen her work and I've seen her work in difficult times. I've seen her work in crisis. I saw how she was a, an amazing partner to us in Maryland when the key bridge, when the key bridge collapsed, when it was hit by a ship the size of three football fields. And the first You know, I remember at 2 0 2 in the morning when my phone rang to let me know that a two mile span bridge was now sitting at the bottom of the Tasco River. That the port of Baltimore, which really is America's port, I mean it services two thirds of this entire country was now shut down.


And around 13% of my state's economy was now gone. That there were thousands of workers who were about to wake up and realize they didn't have a job anymore. And where we had six port workers, six, six work workers on the bridge who were fixing potholes in the middle of the night who are now missing. And as we're mobilizing, put the state on the state of emergency, having our state police divers in the water to work, to save lives. I will never forget one of the early calls that I got, it literally started with three words gov. It's Kamala. And she said, I know you just spoke to the president, And I wanna let, I wanna reiterate, we are gonna be with you every step of the way. And she has been.


And so to the people who are heartbreakingly struggling due to Helene, to the folks in Florida, to the folks who right now are saying, do we have a government that sees us and is mobilizing for us? I can tell you from personal firsthand experience, the answer is yes. And the person who we need sitting in that seat is Kamala Harris. You mentioned that there are a lot of folks, including in your family, who don't get caught up in all this. And one of the things that we've seen is a failed response from fema. Katrina You know folks worried about how they'll respond to Milton at the time they were recording this. But this isn't the only space where you're engaging and being a surrogate.


There's also a, a tremendous sister in Maryland running for the Senate. Angela also Brooks. Oh yes. Who if she wins and Lisa Blunt Rochester wins in Delaware, they'll become the fourth and the fifth ever. Yeah. To serve in the United States Senate in terms of black women. Yes. Fourth and the fifth in history in the history of the United States Senate. Yeah. So it's exciting, but also it's devastating Yeah. That they would be four and five historically to ever serve as black women and four and five black people in the Senate right now. Correct. It's certainly not on par with our demographics. Why is that race so important and what challenges does Angela have yet to break through? Because it's, the interview conversation isn't just about Vice President Harris.


That's happening also with, with Angela. I'm, I'm so Angela's spectacular. She's gonna make a great Senator You know about, actually a little over, a little over a year ago, I, I endorsed Angela and And I. Remember people who came up to me and they're like, listen, You know in Open Races say, and, and it, 'cause again, I was new to politics. We were like, we're just giving you a little bit of advice in open races. Generally sitting governors do not get involved in primaries. They don't endorse. And you saw other races around the country where the governor did not endorse in the primary and they just stayed out and they waited for the, for the primary to be done. And I told 'em. I was like, listen, I really appreciate your counsel And I really appreciate your advice and I'm supporting Angela Brooks. It's both because she is, she is going to be a remarkable senator.


Smart tested. And it's also because this moment was not, I could not just sit silent in a moment when I knew everything that was at stake. That we do know that this is about electing someone who is just, who is gonna be amazing to serve as my state's You know senator. And my relationship with my senators and my congressional delegation is incredibly important as the governor. We have a very tight relationship with them. And it's important, but it's also because it does not make sense to wanna support Kamala Harris with the President of the United States. And then also say, but I also want a Republican senate because that's exactly what happens.


Angela also, Brooks does not win this race. We now have a Republican senate who will turn around, led by Mitch McConnell and Tom Cotton and Ted Cruz and all these people who will basically then turn around and try to block everything that is trying to happen. You can't say that I am for reproductive health and I'm for reproductive rights in the ballot we have in the state of Maryland. Question one is to put reproductive health in our state's constitution. You can't say I'm for that and then say, but I want to have a Republican senate who is then going to put together a national abortion ban. Right. And supersede anything that we turn around and pass. And so, so I was, I was really proud where You know, she, she run it. She won a a, a very tough primary where You know she was down by double digits and pulled, pulled together a remarkable win.


But this is going to be a fight and the fight is worth it. And so for even people who are not in Maryland, I would ask him, go to check out Angela also brooks.com and just really learn about this, this remarkable sister who You know and who understands You know. I I I became only the third African American American ever elected governor in the history of this country. The only in the first in, in my state. But I remember coming in and saying, You know while I'm proud to be the first, I know that's not the assignment. Right. We got work to do. And I know that both for Angela and also for for Lisa, who again is another one. Please check out Lisa Blunt Rochester. I mean the Senate is not ready for these two. I can't wait. No. They need to be ready. The Senate, well, they need to Be ready for these two.


They need be ready for these two. But I'm telling you, they're, they're both spectacular. And, but they're also coming in saying, yes, what they're doing is, is, is is shattering a glass ceiling. But they also know that's not the assignment. Are you Concerned about the interest that folks have in the former governor Larry Hogan, who is also Brooke's opponent in this race? You talked about obstruction when you think about what he did with the red line in Maryland Yeah. Turning down or returning $900 million to the federal government after President Obama's administration gave that grant to Maryland Yes. To shore up job opportunities. I know you've brought it back in the form of a light rail. Yeah. Can you talk about why his candidacy would be a problem for Maryland?


Yeah. I mean, I Seemingly forgot. No, and that's, and that's I think for a, for a lot of people, that's what's so frustrating about politics for them is, is how people can just so easily and freely switch and move positions without any, any understanding of justification. Why. Right. With the exception, it's, it's an election season. James Baldwin has this quote that I love where he says, I can't believe what you say because I see what you do. Right. And I think that when we're thinking about the old governor, that's exactly what we're talking about. Where you can't tell me that you are now suddenly pro-choice. When, when you actually were in power, you vetoed legislation around enhancing privacy. You vetoed legislation around enhancing protection.


That, that, on my first day of office, I released three and a half million dollars of previously unreleased funds to be able to help train providers so people could actually safely, safely have their reproductive health respected because he wouldn't release that money because of political reasons that you can't tell me that you're now gonna focus on public safety and focus on, on on violence. When the entire time, while you were the governor, the homicide rate in the state of Maryland nearly doubled. He can't change his mind though. 'cause people will use that same rhetoric against the vice President. No, no. But by, no, no. There's a difference between, there's a difference between saying that I've continued to think about these issues and learn about these issues and having fundamental shifts in values. Mm. You know. I think about it for myself, right?


I, I am You know when I think about what it is that we're getting done in, in the state of Maryland, I can be flexible on tactics, but I'm unbendable on values. My values are my values, the things I stand for, the things that I stand for. We're not watching a flexibility on tactics here. We are watching a fundamental difference. You, you can't, while you're the governor, while the old governor was in there, say, I'm, I'm not gonna sign legislation around ghost guns and getting these illegal guns out of our neighborhoods and off of our streets. You cannot say that there is a, there's a, a plan that you have to be able to solve the issue of violence, crime when frankly, for eight years you gave thoughts and prayers and attended funerals, but passed 90 single piece of legislation that actually makes our community safer.


Since we, since our administration has come on board, Maryland has had amongst the fastest drops in homicides and violent crime in this entire country. The last time the homicide rate was this low in Baltimore City, I wasn't born yet because when we came on board, we were like, no, we're not just doing thoughts and prayers. We're actually gonna work in partnership with locals, work in partnership with local law enforcement, having increased technology and predictive analytics, being able to work with community groups and community violence prevention groups, working with the mayor of Baltimore and working with our other local jurisdictions. And we have now seen, and again, I I, I look at these numbers. I mean, I'm a, I'm a data nerd. I look at these numbers constantly. We're now down 29% this year, year on year.


And that's after historic drops from the year before. So we're showing that you can do two things at once. You can both respect people's constitutional authorities and constitutional belief. You can still respect people in their communities and also making people safer and respecting and being able to reinforce law enforcement. And you don't have to choose between those things. That's something that Angela also, Brooks, in the case of Maryland, while she was a state's attorney, the violent crime rate in Prince George's County was cut by half while she was a state's attorney. So she has a track record of making us safer. The old governor does not. There's a lot that he has to account for. And so that's what I mean by, I can't believe what you say because I see what you do where these track records are coming to light.


And that's why I think the people are gonna, people are gonna back. Angela, when you, When you talk about the track records, I, I instantly just think about a conversation we were having earlier with the hurricane relief. Like the conversations back and forth between Kamala and Descent. Right? Yeah. Why isn't it with across the board, why aren't some of things, some things just common sense. 'cause me, if I'm political and I'm working in the Maryland Baltimore area, crime is the first thing I think of trying to solve. That's common sense. Why don't they do that on, on these other levels with these other issues? Like, why isn't it just, this is what people need. Let's figure it out. You know. Why does it, why is it so hard? No, it's, it's, it is a great point because I think one thing I've learned about in this world of governance, it's all about prioritization. What do you, what do you hold yourself to account to?


And what are the things that you are going to prioritize? And so when we, we came in, we were very clear You know the top priority for how we're gonna do our work is making sure that people feel safer in their communities and in their neighborhoods. And that's why we really took an all of the above approach and the way that we were gonna go about this work. But it was centered on one thing, humanity. It was centered on this idea of who is it that we are trying to support? And I know that. I have seen that throughout our time as Governor If, you never forget who you're fighting for. You won't stop fighting and you'll continue to come up with ways and making sure that you're centering humanity inside of that work. And so whether you're talking about making sure that kids are safe in their classrooms, whether you're talking about people have a chance to respond when these, when these natural disasters come on, You know, come on board.


Whether it's making sure that people have broadband access and that you're having a technological revolution, that you're not just completely leaving people behind. Whether it's making sure that you're investing in, in, in healthcare and not just, not just healthcare in the, in, in certain parts of the state, but really making sure that every part of your state is getting the healthcare needs that can help them to not just thrive, but also, but also truly grow inside that community. So I think you've gotta center your work on humanity and never forget why you got this business in, in the first place. And I think for a lot of people, that is a real challenge for them. Can We go back to the pre governor Westmore? Yeah. You know, because You know You said you never ran for any office. Right. And I knew you from being the CEO of the Robinhood Foundation Last time I was here. That's right.


So what made you want to run for governor and what made you feel qualified to run for governor? Mm. Qualified You know, it's funny because I remember when, when I got in the race, there were three statewide elected officials, two cabinet secretaries, one person that was on my board, which made board meetings very awkward. And I. Remember that was the argument they kept on throwing at me about You know. Well You know. He, how's he qualified? And I said, lemme explain something. And I said, I'm a kid who You know, watched my father die in front of me when I was three years old because he didn't get the healthcare he needed that I'm a person who had handcuffs in my wrists when I was 11 because I came up in communities that were overpoliced.


And we knew it that my mother did not get her first job that gave her benefits until I was 14. And by the way, this is a woman who went on earning master's degree. So any conversations about inequitable pay between men and women or the racial wealth gap is like, I don't need a white paper to explain that. Then I'm a person who joined the army when I was 17, that I led soldiers in combat that I You know. I worked in finance, I ran my own business, sold that business. I then turned around and was CEO of one of the largest poverty fighting organizations in this country. And my argument to them was, I'm never in a model belonging. And, and let's be clear, I'll put my qualifications against any of them. And we ended up winning with more individual votes than anyone who'd ever run for governor in the history of the state of Maryland.


And I. I think about the thing that really motivated me, and it's funny 'cause we talked a little bit about it last time I was here, where who sits in these seats? It does matter. And what they prioritize does matter. And I, remember You know one of the issues that I will never, I will never losing importance of it. I do not understand why in this country we allow child poverty. I don't get how we're allowing the destiny of our children to be determined before they even have a say. Right. And so Child poverty starts with adults being poor, right? Well, That's exactly right. Yeah. And we can get in that. Okay. But, but, and so, so I said, and when I was even working over at Robinhood, I was like, okay, we're gonna focus on the issue of the child tax credit.


And the big reason, because I thought about over 30 years of philanthropy that Robinhood has done remarkable work that Robinhood has done. That an adjustment on the child tax credit could literally sixfold every and we're talking billions that Robinhood has, has done in its history an adjustment on the child tax credit, making it fully refundable, paying it out monthly would actually have more of an impact on child poverty by sixfold than what they've done over 30 years. And so this is the argument that I was pushing about why policy matters. I was speaking with a former governor about this issue. And I was trying to explain to him the details of the child tax credit, why this thing was so important. And I literally told him, I said, you should talk about it in your state of the state. I was like, here's a line you should use And I got an advance copy of the state of the state address.


And I realized there was nothing in there about the child tax credit. There was nothing in there about child poverty. Wow. So I'm pissed, right? So I call up the head of policy at, at at, at the organization I ran and I'm just ranting. And then finally when I breathed, he said to me, he said, listen, we've worked.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan is a messing around the interior, a completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple car play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Hi, I'm ESI Cup. And. I have spent the last 20 plus years knee deep in politics in the news. I've covered some really tough subjects from war to genocide to six presidential elections. Way too much. Trump and You. know what? I need a break, like a mental health break from the news, from the triggering headlines. And I kind of suspect. Some of you listening out there might need a break too. So my new podcast is gonna be just that, a fun and loose space where I talk to my famous friends and people I admire about all the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. I did not really rebel in the sixties. I had no sex in the seventies. What? I made no money in the eighties. So when True crime came along, I missed that trend too. So many great guests are joining me from Josh Menowitz to Larry Wilmore, to Molly Jung Fast to Josh Gad. I'm so excited that you have this platform. And I am just like hoping that I don't destroy the platform in its earliest stages. Listen to Off the Cup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your favorite shows.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I Quila Hughes and I'm so excited about my new podcast Rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I Was a lady rebel. Like what does that even mean? I mean the Boone County Rebels will stay the Boone County Rebels, but the image of It's right here in black and white in Prince a Lion, An individual that came to the school saying that God sent him to talk to me about the mascot Switch is a leader who choose hills that you want to die on. Why would we wanna be the losing team? Right? That just, I just take all the other stuff Out. Segregation academies. When the civil rights said that we need to integrate public schools, these charter schools were exempt from that bigger Than a flag or mascot. You had to Be ready for serious backlash. Listen to Rebel Spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


For six months to try to get them to include a line of speech. But what If, you could write the whole speech. And that's the point. The reason we have these discrepancies is not just because these are policies that will allow this to happen. The reason that we had in my state a eight to one racial wealth gap is not because one group is working eight times harder, it's because of the Homestead Act. And it's because of unfair appraisal. Unfair unfair appraisal values in historically red line neighborhoods. And it's because an unfair usage of the GI Bill and it's because of racist procurement policies. So if we understand that policies help to create these dynamics, it has to be policies that have to then unearth them.


And so when I gave my first state of the state address You know, we spent probably a court act thing talking about child poverty and about how we were gonna make the most aggressive and bipartisan push in our state's history to end child poverty. And that's exactly what we've done. And so the big reason why I decided to get into this is If. you aren't talking about policy on these issues, then you can do philanthropy all you want. You can do all that. So you're blue in the face. There is not enough philanthropy in The World to upend bad policies. And so policy makers have gotta get in the game. And that's why I just said that I'm as qualified as any of them.


When You Never, lemme Ryan, You since writing the book, the other Westmore being a White House fellow, a Rhode Scholar, I think folks have always asked you about your political ambitions being on the short list as a VP contender. Do you have aspirations to at some point run for president? No. I'm cut it out, Wes. Yeah, I don't buy it either. Cut it out. And also why not like you? It seems that that's a better question. But You, I mean, eight years from now, no, true man. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm, I know and never mind. I'm I Did say at some point Yeah, yeah. No, listen, And I know, I'm, I'm, you probably didn't think you were gonna run for governor too.


And that's, and that's the point, right? So I, so I know, listen, I'm, I You know I'm I'm 45. I mean, I'm one of the youngest governors in the country, right? And, I love the work that we're doing in Maryland. Maryland's just moving faster than everybody in the country. If, you look at everything we are doing from advancing economic opportunities to creating pathways for work, wages and wealth to removing the barriers that exist for people to go into a workforce. The work we've done around criminal justice reform, I mean, I'm really proud of the work that Maryland's doing. I, I think, but, But asking you If you have aspirations at some point to run for president. Isn't poo pointing your work in Maryland? Yeah. It's saying if you're If you have the approval rating you have right now, which is high. Yeah. You've garnered the most amount of support than any other governor who's ever ran Yeah.


In your gubernatorial race. Why not to Lauren's question now. Well, I think so. I, I think for me it's, it's really twofold. One is my exclusive focus is on making sure that Kamala Harris is the next president of the United States. I, I can't stress enough how important this is to my state, to my community, that she is the person who becomes the next president In 2024. But we're saying yeah, at some point, if we, if we know that if she does not win, there won't be another election she needs to win, which is what he, she needs to win. No. Right. I'm saying if we know Yeah. From the statements of the former president Yeah. That if he wins, there will not be another election. That is a quote. Yeah. So we know the importance of her winning. We're not, I'm not saying that.


I'm just saying why not? Yeah. Lauren said, why Not? Well, You know and And I think, I think for, for me, And I don't, I don't have an answer and honestly, because I just haven't put enough thought into it. Yep. So for example, Elijah Cummings was a, was like my guy, one, a mentor of mine, congressman from from Baltimore. And. I remember after he passed, there were people who came up to me and were like, listen, You know, what do you think about running for Elijah seat? He was a mentor of mine. And I didn't do it because it's not that I don't love Elijah, and it's not that I don't wanna make sure that his, his legacy is not honored. It just wasn't speaking to me.


Yeah. And, but when I decided I was running for governor, you couldn't have convinced me not to run. When they were like, this person's thinking about getting in and this person's the former head of the DNC and this person. I said, good, I look forward to seeing the battle You. know what I mean? Because I, I knew that's what I wanted to do. Yeah. And no one could have convinced me differently. So I'm very at peace with saying, if I'm not in it, I'm not in it. And, I'm good with that. And I can tell you right now, that's why when I say my focus is really on making sure that Kamala Harris becomes the next president of the United States. Like, I mean that I believe you, but I'm gonna tell you something about 11 years ago, maybe longer. John Sykes. Yeah. When he introduced me, he said, he said, I want you to meet somebody.


He said, I need you to connect with this brother named Wes Moore. He's going to be the next Barack Obama. That's how you were introduced to me 12 years ago. We, yeah. So people clearly see that it's Esque. It's because it feels like you really care about the people. And I. Don't think it's because you're black either. Yeah. I think it's just you care. And I'm not trying to index anybody. Let's be clear. You know. I knew that was great. Not, But I think at that point, only having one people say based on what they know, like, like we know Kamala Harris also isn't gonna be the next Barack Obama. She's gonna be the first Kamala Harris. That's right. So yeah, I think we understand Wes is Just like, I amm sitting my couch right now, but When you won't run Maybe four years line maybe, but right now I got another, You should say, I'm not thinking about it right now.


So they don't run this clip back. Literally Say that I gonna, when you do, they gonna bring it up and be like, well, you said said You know and And I. I mean, when I say it's like when, when, when I'm, when I'm locked into something, I'm locked in And. I'm locked in into being the governor of the state of Maryland. And I. I mean, I am, I look at what we are doing right now. This really is gonna be Maryland's decade. This is gonna be our time. 'cause it's gonna a time, we're just gonna lead with love and honesty and And. I'm really proud of the results we've gotten so far. And I, think the people of Maryland are very happy with it. One thing you've done That's great. You pardoned 175,000 marijuana Maryland convictions related to the possession of weed. Yeah. Including convictions for misdemeanor possession of, of weed in certain convictions for misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia.


What what led you to do that? Sh Well, You know, it's funny, it was something that I, I've been talking about long before I ever decided to run for office. I do not understand, there's a few things I just don't get. One is how, how cannabis is in the same classification level as heroin. Right? Like, that just makes absolutely no sense. And the other piece was as we were having this larger movement that was taking place around how people were just completely not acknowledging history and how cannabis was just consistently used as a cudgel, particularly in black communities. And so You know cannabis was actually on the ballot in the state of Maryland, in fact. Yeah. So I, I ended up getting You know more individual votes that year than anybody else. The only thing that beat me on the ballot that year was cannabis, cannabis won was 70% of the vote.


So I'm like, yo, who is cannabis now? He's So popular. He's a rapper. He's a rapper. He's Shane Nar brought up Pardons And I. I do wanna ask you, this one isn't in your purview per se, but there's a federal pardon that I think many of us are still seeking. And that's for Marilyn Mosby. She submitted a pardon application that included attorneys like Barry Sch Yeah. From the Innocence Project, Ben Crump, who's a legendary civil rights attorney, Barbara Armin, legendary voting rights activist who worked hand in hand with Marilyn. Can you talk about the importance of Joe Biden pardoning her before his tenure years up? Yeah. You know And I And I And I said, I mean, this is, this one's personal because we always, their friends, I've known those little girls since they was little girls.


And in fact, I remember last time I was on a show, I remember talking about the, the role that she played in just calming our community where there's this narrative that was taking place after everything that happened with Freddie Gray, that You know that there were protests. And then on the night of Freddie Gray's funeral, how it became violent. And you had this, you had this unrest that took place and, and people talk about how, and then the National Guard was called, and people say, well, it's good that the National Guard got called in because that's what calmed everything down. That's actually not true. Because the truth is they're gonna have the biggest protests since that entire thing happened on that Saturday after the National Guard got called in.


Militarization does not produce calm hearing a community does. And the reason that there was calm was because Marilyn Mosby came out and actually said that we need to have accountability. And then she pressed charges on, on the officers. So the thing that I would say about it is this. And again, it is, it is, it's, it's both personal. So I try to separate myself from what the personal is And I know that this is a, it's not a state decision. This is something that falls exclusively in the, in the hands of the, of the president of the United States. I just keep on thinking about these kids. I keep thinking about her, her and Nick's daughters.


I keep on thinking about the public servants that they have been. And these are two people who have devoted their lives to be able to support the people of, of, of Baltimore. Her as a former state's attorney, him is now the, the, the city council president and And I just hope as, as all of these decisions are being made, that that compassion and grace is just not lost. So you feel Biden should give her a pardon? I i, I can't tell the president of the United States what to do. Alright. I just hope compassion and grace is never lost in these decision making process. I Don't wanna ask you about a state decision. How, how come we can't Well, how come you can't pardon all nonviolent marijuana offenses period Across the board. Yeah. Well actually, so If, you look at the pardon that we did.


And so yeah. So, so going back, so what ended up happening was we spent the past year doing what many people believe to be the most equitable and safe and, and successful rollout for recreational cannabis in the country. So now in the state of Maryland, we have a new billion dollar industry for cannabis of the, of the new licenses, 174 new social equity licenses and put together, and by the way, over a hundred of them have been new black owners in the cannabis market. So we've really set the standard on what that looks like. But my big thing was this, you cannot celebrate the benefits of legalization If. you do not address the consequences of criminalization If.


you do not address the fact that there are thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of people whose lives have now been immeasurably changed and altered because of something that is no longer even illegal in our communities anymore. That's right. And so the reason that we led You know, I I ended up pardoning 175,000 cannabis committee. It's the largest mass. Pardon? In the history of this country. And where I know that we're, we can't be done either when we're thinking about this. In fact, just this past week, You know, I just, just excused the, the, the, the, the fees for, for people who You know violation of parole and, and drug testing. Because again, it's something that continues to be used as a cudgel to keep people criminalized.


And you can't make every sentence a life sentence. And so the reason that we've moved so aggressively on this issue, and now we're gonna continue working with the legislature because some of some of this stuff is gubernatorial authority, like executive orders, some of this stuff has to get passed through the legislature. So now we're working with our legislative partners to make sure that we can really deal with this issue of, of long-term expungement is because it's both about fairness and also it's about economics. I am focused on getting people back into the workforce. And If, you look at what we've done within our state, that we have quadrupled the amount of people in our trade and apprenticeship programs that we have created the first time in this country, that we now have a service year option for all of our high school graduates, giving them a chance to have a year of paid service to the state of Maryland that we made historic investments in childcare, the largest singular investments in childcare in our state's history.


Because If, you really wanna get people back into the workforce, particularly young parents, particularly young, particularly women. You must fund childcare because asking people to make a dis decision between is my child gonna be okay or am I gonna go to work or I'm gonna go to work is not a fair ask. And the big thing about the pardons was it'll now allowed people to get back into the workforce. One of the people I pardoned that day was a guy named Shiloh who was standing with me. Shiloh, the only thing on his record is a misdemeanor cannabis conviction. And he now has had an inability to find stable work since that's that. I mean, he literally had a job. He's talking about a job that he had that was a great job for him.


He was fired on the second day because he couldn't pass a background check. This is crazy what we, what we've done to communities. And so I look at this, what we've done around criminal justice reform, what we've done around the pardons is, is not just about, it's the socially right thing to do. It's the economically smart thing to do because If, you look at where our state is right now. When I was first inaugurated, Maryland was 43rd in the country, in unemployment now going on 13 straight months, Maryland has amongst the lowest unemployment rates in the entire country. Our unemployment right now, right now in Maryland is 2.9% If. you want to create a growing economy, you must create an inclusive economy. And I want more people to have the opportunity to get back into the workforce.


I agree. But will hold up. I agree. But will it be bigger than just simple possession? Like is there a way to do just nonviolent marijuana offenses period across The board? Oh, absolutely. And, and these are things that I, and again, part of it's working with the legislature because part of these things, you have to actually change laws and that requires the legislature involved. But I don't think that just doing the, the, while it was the largest in the country's history, the, that was also an important first step. Gotcha. But we're not done because you have to create a system. And here's the thing that, here's the thing that also I, I wanna be able to prove that we can do two things at once. Right. Because when people, we came on board, people said there's two challenges that Maryland's facing. One Maryland had this exploding crime rate homicide rates.


Again, like I mentioned before, Baltimore when eight straight years of 300 plus homicides. So like we have to address the violence. And we had to address the fact that Maryland incarcerated more African American men between the ages of 18 and 25 than any place in this country. By the way. Number two was Mississippi, Maryland was number one. And so I said, we've gotta be able to address these two things at the same time that we can yes. Both address the issue of violence and also not think that the answer is just locking up black boys. And I think one thing we've been able to show in our work is yes, we can be humane about the way we deal with things like pardons and expungements and getting people back into a workforce and cutting down on the recidivism rate.


Yes. We can also make sure that we are making, have made historic investments in local law enforcement and utilization of technology and making sure that you are getting violent offenders and repeat violent offenders off of our streets. And so addressing these two things at the same time, this argument of locking up more black men is not going to make you safer. And, I think the thing that we're showing in the state of Maryland is you can do both of those things to both those two things. Address the incarceration rates and make your community safer at the same time. I was gonna ask You know Governor Westmore, why is it working in Maryland and not in a lot of these other cities and states? So what would you tell to some of these other mayors and governors who are having the same problems you have when you first came in?


And crime is high and unemployment and people can't find jobs and people are dealing with, with, with immigrants and migrants coming over and, and people are dealing with You know they can't afford their homes, can't afford food, can't afford gas. Yeah. What do you tell those city officials? I I I would say always leave with data and don't let the politics get in the way to stuff, man. 'cause I think part of the problem is people get caught up in these talking points and these policy issues about like, what does ex party think? Or what does Y party think? Or this and that. And I would say we have but a certain amount of time in these jobs, right? I have You know, I I, I know because I have a clock on my desk about how much time I have left in my first term.


Don't waste a single one of those days. And so I think the reason that we've been able to get the things done, we've been able to get done is because we lead with data You know the reason that I was unapologetic when I talk about things like how I want Maryland to be the state that ends the racial wealth gap. And people said, well, isn't that a binary choice? And I said no. But the thing is, is that what we have right now is a binary system. The reason I want Maryland to be a state that ends the racial wealth gap is 'cause I believe in growing the economy that the racial wealth gap has cost this country $16 trillion in GDP over the past two decades. That's not, that's not gross domestic product of a group. I've heard you say that racism is expensive. I love that. It Is terribly expensive. Yeah. And so the reason that I'm saying, so be unapologetic and say it, talk about the issues of racism and bigotry.


Talk about how you're going to address things like a broken and a racist racist procurement policy. The reason that we have gone You know in, in our, in our state, just since I've been the governor, we have, we have shifted the way we look at procurement right now, we've allocated over two and a half billion dollars towards mvs and black owned businesses. And, and, and it's not because we're showing favoritism, because it's because that act, we actually believe that's helping to grow the economy. And it is when you're giving more people opportunities when you stop giving away free waiver processes. And so the thing I would just ask people is lead with data and don't be afraid to be bold. Like go after big problems. Because if, if that's not what you're doing, then why bother?


Why are you even sitting in the seat Now? He has to go in a second. So I know you got, oh, I got, I got two. I'm good. Oh, you got question questions? I got, I got two that I really, really want to ask. One is Maryland voters just, I saw them approve of your performance in a recent poll, but they, they were split on the economy. Yeah. And it bugs me out. 'cause why, why is there a perception that Democrats are not good in regards to the economy when the US economy performs better under democratic presidents? I I don't, I don't think we talk about it the right way, man. Mm. We really don't. And, and, and, and we excuse it You know, I, I don't understand when we're having these conversations. So, so for example, we've made historic investments in childcare in our state, right?


We made historic investments in apprenticeship and trade programs. We made historic investments in getting people back into the workforce. We've raised the minimum wage because I just believe deeply that gone should be the days when you have people who are working jobs and in some cases multiple jobs and still living at or below a poverty line that we just passed the most aggressive housing package in any Maryland governor in recent history. And focusing on things like turning renters into homeowners, focusing on things like unfair appraisal values in historically red line neighborhoods being able to create capital and liquidity for, for first time home buyers, and particularly first time home buyers who oftentimes, or, or home buyers of color inside of communities. And what has happened is this unemployment rate has now dropped to historically low levels.


We're now watching economic growth and we're watching green shoots of new industries that people are actually participating in. And You know what I'm doing. I'm talking about it. Mm. I'm talking about the fact that these policies matter. That us being able to create pathways to work and wages and wealth is actually the truest destination. And what we're talking about, what it means to have good policy, you've gotta actually talk about it and not, and, and, and let the data then speak for itself. But if, if you're not talking about it and you let other people define your narrative, then yeah, of course things are horrible and it's all the Democrat's fault, but we're just not gonna let that happen. Alright, And my last question, I saw you on Face the Nation, And I. I loved what you said. You said that Democrats have to earn the black male vote.


What does earning that vote look Like? It means going out and actually going to seek and speak to it. You know you're not gonna win this race by great commercials. I mean, they're effective Though. They're great. That's true. If they're great, but I mean, but, but that's, but eventually people are just gonna hear this stuff so much it's gonna get drowned out. That's right. And it's like I will hear a commercial that says one thing and then literally the next commercial says something. That's the absolute opposite. And so if I'm not a person who's really into this, what am I supposed to take away from that? That's not how you're gonna win this race. You know And I. Think about it for our race where You know, I, I You know we did very, very well with young voters and black voters and all that kinda stuff when I ran for governor.


But it was because I was black and it wasn't because I was You know now one of one of the youngest governors in the country. It's because we went and earned it. We actually went to communities and we talked about issues and we talked about issues that matter. And we talked about it in a real way. We talked about why You know when, when I'm speaking about wealth and wealth creation that I'm not, and what I'm talking about is, do you have the ability to own more than you owe? Do you have the ability to, to, to pass something off to your children besides debt? That it's the basic asset that you can have something in your life that can give your family a little bit of wiggle room. And You know, when we talk about housing, I talk about the fact that You know I had some, y'all know I had some issues coming up and my mother was trying to send me to this military school, You know ever since I was like eight.


And every year she threatened me. And every year I couldn't go. And it wasn't because she's a woman who makes false threats. 'cause she does not make false threats. She couldn't afford it. And then finally, when I was 11 years old, sorry, after, after 11 and then 12, and then when I was 13, 14 years old, my mother was finally like, I can't do this and I'm gonna send you to this military school. But do You know how she was able to do it? She started asking people inside of her church if they could help and people gave it a little bit where they could help, whatever like that. But she was still thousands of dollars short. My grandparents, my grandfather was the first one in my fam in my mom's side of the family, born in this country, born in South Carolina, and the Ku Klux Klan ran them out, moved back to Jamaica.


And much of my family said, we will never come back to this country. And much of my family is, not much of my family is still in Jamaica. That's why you said T earlier. Yes. Yes sir. Yes sir. Ting. And you caught yourself. You thought he was drinking. You thought he was drinking and driving. Okay. But, and, but he did come back. And as he always said, You know, I, I say You know he had a deep Jamaican accent his entire life. And I, think he's maybe the most patriotic American I've ever met. He loves this country, loved this country. My grandmother born in Cuba, raised in Jamaica, immigrated to this country. And when they came to this country, he was a minister. She was a school teacher. And they bought a little small home in the Bronx because that was their way of actually owning a piece of this country.


And when my mother needed help and my mother, my mother needed a little extra money, they ended up taking money out of their home to then help to pay for that first year of school, which ended up changing the trajectory of my life. I bring that up. For this reason, we're just asking people to give, to give people a little bit of breathing room. We're just asking that we can just give people a little bit of hope and it's a little something to hold onto and be proud of. And so I think as we are talking about what does it mean to go earn the vote, you're not gonna earn the vote by slogans.


You're not gonna earn the vote by commercials. You're gonna go earn the vote by looking people in the eye and saying not just why these policies are gonna be better and beneficial for you in your life, but it's gonna be really good to have a leader who actually sees you. Mm. It's gonna be really good to have a leader who actually believes in you, who's willing to fight for you. Who, when the doors are closed and the decisions are being made, that you can say, You know what she's thinking about me and my family when those doors are closed and the decisions that she makes are gonna be in the best interest of not only now, but the best interest of the future. And so I just think right now we got a moment where we got a whole lot of people who came before us who are looking at us and asking us, what are you gonna do?


Are you gonna take this moment seriously or not? And I. Think we got a whole lot of people who are gonna come after us who are looking at us and saying, exhaust yourself because my future should matter to you that much. And that's why I think that we're gonna do what we gotta do because that's the assignment. Alright, well, governor Westmore for president for 2032. Ladies, governor Westmore. Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate you for joining us. I appreciate Y'all. Absolutely real. Thank you. And You know anytime you're in town, pull up on us You know it. We don't like the Zoom stuff, so you gotta pull up on us in person. That's it. We understand you busy. So we You know. Y'all should come. Y'all should come down to Annapolis. She'd come down to Maryland. We'd love to There. Yeah. Are you related to Jess? Because Jess's last name is Moore. Jess hilarious. No, no. I I I'm not But she's, she's she's my cousin in my head.


Okay. Okay. She's the crazy cousin in your head. She's my crazy cousin in my head. And. I. Tell you what, Baltimore, we're proud of Jess. Yeah. We're proud of Jess, Baltimore, Jess, she'll be back soon. Yeah. Yeah. She refs us. She refs Well, it's Governor West Moore. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Hi, I'm Esy Cup And. I've spent my career interviewing people about politics, residential elections, and some really tough breaking news. But now I need a break. And I. Think you do too. So on my new podcast off the Cup, I'll still be interviewing people usually famous and most likely my friends, but about life. You know the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. So come join me every Wednesday for some conversational self-care. Listen to Off the Cuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, I'm Gianna Denti and I'm Jamma Jackson Gadsden. We're the hosts of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think of Us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry, poor If. you start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation. Then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone. Amy Robach here along with TJ Holmes, and we have a very exciting announcement to make to all of you. We are now going to be coming to you Monday through Friday for a new part of our Amy and TJ franchise. If. you will the morning run. We're gonna help listeners navigate the busy news cycle and the historic political season that the country is facing. And we're gonna do this now each and every day. Listen To Morning Run on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma Goon. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back. And this season we're taking in a run bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, saying That the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.