
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow The Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen,


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out today. Lauren's holding it down. And of course we got our niece Nala here and we got a special guest in the building. Brother Teddy swims. Hey man, Teddy, you feeling man? Teddy swims. I'm so honored to be here, man. I'm funked. Ah, man. Happy to have you here. I'm really, really excited. Dude, I I'm, we, we did our album release party last night though, so, you know, again, excuse my drinking for you don't have to excuse for drinking early in the morning. You see that one over There? Let's cheers. She does. And all of your success, Baby, be on the way. What? Alright, why y'all here telling my business?


Sorry. Well, Congrat. No, He said you got a baby on I thought you said, I was like, we need to drink right now. Well, Congratulations Drinking with a pregnant woman. Teddy, how do you feel? First of all, can stop. I don not have No baby on the way. She ain't got a man yet. How's she gonna get pregnant without a man? Oh God. I I misread that whole situation. Sorry. Let's start, let's start over. Can we go back from the Top? Congratulations, congrat. Congratulations On the way. Thank you guys from my baby on the way. Yeah. Yes. You have one on the way. Absolutely. Yeah. You're drinking with a pregnant man is early. Tell us about yourself, Teddy. Man, that's so loaded. Not really Just, who are you? I'm my daddy's son.


There you go. That's about it really. From, I'm from Georgia, from, from about 30 minutes east of Atlanta in Conyers, Georgia. Okay. Rockdale County. And, you know, I like singing songs and I'm a good, good, good boy. You have a very soulful, soulful voice. Did you grow up in the church? Yeah, so my granddad was a Pentecostal pastor. I didn't grow up singing in a church a lot, but I, you know, I, I definitely grew up with, I guess like, you know, fire and brimstone for sure. Man. With the, with the fear of God. Yeah. You know what, Emini here and You are afraid to sin. Oh, no, no, not, not these days. Emini here. Shit, You know, I'm saying, I'm just talking about like, back in the day, was it like a very Religious household?


Oh man. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like what, like, like girls don't get haircuts, you know, girls wear skirts, men wear jeans, like that kind of thing. Yeah. It was real, real kind of tight. And I was Emini here. I'm very fortunate. I guess I, I feel like I still subscribe to so many of the beliefs like Emini here. Not the beliefs, but the, like, the principles of, you know, even the beliefs aren't there. I, I do love that. My, my granddad was, as I was growing up with my granddad, he was, he was like, we wouldn't even go to restaurants that would have a bar in the restaurant, you know? And not that he ever had a problem drinking, but it was just, he stood on his belief so much. The thing that I was always with him was that I, I, I didn't subscribe to the idea that like, telling people that they're wrong and this is the only way to believe something. I remember he'd look at other churches and be like, think that the only way he believed it was right.


I remember, I remember the first time I sang at his church, I might have been 17 or 16 or something, And I remember him saying, like, coming to me and talking to me and going like, you know, I want you singing at a church bud, but man, all these kids are like, break dancing and carry it on for the Lord. And, And I was like, yo, pop, like nobody's broke dance since like, my, my mom was the child. He was so good. And if they wanna break dance for the Lord, pop, like, let 'em break dance for the Lord. You know? He was, he was very, you know, stern, like just by the book. If it wasn't in the Bible then it was a sin. You know what Emini here in front of rebellious. Yeah. Hell yeah. You know, but my, my mom was worse than I was. I remember, I remember getting in trouble for all sorts of shit and being like, I'm not, I'm not doing any of that.


I, I, she was, she was thought I was doing all sorts of message Emini here, but she was a pastor's kid. My mother was the Well, let's, I I wanted to, you know, when you talk about rebellious, you started off playing football. All right? So Yes sir. You was, I heard your family was a big football family, so what got you from football to singing? My Dear friend Jesse, you an old guard. I could see that. Yeah. Yeah. You, yeah. That's what you played. No guard. Yeah. And I An offensive offensive guard as well. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. And I, I but Emini here, I just, five foot seven wasn't really happening, you know, I just You were in High school, middle school at the time. Yeah, but I've been five foot seven since I was in eighth grade, you know, and so I thought they thought I was gonna be big, you know, and then it just, I, it didn't happen.


Guys started shooting up to six foot two and three And I whooping my ass off the line after. So What got you into arts? Like Two acting. So my different Jesse, who still plays with me, I've known him since I was a little kid. His dad was always in bands and stuff, and, and it's, and so we, we started trying to experiment and play music and stuff. And his, his older sister was in musical theater and got us into musical theater and, And I just kind of fell in love with singing and, and, you know, I couldn't, I, I was so, I was hooked. I was hooked. The singing has changed my life. I wasn't good always, but I fell in love with it, you know? And I remember telling my mom that I was, I was gonna not do football anymore And I was gonna sing, and she was so, so hurt, like, brought out all my memorabilia, like, I can't believe you do this to us.


We were playing football, you know? And I remember my first little, we did this show called Damn Yankees. I did like two lines in it, I think. And I, after I got done, I come off stage and she was like, I'm so sorry, baby, this is where you belong, really? You're a star. You know, after like, I did like two lines, you know, but it was what You mean by you weren't always good at it? Like, how do you, you Sound amazing. I was shocked so bad. We were so bad at it, you know? He was in a group. Well, no, just me and my buddy Jesse, he still plays guitar Writes and, and, and he used to plays guitar in my band still. And we, we used to just always, you know, as we were learning and trying to build bands together and do it as kids, you know, we just were really bad. You know, we, we sucked. Like, we were just not good.


I, like you couldn't still find actually on YouTube. I was a senior in high school. My first band, heroic Bear is still on YouTube, our, our first little ep. And I was in like a metal core band at the time. And so you could still hear me like screaming away and like singing and, And I, if you, you definitely don't pull it up now. I would be too late. Too late. Not, not in front of me. I'm just saying not in front of because I, I'm cringe, but if you wanna hear it up, guys, you know, you know the routine. If you hear it, dude, you're gonna be like, okay. Yeah, you got good. Did you Get lessons or did you practice, or How did you get so good? Well, I think I was so lucky. Emini here. I was in theater, you know, And I had a lot of good friends and that were singing. But I think, I think the biggest thing was growing up in the, like when the YouTube era was first kind of starting, you know, and if I had questions or if I wanted to know how to sing, there was always a live version of singer singing, you know?


Right. So like, I, I could, I could watch like, live videos of how, how is, how are they moving their throat? How are they moving their jaws? How are they? Oh yo, that was crazy. Dang. I dissect it, you know, I could, I could just sit there and watch YouTube videos and see people singing live, you know, like, I remember I was in credit recovery watching Craig David, you know, like singing Craig David singing like, and credit recovery. I would pull up like a YouTube proxy and just have it behind the video and just like, listen to Craig David just, I'm walking away And I could see, I could, I could listen to live videos and watch their them play, you know, and singing. It was like, do You think you like, I guess saw somebody like Craig David and like mimicked him and that's how you found your Voice? Oh, totally.


Yeah. Yeah. We, you know, Emini here, some of the best man, some of the best that ever did it. Marvin Gaye watching Otis Reding, man listening to Al Green, you know, this, this like, this, this are Emini here. It doesn't get better. Golden. How did you figure out what, what your, like, your warm spot was gonna be even genre wise, because you're listed as a multi-gen vocalist, people put you in RB country, rock and pop. So how did you, at what point did you know, like, okay, it's gonna be a mixture of all this? Or did you try different things? I think, I think I was just, I, I love, I love this instrument so much. You know, this, this, I was, I was so hooked on this instrument and so whatever it felt like it would, would work. I'd be, I, I'm such a fan of this instrument, you know, by instruments mean your throat voice.


Yeah. I, I, I, if I hear or scream or, or, or, or sing anybody doing anything with their mouth that I don't know how to do, I'm, I don't mean it like that, you know What you mean? Man, he just can't stop Teddy, he just can't stop. Yo, this is him. Don't do that to me. We're just getting started Listening. I'm listening. I like it. He Likes it. This keep going, Teddy. So, okay, so that's the issue. Anything that can anybody that can do something with their mouth, which you can't do, Continue. I, I do see how that sounds now that you said it. I'm laughing too. No, I, so I, I Emini here. I, I just fell in love with the instrument And I was like, I want to, I wanna know how to do, I wanna know how to access that, you know, however people do it, whether it's screaming, whether it's opera, whether it's, whatever it is, I, I wanna be able to do that.


I wanna know. I just, I'm so in love with this, this thing. We're so capable of expressing emotion and lending, you know, life stories that way. And I just fell in love with, there's a Science to it that I think people don't respect. That's how I know you, you are a real artist. Just the fact that you keep calling your vocal and instruments. Hell Yeah, man. It's, it's, it's such a muscle that, that, And I think it's the only instrument that you can kind of take everywhere with you and practice at all times, you know, but it's also, it's bound to by your, like, your decisions or your, like travel your sickness or whatever's going on, you know, it's, it's always, it's always ever changing and bound to what, you know, what you did last night and waking up at nine 30 and sounding like shit the next day.


You know? So it's, it's always bound to you. And I think, I think, I think, I think it's still like one thing in The World that it's like your thumbprint on The World, you know, your voice is, is only yours. You can, you can with a, with a guitar, you could take the same amp, play the same lick with the same exact guitar and the same pedal and sound the same, but with your voice. It's like, only you have that, you know? And it's such a special thing. And your circumstance and your, your heartbreak and all that stuff is all a part of something that makes you so uniquely you, you know? And then you started doing these covers, right? And you started covering songs and then you did one cover that started shooting up crazy. So talk about that a little bit. Oh, I think Shania Twain, I'm still the one was our, like, that was the one that really kind of went crazy for us.


I, I, that was, you know, I love my mama and, and my mama loved Shania Twain when I was coming up. I love Shania Twain too. That that was, that was a real life changing one for us. And I, I, I, our first one we started out with was, 'cause June 25th, 2019 was the first time I, I never even expected doing covers, you know, online. And, and we had found like the, we had found the, the stems of Rock with you online. Michael Jackson. Yeah. And so it was, it was 10 years right after he passed, it was his 10 year anniversary. And so I was like, man, we should just do Rock With You by Michael Jackson just to pay homage to him and for the, you know, and then, and we uploaded it and it started doing well and it was like, man, we should just keep this, I guess this Cover train kind of going.


So we, we kept on for, you know, the next few months. And I, I think, I think, I think the beautiful thing about starting with, with Rock With You, it started getting, you know, like I said, the first day we woke up we had like 10,000 views and it was so life changing for us. We're like, boys we're getting hammered. This is sick. And I think, I think it was, it was such a weird thing because once it hit like this, this critical mass of like maybe 500,000 views, I think people were looking at seeing the way I look and then seeing the Rock with you, you know, and saying Rock with You by Michael Jackson and me and, and I'm in, you know, looking like an absolute redneck and saying like, either this is hilarious or this is actually really good. And I think for our benefit it was, it was kind of both, you know?


'cause just the fact that I was singing that song, but doing it well was, was just, you know, kind of funny and surprisingly good. You know, the First time I got put on you, it was actually in the barbershop, my barber tie you because it, it was on YouTube and he had you playing And I'm like, that is coming outta that. You know what I'm saying? I think that's been a special thing for me yesterday. And Emini here it is. I don't wanna say it's a novelty thing, but it is one of those things that gets your attention. It does. You Know? Yeah. I think, I think there, I think there has been a, I I think there's been something that we have been able to lean in that, that it doesn't look like what it, you know, or doesn't look like what it sounds like. Right. And I think that's been something that's been so beautiful for, for me, is to be able to have such an, a mode of expressive voice and look like I'm, I make fart jokes, you know?


And I do And I do fart jokes of entertaining. Yeah. You know? 'cause I know we all know what heartbreak is like, and we all think farts are funny. Absolutely. And that's, that's just kind of my mo and, and it's, It's not about what comes out your as that's funny nowadays is about what goes in what goes in can make you funny though. Check in, Make you walk funny too. Please make you funny too. Are y'all bonding? I just wanna know y'all Mind, nigga. I just curious, just curious. A lot of throat jokes. Boob jokes, man. They all worried about trying to, man, that's why I ain't got no man because they all worried about you knock it all. Oh my God. Now Teddy, you, why have we tried everything with therapy? Well, I, I have tried therapy now, sir. So I, I've, I've, you know, even as we're, we're getting ready to have our kid, me and my girls have been doing even couples therapy too.


Congrat too, which has been so wonderful and making sure we're coming in and having this child in the most healed, communicative, communicative, what is the word I'm looking for? What I'm Saying. I know. Communicative. Yeah. And, and we're, we're trying to make sure we're doing it. We're separately and, and couples therapy and bringing, bringing this baby in the, you know, the right way. And, and hopefully in the Emini here, we're still gonna have baggage of course, but the most heal, healed, safest environment possible. But I, I, I think, I think naming the album that was, was kind of to have that conversation and with myself, to get myself to go. I think there's just like been in generations past and even still there's this like, connotation on therapy that we are like, so I know we're not, we're not allowed to, we're not allowed to go to that or we're not allowed to share our feelings or emotions, especially men.


Yeah. You know, and, And I, I just, it's been life changing for me. And I, I did have even this in my brain that I was like, I'm not crazy. I don't need that shit. You know? I had this for so long that I was like, I know myself. I don't need nobody to tell me what's wrong with me. You know? And I, And I, And I, I feel like I, I, I feel like once I got it to it, it was so much different than I thought it would be too. And I feel like there was something beautiful about having that first album and not trying it and being in a place of turmoil and heartbreak with somebody that was made me feel like my feelings were invalid or, or not allowed to have. And, and having this part two coming out and being this thing of, I've tried therapy, I'm back in love, I'm having a child, I'm, I'm got some level of success in this.


And you know, on the back of heartbreak, it does get better on the other side, you know? Absolutely. And, And I, I'm, I'm just so grateful for, Was it, was you going to therapy? Was that pushed on you? Not pushed on you, but did your girlfriend kind of like, influence you to do that? Or was something you wanted To do? I've, I've been, I've been, you know, I, again, I was, I was, I was, the plan was to have tried therapy after I put out the record. It was like kind of my promise to myself at the first one. Like, I'm gonna go to therapy. And I did push it off for a long time, but I think, I think when we first found out we were kind of pregnant, she was like, you know what we should do, we should do it. It was never to push on a therapy, like, to me to have my own therapy. Right. But I think, I think she's such a wonderful person. I think she was just like, we should do therapy together as like a couple's therapy so we make sure we bring our kid in.


Yeah. And it kind of, once I felt how that was, I was like, you wanted do her, I should do some therapy by myself too. And she's like, I think that's a great idea. So it was never kind of pushed. Yeah. It was kind of like, I think she planted a little seeds for me to man. Strong ass woman. Yeah. Good. Come on bro. Yeah, bro. Strong ass woman Now. I think she just kind of knew how to like, plant a little seed for me to find it on my own, which is what it should be like, you know? Know it should Be. One of the things I read you talked about is you want to, you're, are you already back down south and left LA from the fire? So You planning on it? No, we're, we're, we're, we're in LA still. We're, we're in the valley. And Emini here also. We, we, I think we're, we're doing okay. We, we haven't seen like, you know, it was a, we had seen a little bit of smoke in our area, but we, we haven't been home because of I don't want her breathing that thing, you know?


Yeah. But I think I, I will say though, what's been so beautiful about that situation and, and my, my prayers and prayers and prayers and so much prayers has gone into that. And I, I what makes me feel like, I think us as a societies, I, I feel like we can all be so jaded and so like tough and hardcore, but when, when a, when a tragedy happens, you see how like quick people are to come together and love each other and be that that community in LA is like coming together and everybody's donating their time and their money and food. And I know I just, I haven't seen, I haven't seen a place be that, you know, like we really, we, we, we unite when everybody's going through something together, you know what, Emini here. And It shouldn't be that way.


Yeah. It shouldn't it shouldn't be like that all the Time. I'm glad, I'm glad that that's happening. You know, it, it makes me, it it reinstalls my faith in humanity that I know when shit hits the fan. We all do love each other, you know, at the core of it all, we're all like, we love each other Because I think regardless of if you black, white, gay, straight, rich, poor, when a mother nature hits, none of us, none of that matters. Yeah. We just all at the mercy of Mother Nature, but At least we're all, we look out for each other at the end of the day. And I think that's what's so beautiful, man. IIII it's, this is like, it instilled by fate again in like, in, in society. I'm like, God, I love that we all have just pulled together. And So are you gonna stay in LA with the baby? 'cause you're gonna move down south. You said you were gonna With the baby. Yeah, I, so I wa I, I Emini here. Of course I'm probably still gonna have to like, rent in la I think I might still just rent, but I was gonna buy and it did spook me.


I wanna, I wanna be able to like, I might move back, you know, maybe to Nashville where I could work and still be like four hours from the parents if they wanna drive up and see a baby. But I also want my little boy to have like a little or, or girl, I don't know. But I Keep that money in the south man. And your money goes farther outside. I want my baby had a little southern accent, you know what I'm saying? I don, I don't have like, I want open doors and you Know that charm. Hi, Good afternoon. How about It? First of all, door slam on, open the doors in New York a little bit For the gang gang that's walking in behind y'all at the spot, y'all For nobody, the gang, you know, Darnell Rollins thinks that He's the reason Man that you're having a baby. But he said that y'all, I saw y'all on, he was on his podcast.


He said, Yeah. And you said you wanted to have a kid and he told you that you was gonna have one. But He man, and this, oh God, I can't tell you enough how much like, man, when they say don't meet your heroes, they was right. Darnell Raws is a piece of shit. Nice human being. I agree with you. He's the nicest person. But you, Anything did you say about him? I agree with you. Your initial statement. Well, no, keep the rest of it. I don't want him hear that and then be like, damn bro, I fucking love you, dude. That's been one of the nicest. He sings me all the time, man. He's like, he sends me, we just talked yesterday and he's, he's my fucking hero man. Ell Roll Dude. He's such a nice little man.


He Google a small town he grew up in, did you see what he came up such a hat. Did you see when he was up here last time? No, But he, he was just doing, what was the radio? Radio Saturday Radio. That's picture. I just missed him. We came in, I just missed him too. And he, he sent me, he sent me, he was on yesterday, the day before or something like that. And he just sent me him. He was singing yourself. Ah, who? Yeah, but man, my, he's So Why you don't have Donelle tattoo in near your cock? What, what You have, he have Dave Chappelle tattoo near his cock. Y'all, didn't You? Why the, you had preference. Preference that Conversation. I have a Dave right here, man. Actually, what made You put Dave right there though? I was just, I don't have that much room left. Oh, Inner thigh Stepped in, dude, in my car.


Okay. You show, do you show him like, Hey, look at my No, no. I did get, I did, I did get to meet him like last year he had like this Grammy party And I got, he was doing this open jam thing and it was cool And I gotta meet him And I was like, Hey, look Dave, I I got a tattoo of you. He was like, hell yeah, you know, we dapped up about it And I was like, I'm not gonna drop trow, you know, and show you my tattoo. Of course I, And I also don't want him be like, you Can show a picture. Yeah, I, yeah, I don't know. I just also then I don't want him, I don't want him think what he thinks and that it is like too close to How long And it's really not that close. I'm not hanging that bad anyway. So it's really not that Serious. How long you heard it? A couple years.


So when a woman's down there, Why are you so infatuated with this dance? Because a man's face cock Emini here Has a bunch of tattoo. It's what I'm saying is it's not, it's not that close, dude. I, I'm not working with that much. My man's Telling like, we wanna see so bad. It's, it's a lot harder than you think. Probably name. I don't have to do a show. I ain't hold I thought that you said so Darnell. Yeah, he's cool. But I thought you said it was the night of the MTV awards that you found out. You figured, you backtracked it and thought that that was the night that you conceived your kid. Yeah, yeah. The the, the VMAs is v when we conceived. Yeah. So it had nothing to do with Donne for real. No, but sort Age kind of.


That's what Predicted. I didn't, I didn't after I, I would, I was in, I was in Europe when I talked to Donne and we were talking about it. That was before we knew we were pregnant. You manifested. Okay, gotcha. So I guess we might've been already pregnant at that time. You know, we were pregnant at that time, but I didn't find out until way later we were playing Austin City Limits, which was, I don't know, when Do you guys know when we played? October? October is when we found out. So we're doing June Drink. Lauren, you keep the cover. I wanna, okay. I'm The name Teddy swims. You don't have to do that. We got it. We got you. We got you. We got you the guest. Well, I don, but yeah, I just handed that to her and look back this way I was like, I was like, my mama would've whoop my Ass. No, no, no. We, I was was just like, yes ma'am.


Thank you. You grew up on a dirt road. No, not on a dirt road, but Emini here. It, it, it was paved, I guess. Yeah, I grew up, I'm from the South Carolina, but we had chickens. But it was paved though. It was, we had chickens. We had chickens. Now The name Teddy swims, where did that the name come from? I've been called Teddy forever. My real name's Jayn. And I think as I was like going up a church and waiting tables and stuff and it just, for old ladies, that was tough. Jayden was real tough on them. They had just Ja, Jamie James, you know. So just Jayden. What type of old ladies A name? I was gonna say they wait old ladies. 'cause for us, that's like, Jayden is regular. I appreciate that. I I don I don't really know how to respond to that.


Trouble wasn't normal to me. Well you, it's not that hard to I not That hard to say In trouble what Teddy twins said. You heard somebody say what kind of lady? He's like, ah, shit, lemme try to avoid that question. Teddy was just, you know, got coined is, you know, I've just been Teddy, you know, it's our little teddy. I was just looked like this without a beard for most of my life. But Swims is the acronym though, right? Yeah, yeah. For someone who I massage sexually. Huh? No, I don't say, yo, I massage.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Welcome. My name is Paola Pedroza, a medium and the host of the Ghost Therapy podcast, where it's not just about connecting with deceased loved ones, it's about learning through them and their new perspective. Join me on the Ghost Therapy podcast. Whoa, my lights in my living room just flickered. I am a little nervous. I'm excited, I'm excited. Nervous. You know, I'm a very spiritual person, so I'm like, I'm ready and open. That was amazing. I feel so grateful right now. I got to speak to my great-grandmother Aela and she gave me a lot of really good advice And I'm gonna have to really think about. Wow. Okay. That's crazy. Yes, that is accurate. Listen to the Ghost Therapy podcast as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Someone who is a me sometimes. Okay. I've been, I've been just been switching it up lately. Trying to think of new ones like Soft Wiener in my shorts. Like I've been thinking of new ones. You turning him on right? This? No, that New cold. You hate the see how many What does that mean though? Someone who is in me sometimes. Like, you mean like so you turn into this character Is what you're saying? No, I don't know. It was, I, I, I'd first originally found it on like this, this, this forum, which it was like, it was like a, every time swim does this swim becomes like, you know, it it was like, it was like a drug form. I found it on And I was like, people were saying someone who isn't me. So it was like kind of like a asking for a friend thing, I guess we just like added an S on it sw like the plural form. And it was like my, my entire kind of group at the time.


And then Teddy kind of slapped in front of it and it just eventually became Teddy swims like Yeah. Itself. Like it was, I don know, it just kind of stuck, you know, it was like swims was our unit and then it was like Teddy swims from like, like Teddy from swims kind of situation. And it was like, you know, just like you would maybe have like a yeah, like a ASAP Rocky and ASAP Fe that swims was kind of our like unit. Gotcha. So it was like Teddy swims and then it just stuck. Can you actually swim? No. Oh wow. I can, I can. You might be black for real Sound. Can't swim. Boy. Yo. It's so Jay. Jayden can't swim. Jayden can't swim. I don know how to respond to that.


Yeah, I feel, I feel like my face is getting red. Like I'm blooding And I like you remember the first time I don know. I don't know why I'm ting either. Is tequila, is the tequila. I know, I don know. Does the horseshoe around your neck like mean something or represent something or No, this is just a cute necklace. Just fly. Okay. Yeah, It's like a, yeah, I don't know. I feel like, like he was saying, your outside looks so much different than what I thought you would look like from when I first heard you. I'm just curious as to like, what are some of your interests outside of music? I'm, I'm, I'm gonna have to get back to you that, 'cause I don't know. You know, I've been, I've really, I've really been, I've really been in this place where we, we've been discussing like hobbies, you know, And I think of like, I would like to have some of them.


Mm. You know, I think I, it would be cool to have something outside this. I think, I think being a father is gonna be the best thing that's ever happened to me because of that. I feel like, I feel like I'm gonna learn the how to be like, present in a different way. You know? I feel currently there's, I say this all the time, there's like a 9-year-old on TikTok who's better at than at, at our job than any of us of us are. All of course. Like they, they do all of our job, you know? And so I just always feel like I'm in this place of like, go get it, go get it. Somebody else's getting it. If I'm not getting it, even when I sit down and watch a TV show, I'm like, I should be, I should be going, I should be going, I should be going. And I think, I think what I'm really looking for of that baby teaching me is that when I'm watching TV or sitting there, I I, I know that being present with that child's gonna be the most productive thing.


I could be doing it, doing nothing at all with that child. And so I think I'm gonna make my home balance and my work balance all matter more in that way. And so I, I've been thinking about hobbies, but I think like I'm gonna be, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pick up hobbies that that baby likes. Like, that baby wants to play football, we gonna be out there fucking hit somebody. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna be a damn coach, baby. I'm going, you gonna see me like with my Netflix special? Like how like Snoop Dogg had the whole league going. That's what I'm trying, I'm we going, we gonna be in that bitch. That's so what you gonna do like that? I wanna, I wanna, I want I wanna be football coach, you know, or, or whatever it is. You know, whatever, whatever happens. Cheerleading coach. I don't care. Whatever I love to say.


You really think it's a boy? Yeah. Yeah. I hope so. I I would because You didn't mention cheerleading. Well, what else can Cheerlead Too? Yeah. Yeah. I just, I just, I I I got two little brothers that are eight and 10 years younger, so I know how to white poop off of balls, you know what I'm saying? I think first time around I'd like a boy. Yeah, I'd like a i a girl right now, like discipline's out the window for me. I'm like, yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Better Than a girl. How? Yeah, I got four, I got four girls too. I wanted boys too, but I ended up with all four girls. I can't wait man. My, yeah, my, my dad is four. I'm one of four boys and so he, he wants a girl, you know? And were You a hoe in a past life? Like, I was literally about to say, Were you a hoe? Like did you, why say did you get a lot? Did you swim a lot in the, Oh, I don say in a past life I was like, shit, not a life Before you got your, no, before you got with woman.


Now were you, you know. No, I was, I was always, I I I Emini here. I had my fun like, like after my last relationship before this one, it was the first time I was like single and famous And I was like, this is cool. I had my little, I swam in a little bit. You know what Emini here, but groupies. Yeah. It was cool. Love you though, baby. But, but I, I never, I, I wasn't, I wasn't too, I was like a serial dater for a long time in my life. You know what Emini here, like Being In Love and, and and, and doing the same thing for a long time. But I, I did have my fun before I, you know, because they say If you are a whole, you can't have boys. A lot of girls. Yeah. Yeah. You can only have girls. That's why he has four girls. Yeah. You as a Hoe.


You got girls too. And I Got two boys though too. I got six, I got Was mid ho. Alright. I don Charlie, I, I was very, very sweet. How did you know that your girlfriend right now was the one? Because you met her, you met her at a show, right? She came to 20 shows. She Was absolute babe. Were you kidding me? How could she? She's the one you seen that girl? No, I've seen Her. She's Gorgeous. Gracious. What? But how, how did Angel man, how did, if you're dating and like, what was the thing for, was it like you saw her and you just knew it was The conversation? Well, I had been listen into her music for a while too. So my, my dear friend Arsenio Archer, he's a, a producer. We went to high school together and he's like, man, he came to my studio a couple years ago and was like, Hey man, I wanna show you this girl I've been working with. I listened to her song, they've made, I don't think the song ever came out.


And I looked her up And I was like, whoa. Got bricked up. So She looked like a random person at a Shot. Come on Brick Up, bro. Yes sir. I thought she was like in the crowd. And I saw her And I messaged her. It's like, I love you. And then a couple years later, I'm going back to Atlanta. She was living in Atlanta at the time. And her, her, her roommate was like a fan. She was like, Hey, my roommate, you know, wants to come to the show. We'd love to come to the show. Come see you. And I was like, please come to the show. I would love to have you. I'll put you on the gas list. And she came and shut And I said, you know, rolled up a Play-Doh snake and fucking that's Right. What, you know what? Turn his swag On.


What's your rib like? Tell me what the rib was like. So what'd you say? What'd you say, Teddy? I trying to shoot my shot. Hi, how are ya? And it, That was the shot. Really? Kind of like that. Yeah. Hi, I, I love you Immediately. I love you already. Yeah, I've, that's my first thing. I message her a couple years before that. I said, girl, I'm, I'm gonna shoot my shot. What's going on? Like, I, I don't know. I don You knew, you knew when you saw her, you Were Well, so I think, I think it's so important to, to like in in, in relationships with anybody navigating relationships, that's just not the person to waste time with relationships. I think it's like, even, even with like, even if, if it's me and this person and we're both single, I'm just like, okay, let's get this, let's just clear the air out.


Do you find me attractive? I find you attractive. Do we do anything about that? Are we gonna be friends? You know, like let's just navigate this before we both thinking about it And I'm going home and I'm beating off and then I'm thinking about you. But we're supposed to be best friends. And then, you know what I'm saying? Let's not do all this. Let's not, let's not play around no gray Area. That's Yeah. You know, I'm navigating my relationships. Those are Healthy conversations. No, I think, I think women appreciate the Emini here. I don't, I don know if it was that straightforward, but I think women can Appreciate the honesty. I didn't tell I to go home And I didn't do that. But didn't say that. I just saying You think about it. That's you. I didn't say that. I'm just saying that's, that's, I'm saying I just as an example of not something I would say, but as, as a, it's a Thought process.


Lean on intentions early is definitely appreci. Think Women appreciate that, you know, and, and if not, then that's cool. We can both, we can both acknowledge that we're attractive and also be pals, you know? Well it works. We're adults here. We can, we can navigate relationships with beautiful women. You know. Can I, can we talk about some of this music on this new album? Sure. I'd love to Not your man by way. You, you gotta leave in about four minutes. Shut up. They said it's 9 45. Check Out. I'm having fun, Dude. I'm not, don't check the text. You should have shut up. Not Your man is a very vulnerable record. Thank you, sir. Have you ever Really felt like you gave everything to a woman and it wasn't enough? Yeah. Hell yeah, man. I, I Emini here I was, I I was in a place where I, I think it was important to start this one out like that.


'cause I, I was, I, I'd wrote this forever And I was, I was in a place with somebody where my, I don know. I, I, it's, it's hard. I don't wanna talk about I her in a way that, because I, and now I've, as I've grown and healed and moved on, it's, I, I I thank her for, for what we went through, you know? And I, I'm good. I'm grateful for that time and space that we had together and that, that pain. But I was at a place yeah. Where I felt like I was given everything and, And I, my, my feelings and my I was, was not validated or it was not enough or I was crazy or feeling this way, or I was, it was, it was abusive situation. I don I don I don't wanna, I don't wanna say it. While emotionally Abusive Or Oh, both man, physically she was, she was just not good.


She was not a good person. And I, I don't, you know, I I I never say I I hope it best for her now. And I don't wanna say that, you know, it's, it's a, it is a tough thing to talk about. Like yeah, I got you. I I I've won the best for her. But yeah, it was a very tough thing to try to try to heal somebody, try to make space for someone to heal, try to give somebody everything and them to not, you would think, you would think if you had a, if you had a passion, I'll just make it like this. You had a passion in your life and you had somebody in your life that says, you can quit your job and just focus on your passion. I'll take care of the rest. You got it. And you don't do anything with your life, but you just go on, just eat Xanax all day and lay around and blame somebody for your shortcomings.


When you, you had the opportunity to follow your dream and somebody that would support you in your dreams and you'd be you, you'd be like so surprised to see if somebody had the opportunity to follow their dreams and they had everything taken care of, how many people would be like, oh, if everything's taken care of, I don't gonna do shit anymore. You know? And, and you can't, you can't put ambition and drive into somebody. You can't, you can't, you can't heal nobody. You can't save nobody. And I, I've started to go on that tangent, but from that, And I, I like that lil from that situation, do you feel like you no longer enable because it's like though you wanna do something out of love to better somebody, sometimes it's to their own detriment. Yeah, I think, I think I, yeah, I think it's an, it was an enabling at the end of the day, you know, I was doing something to help someone become, but I think at the end of the day I was enabling somebody to do nothing.


And if that was inside of them, I was enabling that. And I think it's a common pattern, you know? But I, I, yes, I'm trying to heal and learn to not see somebody wants to be this and or see what somebody for who see somebody for who they are and not who I want them to be or think they should be. But that's even outside of relationships. Like how are you handling just those type of boundaries now? We're, you know, we're working on boundaries at all. Emini here, I'm learning those, you know, that, that's a huge step for me. Just boundaries is in general, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a full-time job just navigating having them, you know. So do you Feel guilty when you're like, no, I can't do that.


Yes. Yeah. Emini here, but I can tell you Got a big heart. But people will Take advantage of it. Hell yeah. And I, And I, I'm so grateful to be, I don't, I don't wanna say I'm grateful to be taking advantage of it. I'm grateful to be available. You know, you, It's, everybody's gonna use you, but don't let people misuse You. Amen. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I heard this advice from this, well we was meet and greet one time and this beautiful, this lady, she said she was a therapist. She said, the way people, the way people treat you is a reflection of the way they see you. You know, the way people treat you is a, a reflection of the way they see you. The way you let people treat you is a reflection of the way you see yourself. Ain't that beautiful? Yeah, that's right. And deep. And it stuck with me, man. It's such a, and so I'm learning boundaries.


Yesterday I have a la last question for you and meeting you and just hearing you talk about, first of all, you're just such a nice person. Oh, my daddy's son. Yes ma'am. Thank you. I was reading this interview you talked about, 'cause your girlfriend's black and you talked about like, when you guys are in the south, you get like, looks from people and like it bothers you because love should be love. How do you guys now have, you're about to bring a baby into The World. You're so positive. She seems so amazing. But The World is not always like that. Like what's your, like how do you defeat that? 'cause you're really a really nice person. Like it breaks my heart. Emini here, you know, thinking about that Emini here. I, I hate, I hate how much she's go throughs and, and she's, you know, so her, her dad's black and her mom's white. Yeah. So she, she's, she's gone through this like, tells me about stuff all the time.


About like, you know, how she felt not white enough or not black it up and how much her, her like world in her life has been such a, yeah, I guess like a juxtaposition in both sides. You know, feeling like she wasn't quite accepted by either side, you know? Yeah. And so this is not a story. I won't, I won't tell you her story 'cause she's better at saying it than I am. I'll never tell you her story, but I, I I see how like, how beautiful she is and, and, and, and how, how, I guess how like, elegant she navigates being who she is. I love the way you talk about her. She's the most incredible human being I've ever met. Man. I got a good counselor for y'all to talk to. I, okay, I would love that. Dr.


Omar Johnson like, Oh God, you don't wanna talk to him? Listen, come back this way. Focus over here. Don't, don't. Nope. Speaking of black and white. No, no. The song with money alone. Yes sir. That title's a little on in those, don't you think? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Emini here. Yeah. I think, I think that, I think that the point of, it was kind of the, the, I think it to the core of love in itself is black and white. Like it's a, it's a black and white issue. Love is love and not love is not love and loving. Whether, if it's a person of a different color, shape, size, sexuality, same sex, whatever it is, I think that the, the thing was trying to say that we, no matter what, we could come from different worlds.


It's, it's a true, I guess Romeo and Juliet story, you know, kind of as the, the basis of it is that like, you know, we, we come from different places. We come from different cultures, we have different things. But when you are in love, man, love is love and, and that should be enough. And that's really, they ain't, there ain't nothing great about that man. It's just love, you know? Love is love baby. You know, I, I love that record and it's a good st stand because, you know, money Long recently went viral for saying she's not writing soulful songs for white artists. Did you see that? I did not. Oh, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm glad I got that one before she said exactly. I'm glad I got one talking about the, we just missed the cutoff.


But that shows How much she respects you though. Yeah, it does mean a lot. Sweethearts. That song done How Ago, maybe she hates that song. That's why she said that she gave it to you. Song's Like, fucking Teddy Man, I'm not doing that again. When did she do that song? Was that a long, did she do that a while ago or? Yeah, We did it, it's, it's gotta be a few months ago. Now my dear friend Jeff Kitty. And Mickey Echo was a part of it with us too. And we had, we had like, started working on it. And I remember Jeff Kitty has, has been working with money for long years and years, and he's like, man, should we see if, if Marnie wants to do this song with us? And I was like, Emini here. Yeah. That's like, that's, we, we, we'd kind of like to do a record like this.


We would kind of need that, you know, I, I would be so stoked if she'd be willing to, 'cause I, I knew what I kind of wanted to say, but also I can't say that, you know, without having money help me say that. You know? Right. But also without like relying too much, I, you know, I think I needed to, we needed to say that with, you know, together. And so I'm, I'm just grateful she took that opportunity to say, I see what you're trying to say. I'll have you say that, you know, and, and set it with me. And I, I think I'm, I'm so grateful for her. 'cause money's just a legend, man. What a bad badass bitch man. Love Man. Now you also said you wanted to meet one of your musical idols. Were Stevie Wonder. Yeah. Did you ever get an opportunity? Yeah. You know, we haven't met in person, but I I Faith FaceTimed you.


Yeah. Yeah. And I got, I got a chance to do a record with him too. So I I I think he's gonna put out on his next record. I, I hope so. I hope it's gonna come out. I'm, I'm really excited. It's it's a good record. It's called Politic Player and Wow. Yeah. Which is such a honor to be on, on Steve, on record. But yeah, he did FaceTime me. I'll tell you about it. It's so funny, man. He, he FaceTimed me. Did he hold The camera up himself? Yeah. And here's the thing, here's the thing. He is actually blind, y'all. He, this is true life. He was blind. I I can, I I'm saying, people say it, people, there's a conspiracy that he is not, and he is, he didn't Pick up the mic that fell. I, look, look, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I was on the phone with this, I was FaceTiming this man and he said he had turned his, he had put the camera around.


He said, this is my son over here. And then he said, I'm over here, daddy. He pulled over here and he said, and this is my niece. And then he had, he had phone facing her. And for the next 10 minutes of the conversation, I, I look as far as you are, I looked at his knees and not him At all. And he was holding, he was holding the candle like he was holding like he thought I was. And I did not have the heart Blind. She, she was sitting there Confirmation that hoe blind. She was sitting there texting on her phone. I didn't have her heart to say, Hey, I can't see you. Well you know my dumb ass man. My dumb ass. The reason he called me 'cause I was in Tokyo, right?


Oh man. I was in Tokyo And I had found, I had found my favorite album of all time. Best album ever. Songs in Aquilo. I, I found a, a CD of it. It was a, a Tokyo version of it, like the Japanese version of it. And my dumb ass, you texted him a picture of it. Oh My goodness. Like an idiot. Like, like he was gonna see it like, right. Like I just texted him, guess what I found, bro? He say, guess what I found, bro? What he say? What he say? He just FaceTime me. So I was like, I see. And I fucking dumb ass too was like, did you give him a text? He's definitely, he didn't see it, bro. I don't think so. So I just, just to put all those things to rest for you to be the person to shut down the Rumors is crazy. Oh my goodness.


All these years, black people have been trying to figure this out. And you are the one that solved the problem. I figured it out. He, I, I just know I was looking at his knees for about 15 minutes. So get, unless that premeditated, I you Gotta go for real. Yeah, because you gotta go do Elvis, right? Yeah. You gotta go I guess. Pop Station. Oh, You gotta come back, man. I got More questions. I can't wait. I thank You. Let's play record too. Let's play the what you want hear. Oh, even real. You wanna play that one? Yeah, Man, I would Love to. He got joints. Does she got it with Cocoa Jones and Gorilla. I like funeral. Funeral is really dope. Thank you man. You got, you got some joints. What you wanna hear Hamilton? The heart is my joint though. Dope. Yeah, no way. Thank you. Emini here. Yeah, put it on for Gion, man. My dog, bro. The fucking best in the business, man. Alright, Well there you Have it.


Teddy swims y'all, we Appreciate you for joining us. Thank You so much. Thank y'all so much for having me. Let's get, I'm honored to be here, truly. Thank you. Let's get into the record. Are you even real featuring Gion is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up girl in The morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers. Get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen


People, my people. What's up? This is Questlove man. I cannot believe we're already wrapping up another season of Questlove Supreme Man. We've got some amazing guests lined up to close out the season. But you know, I don't want any of you guys to miss all the incredible conversations we've had so far. Emini here. We talked to Amarie, Johnny, Mar Eve, Jonathan, Billy Porter, and so many more. Look, if you haven't heard these episodes yet, hey, now's your chance. You gotta check them out. Listen to Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.