
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of Doors for Us. Just This overall sense of community, the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real, accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live,


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein, and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glazer Podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, say Yes to brunch with the girls. Say yes to new dog poop bags that are kind of the cute ones. You can also send money to friends with PayPal, which means going halvesies When your best friend visits this summer. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Are you looking to build this year? If so, there is no better time than right now to start planning and to get your spot on the construction schedule. If, you need a garage, a stall barn, a storage for vehicles, RV boat collectibles, or even a, a shop for your farm hobbies or car restoration projects. Visit morton buildings.com and start your construction process with superior materials craftsmanship. Best in class warranty. Morton Buildings are made to last for generations at Morton. The difference is in the details from their cutting edge innovations to their craftsmen in the field. They're dedicated to surpassing expectations. Their legacy of excellence spans more than 120 years. And Morton Buildings is 100% employee owned with more than a quarter million satisfied customers. That means they're the industry leader you can trust. When you choose Morton, you'll experience quality at every step of the building process starting before the walls even go up. Visit morton buildings.com to get started Today.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes, indeed. We got the brother Hill. Harper, welcome back. Yeah, good, good, good, good, good to be here, man. This I, this is a new studio to me. This is beautiful. Real. I hadn't been in this, this studio Now. We've been in about, about a year and a half. Ooh And a half. About a year and a half. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be two years in like January. I Maybe they gotta a pull, pull out couch. Maybe I could just You know spin. Exactly. This is very nice. You, You got a bigger things to be doing, man. Yeah, we Do for Senate in Michigan, run for US Senate in Michigan. We're gonna, we, we, we got this primary August 6th is, which is a huge deal, man.


It's about turnout. We, we, it, it's a huge challenge to get communities out because so many of our people don't even know what a primary is. Right. People come up, man, I'm vote for you in November. I got you. I'm gonna vote for you and Kamala in November. I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. And I'm like, dog, If, you don't vote for me August 6th. I won't be on the ballot in November. Gotcha. And in many ways, I blame the Democratic Party for that. They, they, they show up with tens of millions of dollars in October saying, save the country. Come on, come on, y'all turn out. But they want to place their establishment candidates in the primary, so they want low turnout in the primary. So they're doing no GOTV work. So my, my campaign literally has to try to educate folks, this is why you need to vote on the, the primary is actually more important than the general, because If, you can't get the right candidates on the ballot in the general election.


Then you have a very limited choice. And therefore people keep saying, man, nothing changes. Do you think that the Democratic Party wiped their ass with democracy by not having a primary to properly appoint a new top of the ticket For President You know, I don't know about that. I don't know because the time is so tight. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's You know you're talking about less than a hundred days. So You know. It's almost that thing. You kind of gotta get in line and get organized. And You know, it's, it's something I say all the time about many, many of us that are You know more progressive. I say, man, we can agree on nine things, disagree on one. People are like, I can't work with them. And then You know the other side. They can disagree on nine, agree on one and go storm the capital together.


Yeah. So, so I think that that You know, when you look at the reality of the situation and timing wise, you gotta make a decision and go, folks have to line up, get behind folks and, and, and, and do that in that type of process For primary last year though, they were asking for a primary last Year. Yeah. I mean, listen, I mean, I think in, in, in hindsight, if, I mean, we can even go back. I mean, You know everything is, is much clearer in hindsight, right? I mean, Ruth Bader Ginsburg should have stepped down You know, I mean, and made that decision. And certainly I'm, I'm sure there would've been a process of President Biden having, being able to do it in a way that You know he's getting celebrated and all this.


And it didn't feel like it's a, but at the end, end of the day, man, sometimes I just say, You know God is gonna take care of things the way it's gonna happen. That's a fact. You know. And that's just it. So, so this, this process is playing out the way it should. Absolutely. Well, they also said it was a finance thing, right? Because Harris's name was on the ticket. It's easy to transfer the, transfer the funds over too. They said they, they said that was talking, We're talking about last year. Like You know I, 'cause I've been saying for the longest, president Biden should step down. Right? Like, I just didn't think he could win in November. And I thought that was a fair question to ask. Is the Biden Harris ticket a winnable ticket in November? Right. So I've been asking that and people were saying last year they should primary him. 'cause everybody saw the decline. Right? They saw it. So, I mean, it was, it was definitely apparent.


The, the question is You know is, is was that, and obviously, I mean, come on. I mean, we, we saw what we saw. You can't unsee what you saw. That's right. Right. You know, my mother's 86 years old. God bless her, she lives with me in Detroit. And, and me and my son and, and You know she's not moving the way she used to move. Right. And that's not her fault. And she's one of the most brilliant people. First black female anesthesiologist, one of the first black female anesthesiologists in the country. But at the end of the day, You know time Can't be all the time. That's right. That's right. Time, time is one, is undefeated. Now, There's a video of you 15 years ago right. Predicting that Kamala Harris was gonna be the president.


That's Right. What did you see in her 15 years ago that made you think that before people even knew who she was? I think leadership, tenacity You know, at that time in 2007, Barack Obama had asked myself and Kamala to go to Iowa to, to stump for him to, to help him win the Iowa Caucus. He felt that if he couldn't win the Iowa Caucus, there was no way to win that primary 'cause He was going up against establishment and establishment money, et cetera. And so folks stump for him. So we became friends. She asked me to contribute to her book, which I did eventually. I hosted the first fundraiser for her in Southern California for her Attorney General's race. And then did some other things with You know black professionals, different things.


And that's where that quote was from, is I was introducing her to Black Professionals event. And so you talk about someone with intelligence, someone whose work ethic, someone who You know, just, just also very passionate about wanting to make The World better and, and figuring out ways to do that. And so there was no You know in my mind, You know, when I went to Harvard Law School with Barack You know You, you, you see things in people and you could see just who and how, what they're made of. And and there's You know, you talk about You know, there's, there's a lot of things that I think that she's going to have to do to appeal You know from a Michigan point of view to clean up some of the problems with the, a Muslim community in Michigan, et cetera.


But she can do that work. There's an opportunity here. She can do that work. She can, she can, I believe, get that done. I think her rhetoric around Israel and Gaza thus far has been stellar. I really do. Because I, Well, not going to the Netanyahu speech was a, was a definitely a step absolute in the right direction. Absolutely. That was a step in the right direction for sure. Absolutely. But even Elaine, I mean, even what she says, she's like, Israel does have the right to defend itself, but we still have to work towards a ceasefire. We need a ceasefire as well. Watching innocent people get killed You know. That's right. I mean, I, I, And to me, it's so ba it's common sense rhetoric, but for whatever reason, people are afraid to say that. I say it all the time, there's no good war and there's no bad peace. I mean, that's just the simple fact is we wanna save lives.


At the end of the day, humanity and human rights have to come first and every discussion. That's for everybody. And that's just, and, and the idea of If, you say You know, when I called for ceasefire, for instance, my social media got ratcheted down by 98%. And this is like last November when I called for, I was one of the first US Senate candidates in the country to call for. And the idea that if you're calling for ceasefire, some somehow that's pro terrorism or, or, or anti-ISIS Israel or anti You know human or this, it's not true. The thing is, I can't stand terrorists. Terrorists. That's, that's violence and malevolent. And that's, I can't stand hostages. That's violence and malevolence. But these, I also can't stand carpet bag carpet bombing.


And, and, and, and, and ultimately covering places with indiscriminate bombing and killing women and children and, and, and the injury and death. Death toll. And so it's heartbreaking. I was in a meeting last night in Dearborn in Michigan with a number of folks from the Palestinian community. And their hearts are ripped out because they're seeing their family members. And so, but at the same time, you have a whole set of folks who have You know hostages have been taken and their hearts are broken. So there's so much pain and grief. But the idea is how do we get to a place where we reduce the level of violence and the level of malevolent behavior we can get there.


But you don't get there through a bomb. You don't get there. Governor, we had Governor Whitmer up here, and, and I'm gonna ask you the same thing. 'cause You know you're in Michigan. How much of an impact do you think that's gonna have in November? Because when you see these hundreds of thousands of people who voted uncommitted You know, You know during primaries. It's like, what do you think? How are you gonna flip that switch in November to be like, You know what, we're gonna show up now. Well, this may sound self-serving, but I think if, if, if I can come to and win this primary, we You know at the top of the ticket in Michigan, Harris and Harper Ticket there, we're able to to, to unify those communities. 'cause the one thing I'm proud about, among, among many things with our campaign is we've been able to unify the black community in Michigan as well as the a Muslim community.


I have the endorsements from You know most of the top leaders in in Michigan that are from the Arab Muslim community as well as the, the Arab American Political Action Committee, the Arab Muslim Political Action Committee. But also all the endorsements from the top black political leaders, which is oftentimes communities that haven't come together. And so we have to figure out a way to unify communities. Because when you look back and you look at, look at Dr. King and Jim Crow, you look at Nelson Mandela and apartheid, we are in these types of seminal moments, kairos moments, moments that are inflection points. And this is one of them. And it's, but it's reflective of a, of a culture of violence in general. You know there was two young, two young kids, young people that were shot on the east side of Detroit just two weeks ago, 19 other people injured.


And so violence is violence no matter if it happens on the east side of Detroit or if it's happening in Gaza, death is death wherever it's happening. And we, our, our, our eyeballs have to be about what, how do we save humans? How do we create human rights? How would we create opportunity? That has to be our litmus test. It's not about trying to do political posturing. Absolutely. I was gonna ask You know last time you spoke about it a little bit, but, but for people that are just tuning in now, You know, a lot of people would say they know you as an actor and a lot of the stuff that you did. But what got you into politics? What made you say You know what? I'm gonna put this acting bag down, put it on hold for a little bit and, and, and make sure my community straight. You was getting A good acting bag. I mean, the good Doctors, and don't remind me, don't remind me. Was getting a lot of good. Don't You know.


Please don't remind bag. No. At the end of the day, when I got into acting, I wanted to be like actors that were activists. Her Bill Lafonte, Ozzy Davis, who I did, I did the movie, get on the bus with Ozzy. I got to sit next to him for You know God rest his soul for, for weeks on end. And him just counseling me, talking about when Malcolm X would come to the house or, and Dr. King, and he did what he would do. Gil Scott Heron You know all this and, and wanted to have impact You know in that kind of way that moves the meter. And it's clear that the days through that entertainment lenss are gone. There is a level of collusion and corruption in our federal government through basically because of Citizens United.


I mean, You know, many people think that the reaction to the Obama presidency was the Tea Party. I think that's the beard. The true reaction to the Obama presidency was Citizens United in 2010 that said, money is speech called corporations people, and allowed unfettered dark money to reign into our political system and our electoral politics. Break That down for politics for Dummies Now. Okay. Okay. So check it out. So, so there was a court ruling that basically said, no matter who you are, you could spend unlimited money to get somebody elected. And you don't even have to report who it is and how it's, that's called dark money. That's dark money. So like a foreign country Could be doing it If you if if if they, if they washed the money through the process. Yeah.


Yes, they could. And so you don't know every time and just folks out there, every time you see an ad that says, paid for by Patriots for America or paid for by Moving Michigan Forward or You know pay, whatever that is, just think dark money or think what, whatever that is. Because you don't know. It's called an independent expenditure. You don't know who paid for that. You don't know what it is. And, and the threats that have come at me, I've called for like, for instance, shutting down a Line five, which is a, a oil pipeline that runs in our Great Lakes, right? 21% of the world's fresh water supply touches Michigan Shores and, and Canada gets most of the benefit of this oil. I wanna shut it down. So Enbridge, the oil company has, they have independent expenditures, right?


So they wanna make sure someone like me doesn't get elected. Right. And they're gonna spend money to do that, to smear me, smear your name, et cetera. Right? Be so because they have an interest. Same thing with the NRA and the gun lobby. Same thing with apac. The American Israel Political Action Committee, same thing with big oil, big pharma. Big pharma spent $375 million on elections in 2022. Their on courses spent over than 400 million in 2024. So people know intrinsically that they're not being represented. They know that the big donors, the dark money is representing them. As rep You know, 74% of Michigan Democrats were in favor of ceasefire.


Less than 10% of the federal delegation has called for it. That's because of the money. Right. That's because they've been bought. And so I'm running to show that you don't have to be bought. I say I won't be bought, I won't be bought, I won't be bullied. They offered me $20 million to drop outta my Senate race in primary Rashida Talib. Yeah. Right. They think that money that everyone's on the take that only people just want power and people just want money. But if you're not for sale, you can actually chart a path that represents people over politics over party. I'm running a actually hold both the Democratic Party and the Republican Party accountable. That's right. Because they both have, have been derelict to so many communities.


But it Seems like, it seems like every party has been bought it, it just seems like you could see where, where people You know whether it's, it is the gun lobbying or whatever it is. It seems like everybody's being bought. It seems like that's the thing in politics. That's right. But money, see, money doesn't vote. People vote. And that's, and see this is what the big challenge has been. How do you get people to understand they still have the power even though they look and they're like, there's something, And I was at the, the gas pump the other day. And so I drive a a F-150, so it costs over a hundred dollars to fill it up. And so the dudes I'm pumping next to, he's like, man, this is so expensive. And I said, yeah, did You know that your tax dollars are giving big oil, literal tax breaks?


He's like, and, and the prices are going up. He said, yeah, And I said, did You know that virtually all Chevron, Exxon Mobil, all of 'em are posting over a hundred billion in profits every quarter? That's crazy. He's Like, well, how come my pri prices are like this? I'm saying, because there's collusion, corporate collusion of between your federal representatives and big oil. Right? And so people are like, they know something's wrong. They know they're getting the short end of the stick. They just can't figure out why. Because it's dark. It's dark money. And so if we don't get rid of Citizens United, our democracy's done. I want, Okay, I'm Sorry. No, no, no. Go ahead. Go ahead. I Wanna go back to what you said about the, because I read that, or I saw that somewhere where they offered you, I don't, I didn't know how much it was, but you said $20 million to go against Rashida to leave or talk down Mayor, Or what was it?


That's right. No, no, no. To run against her. So, so the idea would be I was, I'm running for United States Senate Yep. And I'm running against one of their candidates that they back, so APAC backs my opponent. Okay. Okay. So they would get a twofer. Rashida TB is the Public Enemy number one. Yep. For them. Yep. Right. They, they You know they just got rid of Jamal Bowman. Yep. Right. So, but, but she's even more targeted. And, And Cory Bush, they got a target on Co Bush. They're they're going, they're going after Cory Bush. Yeah. And so, so the guy down in Missouri took the deal that I, same deal I was offered. So Wesley Bell was running for US Senate down there, Missouri. He took the deal, left the Senate race and, and ran against Cory Bush. So, so, so what they did is they figured everybody's for sale.


And they, they figured with You know there's no way, So when they say 20 million is that Campaign 20 mean 10 million, 10 million in hard dollars, which would be, they raise the money, they bundle it for you. You know they go out in $3,300 increments. That's the max you can give for the primary. So they'll go out and bundle the money through, through their network in $3,300 increments. That's 10 million in hard dollars. And then 10 million, what they call soft dollars. That's a nice way of saying dark money that we talked about already. And that's unlimited. So they just, they find a big donor, multi You know couple big donors to stroke million dollar checks. And then you get 10 million in, in soft, 10 million in hard. How much In your pocket? You know there's none in the pocket. It's to win. Right. They, they're giving that money to campaign dollars to win it's camp.


This is all campaign dollars. Gotcha. Right. And so, so they think that everybody wants that, that badge on their lapel to be in Congress. That's why you're running for office not to actually help people. Gotcha. Right. They think that you want power more 'cause that's what they want. Mm. Right. And that's what we're filled with. We're filled with a, a Congress of Representatives that are more interested in power maintenance and helping people. And, and, and that's what we as people have to realize. And we have to start electing candidates that actually want to help people. And they're not interested in just power mainten. That's because look it, both, both the Republican and Democratic party are complicit in not wanting to get rid of Citizens United. 'cause If, you really wanted to represent people first. You'd be wanting to get rid of it.


You don't, you would, you would not want to have it. And it's gonna take a constitutional amendment to do it. Or expanding the court to get a new court ruling to get rid of Citizens United. That's My biggest issue with the Democratic Party always, is that they lack courage. I believe that they try a lot of political strategies, but courage is in one of them. That's why I was You know, refreshing to see President Biden step down, whether they pushed him out, whatever it was, it was just refreshing to see that. But all these things that you're describing now, it takes courage to do. It takes courage to expand the Supreme Court. It takes courage to make these constitutional amendments. I don't know if they have it. That's why we gotta take it. I mean, that's, that's the thing. I mean, I I, my friend said to me the other day, Hey said, hell man, you're trying to save the Democratic party from itself.


You know, because at the end of the day, you're right. It's losing, its, it's You know. It's losing its way, losing its soul. And we gotta bring it back. Because at the You know, people are checking out. I mean, when you just start to see, and that's the challenge here, voter apathy. People are, so, it's like that study You know when the professor would shock the dog, the dog jumped and they kept it on the same setting. And the next time it shocked the dog only jumped so high, eventually the dog stopped jumping. That's right. And that's what we've done to people in the electorate. People have seen so much corruption and they're seeing so much inaction that they've stopped voting and participating and, and I'm trying to wake people up. It's like that scene outta school days wake up trying to get people to say, we have an opportunity just in Michigan with my race, I'm running against someone who didn't co-sponsor the George Floyd Justice Policing Act.


Didn't co-sponsor Medicare for All, actually voted to not fund the State Department to study the Gaza Health Ministry's death and injury records. I mean, I don't even know how you make that vote. I, I mean, obviously I do. When you're getting funded from the other side, you, that's how you make that vote. But the point being, we have an opportunity here to grab a US Senate seat. The US Senate 100 people in this country control the distribution of $7.2 trillion. That's, people don't realize that. People think, oh, the president, the president, the executive branch does not control the money. Y'all. It's the United States Senate and If, you If, you know, If, you want your money to be used for overseas violence, or do you want it to be used for healthcare at home?


Do you want your money to, to go to, to the undergirding and, and giving tax breaks to big oil or big pharma? Or do you want it to go to public education that is directly who you put in the US Senate? That's right. That's it. And, and, and, and, but if we check out like, like, like, I'm seeing so many, fuck man, it doesn't matter. I ain't voting. I don't even know what a primary is. I mean, I can't do this. If we do that, we have lost, don't be the dog that stops jumping. We have a chance. This, this is an open US senate. Now I'm only running against one person. I need, I need one more vote than one person. And we, and an activist, an activist can grab a Senate seat. It's unprecedented. The opportunity we have. It's just hard to convince people to move. Have you asked You know? I know you and President Obama real close friends.


Yeah. Have you asked him to endorse you yet? Yeah. Yeah. He said that he would not endorse. He thinks it's not right for a former president to endorse in an open in party race. Right. So there's a primary, an open primary. He's like, hell, you win it. Obviously I'll come in and endorse you against a Republican person. Now, at the end of the day, he's always done what is the right thing. 'cause that's actually the proper thing to do. Right? That's the right thing to do. Oh, it's Hard because nobody on the other side does. Right. Nobody on the other side does it. I don't nobody on nobody else does the right thing. And well, that's the thing. And nobody on This side does the right thing too much. When you think about this, there is that thing when you say they go, they go low, we go high.


The problem with that is you get your legs cut off. That's the triangle offense in 2024 that won a lot of championships in the nineties. Okay, that ain't gonna win. That's good. That ain't ain't championships. Now they're not. No, no. And, and, and so You know, all I can do is try to fight to let people know, inform people, educate people, and hopefully create this turnout. 'cause there's no question I got the most supporters. The question is, can I turn convert those supporters to votes? Because so many people, like black turnout in Michigan in the last Democratic primary was less than 10%. That's like, you count 10 people, one person voted. I mean, I can't win. I can't win with that turnout that it is, it's impossible.


But if we don't start to realize we gotta start taking our power back, we gotta, we gotta own our power. We gotta grab it. If we don't start doing that, I'm talking about, this is not even just my election. I'm talking about across the board. I'm talking about owning businesses. I'm talking about owning our education. I'm talking about owning our vote, owning our ability to self-determination, all of that. If we don't start acting like that and understanding the power in that, we truly are lost because You know. Surely Chisholm said it. I mean, come on. This is a long time ago. So she said, If, you don't have a seat at the table. Bring a folding chair. Why? 'cause you have to have a seat at the table. And. I say If, you don't If you don't have a seat at the table. You're on the menu. 'cause that means you're getting order rather than doing the ordering. And we, and, and that's the situation we find ourselves. And we don't wanna empower ourselves.


That's why this, this, this, what you're doing here is so important. 'cause it's, I believe it seeps into people's minds and be like, State, Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future, building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke.


We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Cindy Crawford has set high standards for healthy, gorgeous skin and hair for decades, meaningful beauty offers customers a streamlined routine with science-backed ingredients that Cindy calls her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin. Over 5 million women agree and have trusted meaningful beauty for over 20 years. Our revolutionary youth activating melon serum contains next level melon leaf stem cell technology that visibly plumps berms and deeply hydrates skin and increases elasticity.


Now formulated with HydroOne H2O, a breakthrough technology designed to deliver best in class ingredients deeper into the skin for better absorption. This powerhouse serum is included in Cindy's skincare system with everything you need for younger looking radiant skin with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today to get the amazing, meaningful beauty system for just 59.95. That includes our introductory five P system. Free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. Go to meaningful beauty.com. Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of Doors for Us.


Just this overall sense of community. The values that You know Minnesotans Have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live, Tired of routine Walgreens trips, get rewarded for shopping with drop. With drop. You can earn free gift cards on groceries, gas, and more. Download drop now and use code Drop five five to get $5 in points. Join Drop today. Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar.


Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today. Okay, this conversation was important. You know what? I do have power. I do have the ability to affect and, and have some self-determination. I can actually move my household, my community, my city, my state, my country.


And my vote actually matters. And it does. Or they wouldn't work so hard to make sure you don't vote. Why Did your opponent cancel, cancel his debate. Cancel. Well, she has canceled every debate. Wow. We were supposed to have five debates across the state. She's pulled out of every single one of them. It's disrespectful. It's disrespectful to the voter, it's disrespectful to the people. You know because she's, she's doing a run out the clock mentality where if she has all the money, she has a lot more money than I do. So she's able to run ads and she just thinks ads do it. You know. And, and what she doesn't want is her, her really problematic voting, record exposed. I mean, she, she's horrible in so many issues and she's been wrong. You know. She voted against student loan debt relief in 2020.


I mean, how do you 60. How do you even make that 63% of black wealth goes to paying down student loan debt? Student loan debt is crushing, it's a regressive tax if you're wealthy. And this has nothing to do with race. If you're wealthy, you can pre-fund your kids' education and therefore they're not saddled with lifelong debt. If you're not wealthy and you come from poor communities, you have to take out student loan debt. And then what happens is you have lifelong debt and your education costs four x five x seven x, 10 x more than somebody else. It is a regressive, wrong way. Tax and hidden costs on someone's life. And how you gonna vote against that? I didn't even know how you make that vote. That, and that's an example. But she doesn't want that exposed, so that's why she doesn't want a debate.


The stuff like You know, like you would be the first black US senator of of Michigan. That's right. What does, what, what does that mean to you? It means that in a state that has so much proud history of black political activism and representation, the fact that we've never had a senator is crazy. I mean, you're talking about the state that had Coleman Alexander Young, who's the pioneering mayor. I mean, You know Atlanta would not be what Atlanta is, but for Coleman Young, right? He showed Maynard Jackson the way. Right. You, you have a Carolyn Cheeks, Kilpatrick, and then you have the legend, John Conyers You know and watch this for the first time in 57 years, Michigan does not have a black Democratic representative in the federal delegation. That's out of 13 House of representative seats and two Senate seats.


It's ridiculous. The lack of representation. And so yes, I would be the third You know we we would break that cycle and, and, and also be the first black senator. It would be huge. And this is why you gotta remember though, everybody who's listening, even if you're not from Michigan, the US Senate is a federal body that makes decisions that covers everybody. So sure, I'd be the senator for Michigan, but what I would be fighting for would cover off everybody. Let's just take, I'm gonna take George Floyd of justice in policing. It's passed. It has passed the House of Representative, but it never got through the Senate. 'cause someone was not there to be able to champion and fight for it and demand it. And, and, and you talk about nok knock, when I say this stuff is a matter of life or death.


It's not hyperbole. It's not exaggeration. No knock warrants having a, a national database for police who misconduct. I mean, these are things that, that are a part of that that we gotta get done. And, and, and You know. And, and, and funding, funding for public education, funding for healthcare, all of these different things. Common sense gun laws. These are things that we can get done federally, women's reproductive freedom, black maternal health. I mean all these different things that have to get done. That covers everybody. And that's why I'm surprised. And, and, and, and invite people in to obviously support the campaign because this is to be a national movement to grab this seat. And then we should pick off another seat in the next cycle and pick off another seat in the next cycle.


From a national perspective, there's only been 12 black US senators in the history of the country. If we had 12 right now, we'd still be underrepresented in, in terms of, of of population. Right. There's been a higher percentage of black US presidents than black US senators. It's, it's, it's the toughest position to get in the country. Really? Yes. Wow. So it's One out of 46. Okay. I'm not a math genius. Charlamagne, but that's 2.2%. Yeah. 12 out of 2003. Wow. That's 0.5%. Wow. Think about that and why? The reason why is the real powers in the Senate. When I was at Harvard Law School, my constitutional law professor would say all the time, the real powers in the senate's the most powerful deliberative body in politics in The World.


Because 100 people make the decision about two crucial things in this country. Number one, confirming lifetime appointments of federal judges. We see how that affects us down the line. And number two, deciding how your money gets spent. It's not Glorified. People don't talk about the Senate as much as they talk about being president or talk about vice president or talk about even some of the other things. It's just not glorified. The president doesn't control the money. Right? You know. My grandmama used to say If, you wanna know someone's priorities. If, you wanna know an institution or a person's priorities, see how they spend their money. And that's what it is. You know Mark Pocan and Barbara Lee put forth a bill called people over the Pentagon. It was a hundred billion dollars reduction in Pentagon spending. You know we have, we have people in office that keep rubber stamping the National Defense Authorization Act.


The NDAA 2% raises 3%. All of that doing is fattening the pockets of Department of Defense contractors. We virtually have a US senate of people that have been bought, and this is real. They've been bought by DOD contractors, they've been bought by big pharma. They've been bought and they make decisions based off that, not decisions in support of who the people's best interest. And that's what people have to realize. Don't check out because of that. Lean in because of that. Take it back because of that. And that's the energy that's happening. If we give up, we've actually lost to the money interest in the corporate collusion. We gotta lean in 'cause people vote. We still have the power if we understand our power and lean in, grab it. What's the No new tax?


What's your no new tax pledge? What is that? Oh, say. So that's a pledge that the money's already there. Right? The 7.2 trillion annual budget. It was four. The annual budget under Obama was 4.2 trillion. And that included bank bail bailouts and then it went up to 6.2 Covid and, and Trump. And now we're up to 7.2. We can't just keep taking people's money because at the end of the day, all that money is going to, like I said DOD contract, it's not going to actually solve the problems that people need. Healthcare education, that affordable housing. Imagine that. Right? It's not going back to the people. So we are gonna keep taking the middle classes and the working classes money. 'cause that's literally the working class and middle class are literally who's supporting this country, right?


Because the you If you make too much. You won't qualify for the earned income tax credit and If you and, and If you and then If. you don't make enough to have offshore accounts and LLCs to hide your money. So you're really not paying your fair share all of a sudden who's, who's really holding up. We don't need to take more people's money. We need to spend it differently. That's the key I wanna ask you 'cause you're a constitutional law professor, right? Well studied. I went to Harvard Law School, so I got my jus doctorate. Yes. Okay. Why aren't more people talking about the Supreme Court being an illegitimate institution? Why aren't more people just calling out the Supreme Court saying it's corrupt? Because my fear, and I've said this to every elected official that's come up here, let's just say the VP wins in November.


Donald Trump challenges the results of the election. That's right. In light of all the recent rulings, the wild rulings the Supreme Court has done from presidential immunity, accepting bribes. That's right. All of that. What makes us think they wouldn't overturn the results of an election and then it would be a constitutional crisis. Why not declare a constitutional crisis now? Why you still got Democrats in office? Well, I mean, I I think And I think there's a couple things that, but you're absolutely right. I mean you, but, but this isn't new. You go back to, to Bush, Bush V Gore. Yeah, that's Right. You know Al Gore. A lot of these problems we have now probably wouldn't even exist in this country. That's right. Again, Al Gore won that election. There's no question about it. I was sitting in my wife's dorm room, I wasn't even in the politics like that, but I used to always be watching CNN.


Right. And I'm watching it. And I, they announced him as the president. Right? They announced Al Gore as the president And the court took it. So, so a couple things have to happen. I think that, that, there's no question we need reform. I wrote an op-ed about judicial reform. We need to expand the court. When the court was set at nine justices, there were 38 million people in this country. Now we have 360 million plus tens of millions aren't even counted in that number. Right? So we need more people. They need, they need to handle a bigger caseload. I wanna see it expand to 15 justices, number one. Number two, I do believe that there should be a, a, a term limit in terms of how long you're on the Supreme Court. I believe you should still get a lifetime appointment to the federal bench.


'cause we don't, we wanna try to limit the corruption. And we don't want it to be like Congress where You know the private entity like, Hey, you, you, you gonna be out in two years? You know rule this way and we got, we're gonna make you a partner and pay you millions of dollars. And so, so, but you only serve on the Supreme Court for 18 years and then you cycle off. And that way, if it's on a cycle, every president could appoint two justices and then you don't have the gerrymandering of withholding appointments and all the stuff that we've seen happen. So the system has to change the way the appointments has to change. We can fix it by systemically. It's just like anything else. You know. What's that quote by the guy? I think it was John Clear or something like that. He says, you don't rise to the level of your goals, you fall to the level of your systems.


Mm. We have broken systems now in government, citizens United, we have a broken system of the Supreme Court and the way the appointments happen, we have broken systems that we have to fix for our democracy. And so if we don't fix the systems, you're right, you're gonna continue to see these results. And there's no question it could play out the way you just said it. Absolutely. I don't, I don't see why people don't think it will. Yeah. I mean he challenged it in in in 2020. Right? That's Right. I I just don't think in light of everything that they've done recently, I don't see why they wouldn't overturn it this year if It's close. That's why it You know it, it shouldn't and can't be close. You know. And then, and that's state by state. Right. And but there's no reason to think it won't be close. Yeah.


Well Biden will Biden won by 7 million in 2020. Yeah. But that's the popular vote. So, so here's an interesting statistic about the Supreme Court. You know only one of the Republican appointees has been appointed by a president that won the popular vote. Only won. Wow. That that's wild. So you're literally talking about a representation in the, in the highest court appointed by individuals who won the presidency that did not win more individual votes by Americans. Who would that be? Kaji Kaji would be that one that won. No, no, no, no. I'm saying Republican. Republican Clarence Thomas. Right. So, so, so George Bush won one.


You know that the first one, he, so you think about this, think about how the manipulation of the system has happened to create the ability to govern by a minority rule. And but that's historic too. I mean, you go back to, I mean, listen, we got two senators in every state. Wyoming, North Dakota, South Dakota. They got fewer people than Metro Detroit. And they got two senators each. And so there's no question that there is an imbalance. And that's why I say to people, when we got an opportunity to grab a Senate seat, we need to grab it You know, because it's already imbalanced. With, with with the fact that those, those states like that, that are so low population have two senators.


I mean, California has 40 million people. Yeah. Nigga just got two senators. You know. I mean, that's wild. That's wild. If you lose, would you go back to acting? Man? I haven't. I've been working so hard. I haven't even thought about it. You know, maybe You know. I've never been the type of person that's think anything I do, I just, I go all in and, and then You know I don't do Plan Bs. I've never, I imagined Plan Bs. Are they still reaching out to your agents, to reaching out to you for parts and stuff? Like I don't even know. Yeah, I don't talk to them. Yeah. Yeah. I I it's, it's not, it's not even that man. It's You know. I mean, I really, and this may sound crazy to y'all, but like on a show like The Good Doctor, I was saving lives You know and pretend And I really feel in this world I could save lives for real.


And so I'm so been so all in on it and just working as hard as I can meeting people And I. Because I truly still believe, and maybe it's a pollyannaish view, and maybe I'm totally delusional, I still believe you meet people where they are. You look 'em in the eye, they feel you. Ultimately we can win If. you do the right thing, we can win. And that's why I tell my 8-year-old son. So if I'm telling my 8-year-old son that I gotta believe it. You gotta believe it. But he did, he did say to me the other day, he said, daddy, are you gonna win And? I said, if, if more people vote for me than the other person, I'll win. He said, well, but are you going to, I said, I don't know, but the only thing I control, I said, I can't control the outcome, but I can control how hard I work.


That's right. And so that's, that's it. Just working as hard as I can and, and, and, and, and allowing people into the process. Senators get to hire 60 to 100 people. Think about this. No one even thinks about it. And, I go everywhere. I How many of y'all know you've had two senators your whole life? How many of y'all know 10 people that worked in those offices? No hands go five people, no hands go. Three people, no hands go up. Two people, one person people don't even know it's the most powerful federal body in their life that should be giving them direct constituency services. But they never even met anybody that they've been completely under unrepresented. And that's what we have to change. We have to rethink what the senate is. Senate has to be service. It can't be what it's been, which is basically bought politicians trying to figure out how to spend your money and distributed in a way that's not in your best interest doesn't make sense.


I got one More question. What changes do the Democratic party need to make now that they do have this new energy? Right? We've seen, like over the last week and a half, You know what Vice President Kamala Harris, how the way she's energized the party the way she seemed to have bar in the party together. But what changes do the Democratic party need? I I think you said it originally. Courage. Courage is my favorite word in the English language. The e etymology of the rule of the word If. you speak French You know it means heart. You gotta get it back to the heart and not You know everybody. You can see the fake. You can see the fake. And that's what crushed Hillary Clinton You know, I, I met You know I got invited over to her house one time in Washington.


And I. I I walked in with my friend who, who had worked for them. And I met this woman with some jeans and a T-shirt, charming, smart up, funny And I literally was sitting there having a glass of wine looking at her. It was just the three of us. And I seen in my head. Where is she? If this woman had had run for president, she would've wiped the floor. But that pants suit over fake version. There's no, I I don't, the person I met in the living room was completely different. And so in, in the same thing they, they were doing with propping up President Biden. That's, that's not in the best interest of people.


Oh, it's very easy. Open up your heart. What's in the best interest of people. It's not about over coaching somebody. It's not about trying to prop 'em up and figuring out the machinations of how do we win. It's about doing the right thing. And if the Democratic party gets back to that core, then we'd win every election. Because how are you losing an argument to a populist on the other side? I, it just doesn't make sense. People are literally voting against their own self-interest because they feel more authenticity from the other side. Simple As that. It's that simple. I say it all the time, even with the vice president. That's, that's what I've been happy to see a lot more over the last few months, but especially over the last couple of weeks. The person that we know that we've had conversations with off the air, the heart that we see, we're starting to see that we are.


And if, if, if that, if we see that over the next a hundred days, it won't even, it won't even be close. I to completely agree. Be close. And, and that's why I hope someone doesn't get in your ear and tries to try to over coach And. I. Don't think it'll happen. You know why, because it's not like she, she's got it. Meaning it's almost like once you're in the seat, you can relax. It's be yourself. Yeah. She's not trying to outcompete somebody. That's right. And so it's not trying to figure out, well what do I do to outcompete? It's just like, just be yourself because you already got it. That's right. You are you, she, you already got the experience. You already have the intelligence. You already have the infrastructure. Now just listen. You could be more bold, more full of heart and bring that and it's beautiful. I think there's a, we're in a, we're in a great inflection moment in this country for sure.


And, and I'd love to be her partner in the Senate for sure. Now, if people wanna support you, how can they support You? They go straight to hill harper.com and your support means so much. We are one week away from August 6th the election. And there's early voting happening right now. And basically anything that comes in now what we do is put it right back out for voter education. We, we buy time on radio. We, we buy time on television and all of that just to say, let people know we win this thing. If enough people actually go vote You know, no question. High turnout, we win low turnout, we lose. That's just, that's the real. And so we have to, as a campaign, have to So If, you go to hill hopper.com, $2 makes a difference, y'all. And that's real. It buys a yard sign, it does all this stuff that we can actually repurpose quickly.


So thank you. Alright, Well Hill Hopper, ladies and gentlemen, make sure you go out and vote August 6th in Michigan and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast, Club


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there


You. know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, ah, and feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox Tiva because Clorox centa smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox cent's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, of the values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting a loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live


Zen nicotine pouches deliver nicotine satisfaction anywhere, anytime, which means zen pairs well with you, your personality, your schedule, and your spontaneity. Zen fits easily into your bag pocket and into your life because it's smoke-free hands-free and hassle-free. So the only person who will know you have a Zenin pouch in is you. Visit zen.com Or head to your local convenience store today to find your Zen warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein, and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack. Whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your Fit crunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today.