
Hey, Welcome to the Cooper Residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised she put my name first. Come on in.


From the brains behind the Big Bang Theory, And, young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I am so glad. That, you. And c. C are here. And, Georgie AT A girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier. CBS Tonight. Eight seven Central And Streaming on Paramount Plus


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT High five casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And, come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five. casino.com. I five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary. Avoid work prohibited. Play responsibly terms, And condition supply. See website for details. AT High, the number five. casino.com. High Five Casino.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way It looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like It could go with anything. My style is very fun. I. Feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with It. And tying It to the music. So know I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like It too. Check out bose.com for More.


Everyone loves getting good advice. And, staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want. It, we thankfully, AT And T provides personalized recommendations, And solutions, so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you. And your family, or a product That makes sense for you, And your lifestyle. So relax And. Let AT And T provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Turn It up Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music, And performances from artists you love, like new jeans. Carol g And, Peggy Goo And Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab Taste That moves you scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar, 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus And, 50 U, US DC And Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules eligibility. And Prize availability. AT coke url.com/studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake That ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Charlemagne tha God. Jess. Hilarious. We are The Breakfast Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LaRosa filling in And. We have a special guest on the line right now. She's actually out in Dubai. Ladies And gentlemen, we have Sister Soldier Welcome. Peace. And. How are you feeling? I? Feel good? You feel good? Today is Pub Day. So I, I'm excited. And I Hope That You know people will get a chance to read my book. And. People who enjoy the series will like this new edition.


Oh, They Will. Now we, we asked for you to be in person, but They said Sister Soldier is in Dubai. So have you moved to Dubai? What is in Dubai? Why are you in Dubai? Why did a girl from the Bronx decide she wanted to go to Dubai to start writing? We I needed some peace in my life. You know writing takes a high level of concentration, And. So if I wanna concentrate, I need things to quiet down. And be a little steady And. So I had come here before, maybe around 2013. And I said this would probably be a good place to have That kind of peace of mind.


So much was going on in the country as It still is going on. And. So now AT least I can concentrate And focus. And feel safe. And, healthy And. I can watch what's going on. AT home from afar. You know, Peace queen, a soldier Perspective. How are you? I just walked back in the Room, please. How You doing? I'm blessed. Black And Holly, favored I. Don't blame you for, for getting outta here. Know no I really AT the time. That I left I You. know I was really thinking about It quite clearly. Like could I You know move from where I'm rooted? Can I leave all of my cars, And house, And, Everything, And, go somewhere else.


And You know Don don't know. Maybe end up in a little Renta car or something. But I was like, yep, I can do. That, And I did. Do you feel a lot of this stuff, That, you have talked about And discussed throughout your whole life. Just seems like when you, when you go back And, look AT, some of the things you, you've talked about. Have you spoken about the themes? Seems like things never change. It's like you, we are still having those same conversations, whether it's Politics, whether it's racism in the country. And, how do you feel about That? I think things do change. And I think it's gotten worse. Actually, I agree. When I look You know AT the news.


When I take a break. You know from my work, I'm always shocked. Like every time You know, I'm always shocked. AT, what's going on? AT home. And. The funny thing is we, it's not really funny. I guess it's ironic. It's like when I'm working or when I'm with my family over here, Everything is peaceful. And then about 6:00 PM is here is the open of business in America And. As soon as I hear from my family, AT home, I'm like, oh no, You know what? What's next? You know. Oh, that's terrible. That's sad. You know And I try to keep my You know positive outlook.


But I just think That things are not going so we can home. What do you think makes Dubai so peaceful Order. And Dubai. U U. A e is an Islamic country. And. So It doesn't have as much of the contradiction or the hypocrisy. That, we have AT home I think a lot of people AT home get confused because AT home, we have the separation of church. And state. That's the way our constitution is set up. That's how our system is set up. And. So morality, And certain order And, certain civility is not part of the legal code.


Whereas here, the Quran itself is the law, right? So you have to follow the guidance And, you have to respect the limits. AT home I think our, our appreciation for freedom Le leads us or misleads us some time to exceed the limits in ways That is not healthy. You know we're, we're gonna talk about Love After Midnight in one second. But when you in the U, a e, every black woman That I've met in That, in the U a e 'cause I love Abu Dhabi They tell me That They feel like a white man in America feels in the U.


A e. That's how empowered They feel there. We U a e is considered the safest country in the World. You can walk And not feel any kind of anxiety, whether it's daytime or whether it's nighttime. The police are actually friendly. You know, which is mind blowing if you come from New York City, right? And You know my husband And I were walking outside one day for exercise, doing some cardio. And, a co a cop car drove by And waved And.


My husband was like, he's a Brooklyn cat. He was like, are They waving AT us? He's like, are They trying to tell us something? You know what's up, And? I said, no, They just saying hi, They, just saying hi. Because that's how It is out here. You know it's not the police versus the people. It's not, you don't feel like your blackness is a crime or even a consideration, really. You know. So it's a lot of stress removed, especially if you have children. If you're a parent, if you are a parent And, you worry AT home.


You worry all the time. Every time your son walks out the door, every time your daughter You know is outside of your, your eyesight And here because everybody knows what the rules are. And, They have to respect the limits because the limits are the law. That's right. You're here to talk about Love After Midnight, which is the, the latest installment of the Winter Sanga series. For those who aren't familiar with the series, how would you describe what the series is about? Oh, we I don't know anybody who's not familiar with the coldest Series. That's the coldest one ever. That's right. That's right. That's right. The coldest winter ever has survived through generations.


It's a book That. Every new set of 13-year-old girls, And And boys read. It's a book. That is so popular in the prison system. It's so popular in the, in all women's gatherings, And, even sororities, And, so on And, so forth. So people who follow the series You know the winter series is like the coldest winter ever. And. Then life After Death, And, then Love, After Midnight, which is in stores now today, I also, this is the, this is my seventh novel, but this is the first time I ever read the audio book.


So if you buy the book from Audible or wherever, you're going to hear my narration of one of my books, which was a big deal for me because I never narrated the books before. How, how has Winter changed since life after death? How has winter changed? Know I think Winter is so much like us. In other words, You know how some things s spiritual can happen to you, something really big. Or you almost met your demise or death.


You had a car accident. And It spun out of control. And, you were hanging over the bridge. Or in the case of, of one of my sisters You know, she had a car accident where a tree fell on her car. Oh God. And I. Think what happens is it's a really big deal when it's happening. And, it's a really big deal. When you feel the loss And, you feel the pain And, you feel the suffering in life after death. I think so many shocking unknown things happened to winter, to Santiago And when she came out of That experience. Really by the grace of God, she was very clear about It.


But like most of, like most of us, we forget. know You know, one day you were praying And, thanking God And. Then two weeks later, you're like on with the show. So I think she has changed in some ways. She knows That. There is a God. And I. Don't think before her death experience, she knew That. She is all about her business now. And. Now her hustle is legal. It's not, is not illegal. And. That's a big deal. Her father Santiago is her manager. Now she has a her own reality show.


She has a lot of leverage though. 'cause she has a brother-in-Law, who is in the film industry is quite popular. And quite powerful. So how she juggles is, is what we'll see when to go through in Love, After, Midnight, And, how she pursues the things she wants in her life. Like she wants, she wants a man, but she's looking for a man. That feels like the men of the nineties And. She's It is no longer the nineties now it's the 21st century And. She don't like these new dudes. So she's disappointed because she doesn't have somebody That You know. She really feels You know, deeply connected to And.


So she's pursuing That, but she's very picky. And she'll, she'll You know, chew somebody up, And, spit 'em out in a, in in an instance. So it's good for her business wise. Financially, it's good for her family wise. It's, it's a struggle for her because she has a certain kind of personality. But I think That people will love Love. After, Midnight I call It a hood romantic comedy And. The reason why I say hood is because romance in the hood sometimes it's not That romantic. It's actually a, it's actually More trauma bonding than anything.


More toxic In the first. So you about to experience her trauma In the first chapter. Mood, the, like, the first couple of graphs. Grab me. You say we Winter is saying I'm addicted. I'm addicted to the struggle. And the hustle, moving And maneuvering, fighting, fury, action, And, reaction, pressure, intention. And I was like, wow. You don't like, as a person growing up like a girl from around, you don't realize how much you're addicted to things. That are really traumatizing to you. And. You think you need It kind of to like, to live And survive until you get out of It or until you go through And experience. Like what she went through in the last book. Speaking from That perspective, like You know as a person who You know you're, you're guiding winter. What do you want us girls to take away from this book?


Because when I read That, I'm like, oh, this is deeper than like a lot of people even probably know on the surface watching her journey through this new book. Alright, in the beginning of my novels, always, there's a poem. Yes, the Word And, this one You know is what to remember, And what to forget. So what, what as, as an author, what I'm showing is That. Sometimes we don't focus on which things we should remember, And, which things we should forget. And. Even artists in the entertainment industry have the same problem a lot of times. If you're coming from hard times, And, then you get a certain amount of money.


That you never thought you would earn. Like you, you are making seven figures. You never thought you would have That in, in the palm of your hand. And, you're young, so you wanna bring everybody with you. But if you bring the streets with you into your business, things get complicated. And I, think That. We can all agree like I'm constantly seeing cases on being aired on platforms. And


Casino High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT high five casino.com, the hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And, come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five. casino.com High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary Void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms, And condition supply. See website for details. AT high, the number five. casino.com. High five Casino.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have Coconut Up. Yes. I. See, so, But you can do That kind of spooky, scary. We can, but it's also because it's a ride. know You. know And down On It, but you're in It You know. know exactly. You're, you're in the Spook I. Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise Know. If you haven't already figured It out. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such And, such from Across Town know. From Across Town. My girl across town know Across town You know a Guy Across town You know a guy Breeds publicist. Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Cosis. Yet there's one More question which I promised myself. I would ask, can you drop That grunge album? I'm so mad. That I haven't Don That yet. But You don't have to be Mad because you're in control. I am. But who do I drop It with? So should we start a label? Maybe? Wow. Listen to Lost Cotus. I'm on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, a 5-year-old boy floated alone in the ocean. He had lost his mother trying to reach Florida from Cuba. He Looked like a little angel. I mean he looked so Fresh. And his name Ian Gonzalez will make headlines everywhere. Ian Gonzal, Ian Gonzalez, AT. The heart of the story is a young boy And the question of who he belongs with. His father in Cuba. Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with him Or his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died trying to get you to Freedom. AT, the heart of It all is still this painful family separation. Something That as a Cuban You know all too. we listen to Chess Peace, the Elian Gonzalez story as part of the Michael Tura podcast network available on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again. And. We're gonna Welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And. Dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight Players, peers, guys, That. We played against Legends from the past. And, we're just gonna sit here, And, talk about 'em. And. We'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Drunks. We got studs. Wizards. We got freaks. Or dudes. Dudes. We got dogs. Dogs. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories. And, determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay, she And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. We talk about guilt, shame, body image, And, huge life transformations. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. And the desperate part got me in a lot of trouble. I encouraged delusional dreamers. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. I just had such an anger. I was just so mad. AT life. Everything That wasn't right, was everybody's fault. But mine. I had such a victim mentality. I took zero accountability for anything in my life. I was the kid. That, if you ask what, what happened, I immediately started with Everything. But me, It took years for me to break That. Like years of work. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shatty, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


And on television about this rap star That rap star, this celebrity or That celebrity And. It was the person's inability to transition from one level to another level. Not knowing what to remember, what to forget, what to hold on And, what to regret. Sometimes we glorify things. That are not good for us because we are just used to It, right? And. So if you hold on to It, because you're used to It, it's gonna ruin the gifts. That, you received. So I think life is a balancing act.


And, I. Think That. All of us need guidance. And, all of us need faith. And, I. Think if you don't have a faith You know whether you're Christian or Jewish or Muslim or whatever your belief system is. If you don't have a faith, you don't have guidance. And, you don't have limits to what you will. And will not do And. Furthermore, you don't know who is all powerful. So you'll start doing things for people because you think That, those people are in control, right? But really only one is in control. Know it's crazy. You look AT Sports And, you look AT, all these other organizations, And, They have people, That actually come in to help these young men or young women transition from one stage of their life to another stage of their life.


But when you look AT, the entertainment industry, They don't have That. You know. 'cause a lot of these, everybody, most people That come up from the entertainment industry are from the street. So like you said, They, think what's popular or what They should be doing is something That. They. See And. There is nobody teaching 'em. This is not the way. That's right. There is no guidance. But You know envy. There was, there were people who were doing That. But if it's, if it's any interest of people who are financing these creative arts for their artists to stay in a state of ignorance, then They block, it's the same.


Like you block somebody on your phone, know you block the good people, you block the leadership, you block the intellectuals, you block the people who are just good. People who want to give guidance. Know 'cause I. So That, we can prosper from It, You know, Know And, we And. We see It so many different times. You know I. I just wanted to to to get your thought because I mean you're so profound in your thoughts. And, you actually do the homework. What is your thoughts on what's going on now with Politics? With with Kamala Harris? And Donald Trump, what's your thoughts on That? 'cause you've never been a person to to bite your tongue. You You gonna say what It is. And how you feel. And. What you, what you thinking It feels like And It to, to add to Envy's point.


It does feel like, especially around Israel, And, And, And, Palestine, It does feel like there's a lot of sister soldier moments happening. That's right. Yes. Sister soldier moments know You know how They call It You know. The politicians call these things Sister soldier moments. And. It feels. It feels like a lot of That is happening. We You know Politics wise, I grew weary of Politics a number of years ago because I don't think That, the people are given real choices. I think you are always, you are always just doing the minimal You know like, okay, all right, it's this one or That one, right?


But you don't feel good about any of It. You know And. Then there's also the fact of being organized is a really big deal because of a community is not organized. They don't even understand the political structure. It won't even matter what you vote for or who you vote for. If you don't have an agenda, if you don't have your agenda backed up by finance, if you don't have an understanding of how the system works, And, the system is quite intricate. So I don't know I think for maybe hmm 40 years.


I was always That voice. That was saying was questioning And, And proposing, And, suggesting And working, And communicating And. So on And, so forth. It just got to the point where It seemed like It wasn't That. People didn't know what to do. They just weren't interested in doing It. Right? Do you think we I don't I don't wanna say do you, what do you think of vice President Kamala Harris? What do you think of this moment? That. We're here in America. Do you think it's revolutionary? Do you think it's historic? Do you think That, it's something That could change things.


Oh boy, We I mean when Obama was running You know everyone was excited. And probably in tears. And You know. Actually I was living in Japan when a, when Obama was elected. And I watched You know all the different news agencies. And, Everything, And. People really were so overwhelmed with happiness. And tears, And. They seemed to think That. The World was going to change And some really huge way. And You know I. Think That. President Obama was a nice guy.


But I don't think That, the World changed in any huge way. I think it's a matter of, it's a matter of knowing And studying, And learning, And planning. So it's not a matter of is It gonna be this man or this woman? It's not a matter of That because AT the end of the day, it's just the face. But you have to know how to work the system. And, you have to be organized to impact the system. And, I, think in the US we have a cult of personality.


You know we just pick who we like or who looks the best or these different things. But It really has nothing to do with Politics And power. Mm Gotcha. That's real. Why haven't the coldest winter ever been turned into some type of series or movie yet? That's my I had That. Same question. Are They scared? Oh my God, yes. You know Jada I. Think I. If I'm not mistaken, didn't Jada Pink And Smith option It back in the day or something like That? She optioned It a long, long time ago. Let me just tell you succinctly, like just give you the truth. A Hollywood contract can be maybe 50 pages long And, not just be one of them.


And. There's so many strange things in these contracts. And It makes me understand how other people kind of got caught in a bad situation. But I read the contracts line for line And. I have my red PenFed, And, I, I write notes on the side. And I negotiate because a contract is a mutual agreement between two or More parties. And. So I feel like I have a voice in the contract.


Whereas movie houses seem to think They, write down what? Whatever They wanna write in this contract. And, you just sign on the dotted line. And don't ask any questions. So I think my intelligence has worked against me in terms of the Hollywood system. But AT the same time, I wouldn't want to just sign some weird agreement. And. And end up regretting It. So I don't. So we were AT a major studio. And. You know I just found the experience not to be what It should be. If somebody came to you with the right situation, That, you were comfortable with And, you could trust, would you do It or are you just completely against It because of like the Politics That go behind You know closed doors sometimes with the Hollywood studios.


No, I'm not against It. The right deal. Yes, the right deal. Let me, let me give you a a better example so you can see what I'm saying. So I said to you, I have seven novels. That's right. So say I. Say, okay, I'm interested in making the coldest winter ever And into a film. And. The Hollywood studio says, great And. Then They come back with a contract. And. Then the contract says That. They are accessing the coldest winter ever. A deeper love inside And. Some other book, That I, wrote And I say, no, no, no. That's not what I'm selling. I'm only doing a one, A one deal with the coldest winter ever.


The film version, And They say know. Okay, so what we're gonna do is we're gonna freeze all of your other works. Mm. So you'll agree, That, during this whole process, you won't sell or discuss with any other company or bus business person converting this book into a film. And. We're gonna freeze It for five years before And, after the film is made. Just, just strange situations. There are even some contracts. That want you to not write anything else until this is produced.


So I'm not interested in legal shackles, You know, know, it's like if I had 10 houses, And, I'm selling one of 'em. And, you tell me, okay, I'll buy this one. But you're not allowed to sell the other nine. What? know? But they're my houses, right? That's right. That's right. So what are you talking about? Okay, we you can sell It in 10 years. Come on man. What are you discussing here? So I, think That. The contracts are also set up in a way, That. They're using a very You know legalistic language. Of course, a very high language And. So They expect you to not understand.


But You know what in perpetuity means. It means forever. Forever, right? You know. So you're agreeing to something forever. When you look AT, these contracts, if you have any kind of independence in your thinking or intelligence in your thinking, you are not gonna sign them And. So people think, oh, we'll just let her sit over there. And wait, she'll get tired of waiting. And. Then she'll come. And be More, obedient, And. But that's not really the case. That's right. 'cause you live a great life. And amazing. I'm The law. I do. That's right, You. know I. Try to be a good person.


I, make my prayers You know every day throughout the day, And Allah takes very good care of me. So I have no complaints. I'm not in a desperate state. And That makes me really comfortable. You know, we You know my daughter just turned 16. So I'm gifting her the whole, the whole book series, the coldest Winter Ever. Life After Death. And. Now Love, After, Midnight I. Think You know she's Ready. To read those now. I I think I believe she is know I Hope. I hope you give her the midnight books. Also, because she needs to know how to evaluate the guys. That. You know she will come across in her life.


I. Don't Wanna think I. Don't wanna think about That. Y'all Might gotta talk through those like she need to read And. Then y'all sit down And talk because the midnight series It changed my know. Wow. Know It Was good. But it's so good Though. You need to know. She needs to know what a man is. And what a man isn't. That's right. And. Really what a woman is. And what a woman isn't. Because That right, the midnight books don't only address manhood. They also address womanhood. You know And That main character is very influential. And That. Midnight. Midnight series I think should be required reading instead of some of the silly stuff That you get in high school.


I agree. We make sure you pick It up. If you're out And about pick up Love, After Midnight, And sister. Soldier actually did her own audio this time so you could pick up the audible as we can. We appreciate you And. Be safe out there. We love you. Thank you So Much. Thank you Queen. All Right, sister Soldier, peace. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club


High Five Casino. High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT high five casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas, And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And, come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five. casino.com High five. Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary. Board book prohibited. Play responsibly terms, And condition Supply. See website for details. AT high, the number five. casino.com. High five, casino.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, 5-year-old Cuban boy, Elian Gonzalez was found off the coast of Florida. And. The question was, should the boy go back to his father in Cuba? Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with him Or stay with his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died, trying to get you to freedom. Listen to Chef Peace, the Elian Gonzalez story on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I? Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise know. If you haven't already figured, It out the Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Colis, yet listen to Lost Colis on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And. We are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details. And, honestly, just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Cheryl Swoopes And. I'm Tika Foster. Raby And. On our new podcast, we're talking about the real obstacles women face day to Day. Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women. And, T, And I have no problem going there. Listen To levels to this with Shel Swoop, And. Tika Foster Brisby, And, iHeart Women's Sports Production, And Partnership with Deep Blue Sports, And Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.