
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant revention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together our mission on the Really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like, Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500 A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey football fans, there's only a few short weeks left in the season and we've got some exciting wild card games to look forward to now. Now get on to action. Right now with my partners at Draftking Sportsbook, they are offering all new customers $200 in bonus bets instantly after betting just $5. Download the DraftKings app now and sign up using code TBC. Love the thrill of live betting or DraftKings has got you covered Bet. Live on in progress games right as they happen, making, watching the game that much more exciting. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings daily fantasy and have the shot to win cash prizes. So download the draftking sportsbook app now. New customers use my promo code TBC and BET just $5 on any wager and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC only at DraftKings. Sportsbook the crown is yours.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. He is the new head coach of the Delaware State Hornets. Ladies and gentlemen. Hey Deshaun Jackson. Welcome brother. Congratulations man. Come on man. Appreciate y'all for having me man. It's a Blessing. How you feeling first and foremost, brother? Man, it's surreal man. Honestly, bro, I'm in a position man that, you know, going, just going through my whole life and my accomplishments, obviously playing at a high level since I've been a little legit little kid, you know, from Pop Warner all the way to high school, to college, and you know, obviously my NFL career we in New York right now, so I know a lot of New Yorkers hate me for that return bit, a little bit, but you know, it's all good.


But man, honestly man, full circle to be a head coach in the NFL after retiring two years ago, man, it's, it's a surreal feeling, man. I, I love seeing brothers like you get these kind of jobs, but it's obvious, the obvious these gigs aren't for the money because a lot of HBCUs just don't have it. So what, what, what, what is the motivation Man? Honestly, man, it's to change young kids' lives, man. Give 'em opportunities, give 'em hope. Emini here, really the visionary for myself was coming from where I came from, grew up in Los Angeles, California, really didn't have a lot of resources, didn't have a lot of hope. Moms pops didn't really have a lot of money to help. So sports in ball was my only way out. So I feel like a lot of young black kids, a lot of kids in general, you know, coming from the areas we come from Emini here. To have a guy like myself that knows every step of the way to get there, Emini here, why not go touch these young kids' lives, man to help 'em and change their lives.


How'd it come about? How, how did, why Delaware? How did that position happen? People say why Delaware? I say why not though? But honestly, so I was, last year was my first year coach in high school and my older brother had a opportunity to get a coaching job in Long Beach where I went to Long Beach Poly, one of the number where the number one high school in America to put, you know, guys into the NFL. So when I had a, I had a call, my brother was like, man, I could get a job, but it's in Long Beach, but it wasn't the, the high school I went to, it was like a rival school. So I'm like, ah, that's gonna be hard to do. But when he got the job, I was like, man, you get it, I'm gonna come work with you man. And I got an opportunity to go coach him last year And I fell in love with it.


Obviously I played 15 years And I can't get back to go out there and catch touchdowns. So going out there and helping them young kids and training them, it just like, it kind of matched that void that I missed from catching touchdowns to training these young kids. And it was like, I got into it And I fell in love with 'em, man. I said, man, I got an opportunity to really change these young kids lives. I got so much knowledge and insight on the game. I would, it would be crazy for me not to give it back to these young guys and you know, help them through every step of their way. So how Did Delaware, Cole, did you reach out to Delaware or, or they Reached out to you? How did that happen? Nah, so Delaware, Delaware State, actually one of a good friend of mine hit me and he was like, bro, you want to coach college football? I'm like college football, like I just played 15 years in the league, you know how my time and just everything in my path, I'm like, I'm chilling, feet kicked up.


I'm at the house, I ain't working. 'cause you know, it's, it's a lot, a lot of people don't understand the hard work that goes into being a professional athlete. So when I got the call, I'm like college football, I'm like, I'm having a heck of a time right now, coach a high school, college, that's time. That time is crazy. I'm like, nah, I don't wanna do it. Literally like an hour later I got another call from Coach Clark who's like a big brother mentor to me and he was like, bro, you interested in coaching college? I'm like, hold on. What the hell is going on? It, it, it is getting crazy now. I was like, man, ain't you in school? 'cause he's a teacher. I'm like, ain't you in school? I said, man, call me back later and we'll talk about it. So I sat back and thought about it And I was like, you know what, I'm gonna consider it. And literally less than 48 hours I'm on a flight going to Delaware. So they actually inquired on me.


I reached out through a few mutual, you know, guys I knew and they was like, man, I had to go take this opportunity man. I said I couldn't pass on it if it's something I really wanna do. And obviously it's changing young kids' lives. I was like, man, I I ain't gonna pass on this one. You Know what I hate man, I hate the fact that like, I didn't even know you coached at Woodrow Wilson High School until you got the job at Delaware State. For sure. And I'm like, why the hell wasn't people amplifying that? Why wasn't the media talking about that? Because if you did some bullshit, yeah, They gonna talk about that. That'd be over the dude. Yeah, for sure bro. Emini here for me, man, I, I think throughout my career, man, a lot of, you know, what has followed me and you know, I, I don't, I don't like to use the word that unfortunate. It is what it is growing up, you know, Los Angeles around the gang culture and you know, obviously the stigma, oh he's hanging around with the wrong people, he's doing the wrong things.


But throughout my career, like, you know, I've never went to jail, you know, I've never had no feelings. You know, it's so, it's like I'm, I'm kind of put in that box just because I grew up and you know, the guys I do hang around with may partake in certain things, but at the end of the, that's the culture and that's the nature where I come from. So for me, like I never turned my back on him. I never made it. And it was like, you know what? I can't go to Crenshaw sauce. I can't go to Crenshaw Vernon. I, I ain't gonna go to Lemert Park. That's my areas. And like I love to go back and support and help pull guys outta the area 'cause I know how I feel to be stuck in there and have no hope to go anywhere else. You feel me? So for me, like I just try to, you know, idol idolize the guys that, you know, I looked up to my older brother who's here right now. I got been having a camera on my face since I've been a little kid.


Like every step of the way, it's always been a vision. And I had people around me that believed in my vision and helped me, you know, be or push me through every step of the way. And you know, now I'm able to really put a lot of lights on it and you know, Amazon came through and we did a deal with them and we gonna be releasing a documentary and this fall coming up. So it is just a lot of surreal things going on and I'm just blessed That's what's up. Did you, did you ever feel like at some point, like this is way before you even got drafted. Did you ever feel like doubt because they remember they were saying that you were too small, your frame was too small, hundred percent you cool but your frame was too small? Yeah. And did you ever have doubt? Honestly, me personally, I never had doubt.


I just used all the naysayers and all the doubt to like fuel my fire. So knowing I was always the smallest, one of the smallest. But like I was always the fastest. So I'm like, my dad used to always say, well if they can't hit you and they can't hit, if they can't catch you, they can't hit you. You know what I'm saying? So like for me, I just kind of every step of way obviously couldn't nobody predict that I was gonna be in the NFL for 15 years. Like the average career in the NFL is three and a half years. I came in that since day one in 2008, no one would've never predicted me to play 15 years. So for me, I just, I, I love the doubt and right now I'm, I'm faced some more doubt. You know, people like man, he ain't never coached college. Why the hell y'all gonna go hire Deshaun Jackson to be a head coach at Delaware State University?


And for me, like there's no shoes that are too big for me. I feel like I could feel any shoe there is made. And obviously having like a guy like Coach Andy Reed who was my coach in Philadelphia, Dion Sanders, who's like a mentor to me, you know, I feel like I'm surrounding myself around great people. That's not gonna allow me to fail and I'm not gonna allow myself to fail. So I think the biggest thing about a head coach and being in a position like this, you gotta surround yourself and around Emini here, you gotta surround yourself with people to help you be successful. And for me, I'm gonna put some heavy hitters in position. I can't let y'all know who I'm hiring, but I'm hiring some guys that got a lot of experience played in the NFL, coached in the NFL and coached at college at a high level.


So I'm excited for this opportunity. I was gonna ask, when it comes to recruiting players, yeah HBCUs sometimes have a little tough, especially sometimes they, you know, people go to the major schools, right? Sure. Because they feel like they get better looks on television a hundred percent and sometimes they feel the facilities are a lot better with training and and things like that. So how do you combat that part of it? You really wanna know. Yeah, absolutely. I'm about to come holler at you. You went to Howard, y'all got that Jordan sponsor, right? We went To Hampton, I went to Hampton. Hampton. The Other all, well honestly man, for me Ains like angel sponsorships at Hampton, nah. Yeah I got mixed up but it's all Hampton, Hampton, Howard, all that. For real honestly man Howard as Basketball and football.


Okay. Nah for sure. Well I think, you know, just with the resources like you spoke on, for me having a name, having a, a guy that had the success I had, I think it's a little easier obviously you go back at what Deion Sanders did at Jackson State. He kind of put the plan down, he put the infrastructure down, he kicked the door open for forgot like myself and Michael Vick obviously, I'm sure you guys seen the Michael Vick get the position at Norfolk State. Absolutely. Norfolk. Yep. You know, for me, that's like a big brother to me man. We got a great relationship. I grew up looking up to Michael Vick and he kind of knocked the door down before I did. But it's crazy because when he got he, he called me, he was like, I got an opportunity to either be at Sac State or Norfolk State. He was like, you gonna be my first hire. So at the same time I was like, I'm interested but I was trying to like play, not playing but like kind of keep him limbo 'cause I knew I would potentially have my own position.


So I was trying to really figure it out. But Emini here with them type of names man, obviously Deion Sanders, Michael Vick, and then you have Deshaun Jackson, like we set up for this and, and, and for me, I think Travis Hunter and Shado Sanders obviously showed a lot of players that are big that you can go to A-H-B-C-U ball out and still go to a Power five and still go get the NIL money and do everything and still be successful. So I think it's a little more popular now. Before that I don't see people doing it like myself. When I, when I was coming out, obviously I came out in 2005 And I was a, a big time recruit And I always wanted to go to A-H-B-C-U, but for me I was like too big to go to one.


But my dad went to Bethune cook me, you know, my mom went to Duque. So for me it's just the history man. That's the culture culture man. And I'm, I'm pumped up. Ready for it for real Man. Yeah. Why, why don't HBCUs, well why don't they have more money to make hires like yours and, and how do we increase that? How do we get them that money? Great question. I, I think for myself, honestly, if we gonna talk about money, me being the head coach at Delaware State wasn't about money. You know, at the end of the day, my career and the money I've made on, on the field obviously is a, is an honor and a blessing. But taking this position, it wasn't like I'm about to take this position, I'm about to become some crazy million dollar coach right away. You know what I'm saying?


So for me it was just a vision, it was the energy I felt when I went to Delaware. The people I met, obviously Dr. Allen and Dr. Hawkins, Tony Tucker es star, who was my guy that actually made this happen. Emini here. When I, when I stepped foot on that campus, it, it was just like the morale. It was like you could tell the people around just wanted to win. They had the eager for winning. It's like in the past two years they won two games. Emini here, like this is not an ideal situation for me, but it is because at the end of the day, I know I'm a winner. So no situation scares me. So when I came into that, that building, that facility like, like you said, it wasn't, it's high school better than our facilities. Yeah. I didn't even Know they had a football team that they had you as a coach.


Damn. Damn. That's how you feel though. Crazy. And I'm lying. No, that's, that's real. But Emini here, honestly like I've heard about Delaware State but I ain't really know too much about Delaware State either. And the Philadelphia is right down the road, you know, I spent a lot of time in Philadelphia. I played for the Washington football team. They don't call 'em the team I used to play for no more. They the commanders or whatever command, I don't like that name. But then I played for Baltimore as well too. The Ravens my last year in the league. So I'm surrounded in the same area man. And I really took a liking to Philadelphia 'cause obviously I'm a Cali dude so when I got drafted Philadelphia, I like, I played for six but Philadelphia is one of the best places I played in man.


So I feel like I'm at home man And I really, I really wanna put a gate around Delaware, around Philadelphia, around DMV, around Baltimore. Because at the end of the day it's a lot of talent that goes unnoticed and all these guys are going other places. You know what I'm saying? So for me I think it's huge and that was a, a part of the pitch when I had the interview for the head coaching job. It's like Emini here you have Deshaun Jackson coming in here now a lot of these kids when I was playing in Philadelphia were kids that were five, seven years, you know, six, seven years old and now they in high school, I'm gonna go into they house and talk and it's like, wow, I remember you. I'm a Philadelphia Eagle fan. So it just makes it a little easier. Did oh my back go, go ahead. Did your mentality have to change at all going from like player to coach?


For sure, man, how do I answer that one? I, I think with this situation obviously it, I did have to clean it up a little bit. And the reason why I would say that is because me and Lasha McCoy who's somebody you know I have a lot of respect for and is like a, a brother to me. We was doing a podcast and you free on that podcast, you could say what you want, you could do, you could dream, you know, whatever the case may be. So for me now being the head coach, it's a lot of things that I was having freedom to do and just relax just because, you know what, I worked hard, I did my thing and now I could let my hair down a little bit. So you know, and snapping finger, you know, I had to clean up. But I think throughout my whole career it was like that because when you walk into these offices or you walk into these owners or these coaches, you know, you just can't be in there just being yourself, you know what I'm saying?


You gotta clean up and you gotta portray a certain image. Yeah. So for me, like I, I've been used to that. I know how to turn the switch on and off. And I think the biggest thing is when you leading a university, you know, you have to be the resemblance of what you want your young man to look like. So Emini here, you just, you just want them to own, own up to the responsibility of being a young man, to be responsible to work hard and just all the characteristics you want in a, in a young man to be able to be a grown man when you done with 'em. And I think the biggest thing is when I walk in the door, I look at these young men, like young men when they leave out there during that graduate, I want them to become grown men. So you just gotta install principles and just let 'em know. And I think the biggest thing for me is I know what it looks like. I know what they, I know what the next level wants.


I know the things not to do and what to do 'cause I, I'm not the perfect pitch, you know, I did a lot of things that you know, I had to learn from. Yeah. And and now looking back, especially the social media space, like I posted a lot of things when I was young and the older I got, I was like damn, I wish I didn't post that. Damn I wish I wouldn't showed that. But But that Also shows them that you are relatable too. Yeah, for sure. You know what I'm saying? Like you got things, you got stigmas, all that type of stuff. So it and don't claim it actually. Yeah, no for Sure. Yeah. Don't claim it. Just say it's ai. No it's ai. Don't gotta claim none of this shit no more. That ain't wasn't me, wasn't me. Nah for real. That's Real though. Now I know Kevin Hart, your guy. Yes Sir. Kevin Hart came up here and he said some things about Delaware State. You, you have it. He don't understand culture when you went to HBCU you don't let it go.


Come on. You know what, let it be known. Where did you go sis? She didn't, here's your spot. She didn't. I thought I was trying to Delaware State University. There you go. HB known you Delaware State. That's just a bunch of shout out Delaware State. Now listen, don't No I know he's a huge Eagle fan. I know you guys are closed. Did you call him when you got the job and be like, bro you gotta take that back now. See what's crazy is I didn't even know about that viral moment until like maybe like a few hours ago. It wasn't viral Just in Delaware. All well just So when I heard, when I heard about what he said, I reached out to him and you know I tried to get him to call in to, to apologize.


Yeah. 'cause you know now your little hum is the head coach over there. But you know, he's dealing with all the fires And I think he's shooting a, a show right now. But one thing I would say about Kevin man, Kevin's a great dude and got a great relationship with him. I know he Just say things, you know how he is Kevin Just say things. It's Comedy. It was comedy Kevin Just joking. He just be popping it. But for sure Kevin's gonna come, he gonna come support Emini here. You know, his roots with Philadelphia and being, being a huge Eagle fan, you know, he was like, man, what I need to do, I got a building And I can put my name on. I'm like, yeah man, We got a whole lot of stuff. You can put your name on this HBCU, we gonna need you. So I'm looking forward to building a lottery day Shit man. I got a lot of relationships with, you know, like Michael Rubin is a guy that I reached out to and you know, he congratulated me as well too.


So just looking forward to pulling our resources man. And bringing it together man. 'cause I think we got a, a big opportunity man to change your perspective on HBCUs, man. And I'm, I'm, I'm stoked. I'm ready to get it going for sure. You know, you know what, when you become a, when you become a parent you start looking at your parents different, like you kind of just appreciate them more and respect them more and understood what they went through. Now that you're a coach, do you feel like that about your old coaches? 'cause you probably gave some of your coaches Help man, I promise I did. And you know what's crazy? 'cause when I was younger my mom was like, you bad but your kids are gonna be that much more bad than you are. So now I obviously my, I got two sons, six and nine and my 9-year-old boy he be giving me a run for my money.


So I'm like man, I feel what you're saying. But it's crazy you said that 'cause I was in the, in the team meeting with the guys that met him for the first time like two days ago And I could just see like man, like these dudes gonna gimme a run for my money. But it, but it's a good thing 'cause it's relatable. You know what I'm saying? I literally was just in their seats. I know what they wanna do and I'm not trying to sit here and police them like you young man, like you know right from wrong. If you want to be a elite scholar athlete, it's certain things you have to do. Emini here, it gotta look a certain way and it's the nature of the business,


Peace of the planet Charlemagne the God here. And I just want you to know if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker, prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And Together on the really no really podcast, Our mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why They refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Well space junk block your cell signal. The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, does Tom Cruise really do his own stunts? His stunt man reveals the answer and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is what his doing. How are you too? Hello my friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Really good. No really sir, bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening really. No really? Yeah, really. No. Really go to really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called Really no. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app on Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Questlove and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam, Another one Gone BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat and Another one Gone. A tip. But a cap's another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and it Did. You know, what did you know? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Now it's a lot of money involved in these colleges like you able to get paid for it. So I'm able to really walk in there and say, look, if you want X, y, z, this what you gotta do. You know what I'm saying? And if you don't do it like this Delaware state might not be your fit. And you know, it's, it's, it's unfortunate but I, I want guys that want to do this. I want guys that wanna play at the next level. Like I know what I want to accomplish there and like I said, I don't got time to wait and we don't got time to mess around. Like we not rebuilding, we coming there right now, we wanna win this year. Have You thought about that? Like what Charlemagne said, like you know these students might come in there, some of 'em might be feeling themselves a little bit bit talk to you a little crazy. Yeah. When you in the league you could talk back. I'm sure you could talk to your coach. Yeah. You know, you might have to go move some furniture but now you a coach, you can't move that furniture.


How you can't move that furniture. But one thing I will say, I think it's a respect, it's a respect level. And I always say like how, how do you, like when you first meet somebody, like do you come in there and just expect, or like say you, you got a job or you a boss and you hire somebody, like yeah you might have the authority but you not just gonna talk to 'em any type of way. Now you do have certain bosses that do feel like, you know what, I'm gonna talk to you any type of way And I don't care how you feel but like is he really gonna run, run through a wall for you? So for me it's like my perspective, if I'm gonna come here and ask you to do certain things, I'm gonna mutually build that rapport with you before I just come at you crazy and talk to you crazy. 'cause it like how I'm expect you to run through wall for me and you, I don't know you, like I don't trust you. Yeah.


You gotta build that before you just run through a wall. So I feel like building that trust and letting them know like, you know what I was once in your position, I know where you want to go. Relate to that. Let let me help you get there. Follow my steps. I can't make, I can't go play for you. I I did my thing on the field. I can't go play for you D Jack can't go on the field and go catch a pass for you. But I can tell you what it takes to get there and if it, it is on you to follow me. Like I told my my players I love y'all And I don't, I don't use that word lightly. I said I love y'all but it's on y'all to make me not love y'all. You know what I'm saying? So if if I turn my back on you, it's because you made me turn your back. It's not because I did anything. 'cause at the end of the day I'm coming in with love, I'm giving y'all love.


I'm not coming in here trying to be your daddy. Y'all got dads. Yeah I got kids but at the end of the day y'all gonna respect me 'cause if y'all respect me I'm gonna get you where you, I'm gonna get you to where you want to go to. And then A good thing to always a good way to always humble them is y'all are in Delaware, There ain't nothing out there. Just come, you know, we gonna turn up, you come to the games, bring it back, You, you know Yeah we gotta come up, come support it. But there ain't nothing in Delaware. So they ain got nothing to do but stay in them books. That's How you play ball For sure. You know what's crazy? So within the past two, three days I've been out there, I've been driving going to get food. 'cause obviously Dover is like, everything's on it one strip. So we driving out, I done seen probably like 10 of my, my student athletes, we driving down and we in the car, they're like coach.


I'm like, I'm like damn look at another player like this, another player. So it's like it is real close and it's like it's family oriented for sure. You might need that at this point in your life because you say you I do brother think you played 15 years, you retired, you was quiet, but you're still in Cali. So no, for sure around all your family, your friends, you might need that, that that quiet life. I definitely do. And I, I, I think for me man, it's, it's a great time because those who really know me after my 15 year career was over, I retired in 2022 when I played for the Ravens. So right when I retired I got my both my kids full time and their mind wasn't around. So I think that really helped me too. And that really like put some discipline in, you know. 'cause if I didn't have them I would've probably been traveling, spending money, blowing money.


I would've been everywhere. 'cause obviously people don't understand. So it's not only 15 years, it's the three years before that. And maybe one or two years before that when I was in high school. 'cause I was a high, high profile player coming outta high school. So you gotta think all them years of nonstop working out training this, that and the third. So it was 2022 when I retired where I was like, I coulda really just splurged and just went crazy. But I got my kids full time. So that really helped me sit down And I was taking 'em to school, picking 'em up, taking 'em to sports and doing a lot of things. So I think last year was like, all right, hold on. I just did that for a whole year. I said, now it's time. I can't be the baby daddy and the baby mama. I said I gotta go coach went to go coach with my older brother, coach Clark who's in the building And I let's give a huge shout out to Coach Clark.


Coach Clark. Yeah, he, he's a huge inspiration on my life and not only to my life mentor to a lot of a lot of young men. He put a lot of young guys and to college, active college players right now that are ballers. Man I'm excited for his journey. 'cause this was a dream come true for him to get this spot in this position. And he's coming with you. He coming, I made him my assistant head coach man. Cool. Because just for everything he meant to me and what he did. Emini here, it's a dream come true man. He's leaving his family. He's leaving his daughters. He left his school that we just built something crazy that's never been happening in a hundred years. And he coming man. So man I I just want to tell you I appreciate you big brother. That's what it's what about, I wanna ask something like, because you know, like I said, you know, even with the, the coaching thing at Woodrow Wilson High School, there's things that people don't amplify, right?


I didn't know that you had custody of your kids like because you the other way around, right? Nah, real Salt. The daddy wasn't around. Why, why wasn't the mother around? So some personal things went down. So, you know, we was, we was trying to work out our situation and throughout our situation I was actually, I was playing for the Los Angeles Rams in 2021. And throughout that period of time, you know we was, we was back and forth on and off for about six or seven years and it just came a point in time where we kind of, we couldn't really figure it out. She left and you know, started dealing with some individual and the principals didn't align. You know what I'm saying? The guy she was dealing with didn't align to what I was preaching and doing over here and we kind of just didn't see eye to eye.


We didn't talk, we lost communication. And for me, like I'm a very respectful man And I understand when you're in a partnership and you have kids with somebody, you have to align. And if things don't align, like I'm not finna have my kids be around somebody that I can't talk to 'em or I can't know where their location is or I'm not going for that. Like my dad installed principles in me And I would never turn my back on my kids. So I'm very influential in my kids' life. And yeah, so it just went and we didn't talk And I was like, ah, I'm grabbing my kids and it wasn't nothing, you know, nothing too personal. At the end of the day I just had to grab my kids man. And that for me that was like I could not be one of them dads that's just not around man. And then You got two boys. So Two boys And I love 'em to death for sure.


So it wasn't like a court situation, You nah, Emini here. It almost got to some court stuff but like we really figured it out before the end end. So it didn't really have to get messy. 'cause you know them of court, it is public, you try like hide, you try to close case and all that and it just kind of got too, too out there. So I was like, you know what, let me just, you know, get 'em. And she granted him to me and stuff and then, and we just kind of did like that. But it's, it is good now because now that I'm coaching, you know, she ain't dealing with the dude no more and like me and her is cool now. So I'm like alright cool, you gonna help me out? I'm about to get this full-time coaching job. The kids can come back with you and you know where everything's good. So I'm them two years. It was tricky though. But we, we good now. Now You're from LA is your family okay when we got the fire? Yeah man, it's crazy. I'm supposed to be going back Saturday.


I'm gonna actually stay in town for the Eagle game on Sunday. But my mom's here. She came in town for it. But yeah, like my family is kind of more on the outskirts. But a lot of people in LA man it's, you know, it's crazy man. I just wanna pray for my city man and you know, hopefully everything gets, you know, handled. Absolutely. Absolutely. I I just gotta ask, you know, before you leave, know the Eagles and Giants rivalry was, was crazy. I've been to one game in Philly And I told myself I'll never go back. Just the, the fans in Philly is different. Yeah, it's crazy. They're different. I've never seen nothing like that. I had a baby with me and they was still said, I little kid we kill newborn fuck. I'm like, Jesus. But what did you think about the Giants? Latin Sego.


Latin Sego. Yeah, Emini here. Honestly, I, that was the stupidest thing you could have ever did and was crazy. I think like one of the, so it was like a front office guy who was actually on the Eagles. He worked for the Eagles and then like he went to to New York and he was in the room. 'cause I remember when they was making the decision And I seen him, I'm like, man, he used to work for Philly and it's crazy come I'm sitting there listening to what they're talking about. They're like, oh yeah, you know, he, he had an okay year but you know, we could, we could probably just let him go like we're not gonna pay him. And I'm just listening to the conversation and to see a year later, not even a year later, He's Killing him. Killing him at a high level. And I think, you know, sometimes it's just the reunion, like you need that fresh start. You need that energy. 'cause you know, when you're at a team, oh I hope none of y'all are Giants fans, but when you're at, Nah, hell no.


I I am a giant not in life. I am. Can we put a, I Didn't know we talking about say Sayquan signed this so I gotta turn it this way, but damn He talking about you. I'm a cowboy fan. Trying ain't even bad. But That's what I said cowgirl. I'm, I'm a cowboy killer Talk that Do your homework. He not know about My Daddy was a cowboy fan. He is a cowboy fan. I don't, you know, I, I'm, I'm grandfathered Then every Year he say gonna Super Bowl every Year. That's what they say. My boy I got a a best friend. He was a diehard cowgirl fan. My bad. Oh cow cowgirl you say right here Cowgirl fan in like every year. Oh this right here, this right here. This right here. Then middle way through the season. Ah nah, maybe next. I'm like bro y'all need to just get rid of Jerry Jones. Man, once y'all get Jerry get rid of him then y'all might be all you spoke With Jerry Jones the other day.


I saw him the other day. I saw him in St. Barts And I told him, I said man we gotta get this shit together. And he hit me with some rich white man shit like well yeah we zigged when we was supposed to zag but I fuck me Zzi, That's And I, you know that's a bad Raven deal. Raven Ravens. Oh yeah, you locked in. We good. Lamar Jackson went crazy this year. They did? Yeah. What y'all, what y'all, what y'all predicting on the Super Bowl? I Actually think Baltimore. Yeah Baltimore. And I Don't know why I got a feeling about Baltimore this Who else Though? Baltimore and Philly. Probably Somebody said that Chief. I think. I think, I think Eagle's gonna get shit. Well actually Baltimore. Baltimore, ah, I wanna say Baltimore and Philly but I think Baltimore and the alliances Lions I like, I like that. That could be a potential Eagles look good. Yeah but I, I wanted to say too, you know a lot of these coaches are leaving, especially like older white coaches because they say they can't handle these kids And I l deals and these NIL deals.


And that's why I think it's good for guys like you 'cause you made damn near a hundred million in the league And I think the one thing that they're missing, yeah they might be making some money now, right? But there's a whole bigger, bigger, bigger bag to get. It's a bigger picture later And I think only guys that have done it like yourself can relate to them kids like that. So Emini here, you support me, right? Yeah, Absolutely. Charlotte man supporting DJ Man that's love Man. You mean that A-H-B-C-U? Yeah. Yeah We love, we asked for a helmet but they said you only have one. Don't worry, I Got y'all. We gonna take No for real, I'm gonna lock in with y'all. Whatever y'all need Helmet, Whatever y need. No I'm serious. We want a helmet to put him up. I got my Hampton helmet up there. My, you know, I like To be thought, I thought it was Howard my bad. Nah, I saw Us Hampton and we don't Salute Eddie George enough either.


They always talk about Mike Vick and, and Dion definitely Eddie George does his thing over there too, man. Not He definitely come out and support. Definitely. And I saw what Dion said about you. He's just like, everybody need to wrap their arms around your stuff. Has he always been in your corner like that Or Yeah, Dion's always been a, a big influencer for me man. I think going back to when I was in high school, man, he used to reach out to me and had a opportunity to sit with him a few times. One official with him a few times and just really pick his brain. Man. I think he's, he's a special dude man. Him and him and Jerry Rice are like my two mentors. So to have two guys like that in my corner, man every step of the way. Even like while I was playing even before I got to the league. So Emini here, that ain't, that ain't just a post. He just posting like we really locked in and we got a real great relationship and he's helping out a lot.


Like my thing I think you know in our culture we don't give a flowers to people that really like support us and help us out. I definitely want to give Coach Promise flowers 'cause he's for the culture. He is the culture. I think he's doing some great things and a lot of people still hating on him like at a big level man what his sons is doing. Like that's a dream come true man for any man. And I know they be like, oh he daddy balling all he is doing. I don't care man. If you got an opportunity to, to coach your kids and see him at the highest level and succeed like that, I hope he become the first pick man. I hope I, you know what? Oh nah, y'all can't get 'em. Well beat their pick. The Tennessee Titans might be able to do it. Patriots don't they got the first who? The Tennessee Titans. I took Titans first. First The Titans and the Patriots and then the giant whoever, Whoever they need to make it a package deal man let the daddy and the coach man go in.


They probably come back and get shy low later on. Maybe get Travis at a two. You never know That be Prime said some slick shit on on Wallo and Gilly show And I picked it up. He was like, he on something. He was like, I would coach in the NFL if I could coach my two son. Yeah They, I'm like oh I see what he did. I know a little something that the only way he ain't going back to Colorado is something like that happen. And I know Dion man, he's a, yeah, he, he liked that. He might, we might see that it might be crazy. I Would love for the Giants to pick him up. Giants. Y'all won a a a mean a non meaningful game. Like why would y'all, that Was stupid as hell. Ask do y'all ever Emini here in the NFL, do y'all ever Just say like there's no sense of winning this game, let's not win this game.


Does that conversation happen? I can't account for that. I now higher up potentially. Yeah 'cause they want them number one picks I I, I believe that happens but as a player you go out there playing around you gonna get hurt and one injury in your career so it's not really worth going out there trying to bull Bs and mess around and tear your ACL or be knocked out on. You gotta think them grown men on that field, they taking care of they families and they want they bonuses so it's a lot of money riding on them games. So I don't, I never partake in none. I don't, can't speak for nobody else but I ain't never did. They Should have just pulled some of the players out. Let's pull him out for this play. Yeah for he's in injured, let's pull This one out. It ain't nothing for them to win that game. Nothing Like come on y'all. He sucked the whole, That was the first home win, You feel me?


Like come on, what are we doing? That's the only game I ain't go. I'm like I'm not going that game. We gonna lose this win and they win. I'm sitting in the house like what the is going on? Nah, that's crazy man. Oh man. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. Congratulations again man. Man, Thank you man. Absolutely. It's not gonna Up to this situation, right? You're not going? Nah, you ain't gonna end up quitting before the Nah. Okay, Okay. Nothing I do. I quit in life man. Stupid. We gonna be there to support everything gonna all go And I just wanna tell y'all too, man, y'all been killing it with y'all show man. Been watching y'all for a long time. Rest in peace. Nipsey Huss, that's my brother man. Got a great relationship with him man. But I been watching y'all and seeing y'all do y'all thing man. Y'all keep going man. Take it off man. For real. Yes sir. Alright, Well it's Deshaun Jackson, the new head of the coach, the new head coach for Delaware State Hornets and it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together our mission On the really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor, what's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast, follow Us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.