
American Public University. With service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your lifestyle. With online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules, a PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition. And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, a PU is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. That's ap.apus.edu/military


Meetings. Deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bolds premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand Up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Wake that ass up early in The morning. The Breakfast Club. Yeah. It's The World Most Dangerous Morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne God, Lauren LaRosa Envy. And Jess, our album. We got a special guest. David Oyelowo was here. Did I, did I say it Right? You did. You did. You did. Okay. I had to ask you beforehand because, You know, you see, I, I appreciate That you did. Yeah, I see it all the time, but I'm like, I don't want to hack it when I try to say it. No, everywhere. Everyone does. But you, you nailed it. How are you, sir? I'm very good. Very good. It's great to be here. Absolutely. So you got Government Cheese happening right now? Yeah. On Apple tv? Yeah. I, so in watching this, but also some of the other things that I've seen you play in, can you just first talk about your career and like the roles that you select, all of the roles that I know you for are very powerful, very, like you, you, you tell stories that are like so important to black people Mm.


Coming out the gate. You are, is that something you were like, Hey, this has to be it for me, this is what I wanna do. Or did you just fall into these roles because like, how, how did it happen? No, thank you for saying that. It's very intentional. You know, I was incredibly influenced by film and television growing up, and I was aware quite early that the images I was taking in were in some ways informing me of what blackness means globally speaking. And then I had this incredible moment where having been born and, and grown up in the uk, we moved back to Nigeria for six years, from the age of six to 13.


And I was suddenly in a country, in an environment where I was not a minority. Everything on offer in that, in that society was mine for the taking. And I realized that these images that I was internalizing that often had black people on the periphery or playing what I deemed to be caricatures or stereotypes were insidious, were were detrimental to us as a people. And so having moved back to the UK becoming an actor, I felt that if I'm not part of the solution, I'm part of the problem. And so I've, I've definitely gravitated towards roles and projects that mean that I am trying to change what I saw growing up.


I'm trying to widen the aperture and contextualize who and what we are as black people. That's interesting. I wonder how did you know that, you know, they were caricatures and stereotypes if you've never, if you hadn't been to America to see for yourself yet? Because I, I was living in communities where black people were central to their own lives. And I knew that what I was seeing, 'cause it wasn't just America, it was in the UK as well, you know, if, if every time you see a black person, they are on the periphery of the narrative. If so often they are criminalized or marginalized. That was not my experience walking through the earth. And I was, I felt that's intentional. That's political, that's propaganda in a sense.


And it's having a, a detrimental effect on me because there is a disconnect between my lived experience and what I'm internalizing on screen. So that's how I knew it was something to be combated. You know, it's so interesting, right? 'cause I, I, I have that conversation often. 'cause you know, when you watch film and television in the nineties, if everything had some type of socially redeeming value Right. You know what Emini here And I always wonder what the hell happened to that. Right. It felt like it was intentional Yeah. For them to stop showing us that and start giving us like the reality television. Yeah. Well I can tell you exactly what happened. So often, why you go, you had those films that were bringing context to who we are as black people is because it was largely being framed and made by black people.


What has happened a lot is that our stories, we craft them, we develop them, but at some point you've gotta take it to people who have green light power, who are not from our demographic. And so therefore you're having to push who we are through their perception of who we are. And it almost always gets eroded, watered down or marginalized. And, and that's what's happening. For some reason in the nineties, there, there were, there were producers, there were creatives, there were directors who were just doing it all themselves. And it was getting celebrated and it was less watered down. And, and that, that's why I think we had that golden era. Yeah. 'cause you, how you go from the Cosby Show being the number one show on television.


Right. Different world being the number two show on television. Right. And then all of a sudden it's just like, okay, that don't work no more. Right. Wow. Right. Right. I think there's some intention behind it. You know, you look at what's happening in the education system, there's a reason why they're trying to reduce what we have access to by way of knowledge as to who we are. Because knowledge is power. So you take that power away, you can continue to subjugate people. So, you know, in, in relation to what you said, I love what I get to do. I love being a storyteller, but I do often feel like it's also a, a political act gets our, get our stories told. Is it ever heavy for you? Because like, I remember watching you in the story about Dr. Martin Luther King and Selma Yeah.


In Selma. And I like, I know there's a lot 'cause you also have done theater. Yeah. You're very serious about what you do. So I know that there's a lot of study and like deep study and things of that nature. So you're probably doing that for every single role. And there's a lot of like, just trauma that you take on differently because you get so close to your characters. How does that stick with you? Like in that pressure from outside world too of like, these are characters and people that, you know, have shaped our world. Yeah. Emini here, I try to stay away from the trauma component. What I mostly gravitate towards are aspirational representations of us. So in playing Dr. King, the gift for me was to see a leader. To see someone who was an icon, but who was a human being as well.


And I, I'm interested in stories where we get to be triumphant, where we get to be someone you would aspire to be no matter what demographic of person you are. More often than not, when you see black people in a historical context, we are brow beaten, we are broken down. And often we don't, we're not allowed to ascend. You won't catch me in that narrative. For me personally, we have got to, for me, be on an upward trajectory in whatever we do. So it's less traumatic, it's more celebratory of who we are without shying away from the challenges we faced. Yeah. They never want to show you the slave revolting.


Right, Right. Exactly. Exactly. And, and for me, you know, that's why I resist slave narratives. 'cause it's very hard to find the triumphant in that. The closest I came to that was playing Bass Reeves in that this show Low Men, bass Reeves, he starts enslaved. But the great thing about being a producer is that you can ensure or be a, a, a voice in where the, the narrative goes. I would not have taken that on if he didn't go from enslavement to empowerment. Mm. Staying in enslavement is not something that I want to project to our people because there are people who enjoy that narrative as a means of keeping us down. You said something interesting you said in being a producer you get to kind of like, you know, help to figure out where the character development goes and stuff like that.


Yeah. What part of your career did that become an option for you? Because not all actors have the ability to be on a set and say, Hey, I think that we should change this or empower differently because of how my people will see this. Yeah. When did that happen first for in your career? It happened by accident. It was on Selma. I, I got the script just as an actor in 2007. Felt a real calling to play that role, but I auditioned for it. And the first director said, David Owo is not Dr. King. That was literally the feedback. And it took another seven years before the, the film came to fruition. But what I could never had anticipated was that I would go from being an actor who was rejected initially to three directors later because they just kept on not wanting to make that movie.


Because Black doesn't travel, the audience is not gonna gravitate towards it. Whatever the excuses are that they, they still say that. Well they did Back, back. Even back the Tyler Perry. Oh yeah. Abso Emini here. Yeah. You, you think this is a film about Dr. King Tyler Perry. Because they said that they told Tyler Perry black people wouldn't lead the theater to go to the movies. They don't travel Beyonce. I think you Meant global, you meant like globally, right at the global box office. Right. Globally. But here as well, the, the narrative was black people don't wanna see black struggle. White people don't wanna see, you know, feel white guilt and things like that. But, you know, it wasn't till 2010, Lee Daniels actually came along and was the one who actually cast me in it. Mm. Still couldn't get the film made.


In the meantime, I did a small film with Ava DuVernay called Middle of Nowhere, small $200,000 movie. And I felt she is a genius. Lee had moved on from the project 'cause they wouldn't give him enough money to make it. And I, I went in and fought very hard for Ava to be the one to direct it. She rewrote the script. It was brilliant rewrite of the script. Still couldn't get it made. I'd done The Butler with Oprah at that time. I invited Oprah on to be a producer on to on the, the film. 12 Years A Slave came out and had done well, which had broken down this notion of our stories not traveling. And so the aggregation of all of those things is what went on to mean.


Selma got made. What I didn't realize I was doing by bringing on Ava, bringing on Oprah, fighting Daily to try and get the thing made was producing. And so I thought, oh, okay, well I can do that again for, for the things that I believe in and I'm passionate about. And so, you know, that was 10, 11 years ago now And I haven't stopped since. That's so good. So why Didn't Oh, go. I was just gonna say, that's so crazy. 'cause 12 Years A Slave came out in 2013. Right. That that was even still a conversation then. Absolutely insane. It was, it was the conversation back then. Emini here. I had done the last King of Scotland before that. And people may not remember, but the, even though we think of Forrest Whitaker in that film, the lead of that film was actually James McAvoy.


They would not have made that film unless there was the Scottish White doctor as the lead of the role. It was the sheer force of Forrest Whitaker's performance. That meant he went on to win Best Actor. I was in the help, it was the character played by Emma Stone, who was the lead character of the Help. Not Viola Davis. Not Octavia Spencer. It was the sheer force of their performances. That means that they are the ones we think about. Right. So when I first read Selma in, in 2007, Lyndon Johnson was the lead character. Dr. King was a supporting character. This is how these films were getting made back then. Then they were always fronted by, by white characters.


And you, you were sort of on the, on the periphery, but it's the sheer force of who we are as performers. That meant that you go, oh, that's the, you know, same thing with Glory. You know, Matthew Broderick is the lead of that movie, but we think of Denzel and Morgan Freeman, you know, in, in that movie. So that's how these films always got made until, you know, 2013, there was 12 years A slave without 12 Years a Slave. I don't think Selma gets green lit in 2014. Is That racism or business? It's racism really? No, Emini here. It's the, it's not business. When the Butler, we couldn't get the film made because no one would put money in. We had to go to Cannes to raise the funds.


We sold, sold 17, maybe 18 foreign territories, got the $18 million to make the movie. The only reason the film got completed, 'cause that wasn't enough money to make it is because a hurricane hit the set. So we used the insurance money to complete the movie. Wow. So we made it, I think it at the end of the day was around $25 million. We made that movie for, it made $172 million. So it's not business because, you know, anytime we end up making these shows or these films and they succeed, they then get deemed that they have overperformed. Mm. Which in my opinion, even With the white lead. Yes. Okay. But because, because, well in the Butler Forrest Whitaker's, the lead and, and, and incentives around a black family.


So that's why there was resistance to making it. But there's no way you are struggling to raise $25 million to make a movie if you knew it was gonna make $172 million. The assumption is that it won't make that money. So that's why I say it's not a business decision, it's a race racist Decision. Yeah. I I just wonder what those assumptions are based off. Are they based off box office success, Emini here, you know, now in 2025, it would be much harder to have those conversations because of the success of a lot of black led movies. Absolutely. Back then, you know, 'cause we've arra we've eroded the lie. Yeah. We have too many, we have raw data. And that's the thing that streaming has done as well, you know, streaming for, for, I saw a clear uptick in my career when streaming came along because the reason why it's racism is it's tied to the opinion of a very small sample size of people who are not our demographic, who make these decisions purely based on opinion, not on raw data.


Now, Netflix, Amazon, apple, you know, there is data. We see the, you know, law men, bass Reeves, I tried to get that show made for 10 years. It got rejected by Hol Hollywood three times. It went on to be the most successful widely viewed show on Apple TV plus globally in 2023. There's no way that would that, that was the estimation of what it would be, you know, in relation to how many times it was rejected. Right. So we have consistently eroded that, but we still are being saddled with this what I deemed to be a pejorative, which is it Overperformed? No, it didn't. Overperform just performed.


The audience gravitated towards it because we're human beings telling great stories in a great way. And the global audience are rewarding us for it. I do get mad at, I do get mad at us sometime when we don't show up for certain projects though. Right. Because you have to, like, at the end of the day, this still, I, I understand everything you're saying and you're right. But it is still a business. Yeah. At the end of the day. Yeah. And we make it easy for them to say no when we don't show up. Well, I, it, I guess it depends on when you deem us not showing up. I've definitely had projects where I was like, oh, come on guys, show up. But, you know, I think we're 14% of the population here, but black and brown people, you know, With a trillion dollars in spending power though.


Exactly. A year. Yeah. But we over index like, it's like 40% of viewership on, on, on streaming is us. You know? So we show up for the art form. We are the culture, we are the drivers of the culture. And so to constantly have the folks who are driving that culture on the margins of it doesn't really make sense. I wonder if it's the type of art too though that there's, 'cause they're quick to make a comedy, right? They'll make a right. You know what Emini here. Right. But when it's actually something of some substance Yeah. It's a little harder to make. Well, That's why, and to your point, that's why I try to push the envelope with what I do. I'm always trying to find something that is a fresh way into telling a story.


So, you know, Government Cheese is a comedy, but it's a surrealist, parabolic, fantastical comedy that has this sort of spiritual journey element. Something you'd probably expect more from Wes Anderson than from us. So it's, it's comedy, but I like to think it has more substance, you know, artistically there there's, there's, there's layers to it. And, and so it's, it's, it's a little bit chicken and egg as well because if we get opportunities to do one thing and that one thing is doing well, well you're gonna keep feeding that machine. Right? If it's harder for us to color outside the lines and then there's so much pressure on whether that thing succeeds or not, that's really difficult because, you know, if I'm a white person and I'm taking a big swing, the chances are I'm gonna have about 4, 5, 6, maybe seven at bats, you know, with, with us one, maybe two.


And so that puts a lot of pressure. So the temptation is to keep on doing the safe thing. But that's the thing I've, I've told myself I can't afford to be safe. I wanted to ask real quick, why didn't they want you, why didn't the director want you to play MLK? What was his reasoning? Well, he was, I I, he, he was entitled to, to his opinion, Emini here. He, he was a white male director who I think was more focused on the LBJ character. And he had another actor in mind. Like I say, his, his his his choice. But to be honest, when I think about it now, that's not the version of the story I would've ever truly been proud of. Or, you know, that's in line with those other movies I talked about.


You see it with the constant gardener or blood diamond as well, you know, these, these films that insist on a white protagonist when we are central to the story. And that's what that version of Selma was gonna be. So I'm actually really glad that that version isn't what isn't the one that got made. What's success for you now? Because when I think about the Selma movie, I remember the Oscar situation where you guys were up for these awards, like the movie itself, but then you and Ava DuVernay and you spoke out and said that you feel like you guys were snubbed because you protested wearing the I can't breathe t-shirts. Mm. So it can't be award shows for you at this point, right? No, no, no, no, no. Emini here. You, you, you, the, the, the, the opportunity that adversity has afforded is to know that ultimately I know that those accolades are necessarily designed with us in mind.


Mm. Don't get me wrong. Happy to get them if and when they come along. But the, the reward, which I couldn't have foreseen with Selma, was Oscar so white. Mm. You know, the fact that Selma started that movement and, and meant that our industry was held to account from without the industry, the culture literally said, we do not agree with how you treated that film or how you're treating us generally. And that pressure really did change the face of Hollywood for a time anyway. You know, it definitely moved the needle Because that year, all 20 acting nominees were white. Right. But how did, so for you, when you come in after that year and you're, you know what Emini here, you, you don't hold back.


You're very vocal about how you feel and what you're experiencing on the business side of it. As a producer, someone that is directing and doing all these things that you're doing, are studios welcoming you with opening arms? Like in an ideal world? Or do you feel the resistance even more after a moment like that? It's complicated because, you know, in that situation it was that first year and then the next year it was the same thing. Right. So, you know, what was helpful about that is that you, again, like I said earlier, data, it's not, I'm not just playing the race card. I'm not just complaining. You have two years in a row where every nominee is, is a white person and not a person of color. That suggests there is something wrong with our industry.


When you consider how much our communities support this industry, how prolific we are within this industry, the work that we are producing, which the audience is saying they value and are remunerating at the box office. And so that becomes something you can hold the, the industry accountable to. And that's something like you say, I've been vocal about, I've been very energized about. And that has been a big driver for my work. I love something you said, you said the opportunity that adversity has afforded. Yeah. Can you expound on that, Fred? Well, you know, when you are in the middle of it, it's no fun. You know, when, when, when your film is being attacked, when it's being accused of inaccuracy, when people are saying actually the, the Selma march was Lyndon Johnson's idea, not Dr.


King's idea, all of which is completely true, sorry, all of which is completely false. But you can feel the reason you are being attacked is because you're actually doing something worthwhile. Mm. Doesn't feel great. Breaking new ground doesn't feel great. But the, the ultimate reward is there is nowhere in The World I go now where, you know, black people in particular are not just hugely supportive of me because that adversity that we face publicly, people are facing in their lives privately and say they, they go, I see you, I see what you're trying to do. I'm with you. I'm gonna support you. And so that level of support is something no one can take from me.


And, and since that adversity, I can feel it. And it's, it's a continuing groundswell because my contract, not just with black people as an audience, but with the audience generally, is I'm gonna just consistently try to contextualize who we are as black people. If you're down for that, come on the ride with me. And that may have not been something I was so focused on if I'd had all the accolades that, you know, could have been afforded. I wanna talk about Government Cheese. So the name itself of the series. Yeah, let's talk about that first. Yeah. Because you, it's referring to the gov the the Government Cheese program. Yeah. Which is a kind of like a overarching conversation that you guys have throughout the series Yeah. Without really having it all the way. Yeah. So talk about the, you know, just the, the choice to title with that.


Yeah. And you know, what you hope, the hope is that people get just from looking at the title before they even see it, it, Yeah. Emini here, Government Cheese for us was symbolic of what we tend to do as black people, you know, necessity being the mother of invention. We will take nothing and make it into something. And Government Cheese, as people may know as government subsidized food, there was powdered eggs, there was powdered milk as well. And with, with Government Cheese in particular, you talk to people, even now they have this, you know, they go into this place in their heads when they think about those grilled cheese sandwiches or the mac and cheese. And they, they talk about it incredibly fondly because it was, you know, a not particularly nutritious food that people made into a delicacy.


And what you have with the chamber's family is that they are, are this black family in the valley in the sixties making something out of nothing. This guy starts the show. Incarcerated has this epiphany about making a self sharpening drill. It's going to be the means by which his family comes out of the challenging situations they're in. So it's aspirational. You have the character that Simone Misick plays. She's a receptionist, but she wants to be an interior designer. You have a, a son who's aspiring to be a pole vaulter. You have this other son of ours who, you know, is completely obsessed with Native American culture. Everyone is looking beyond where they are from an aspirational point of view.


And in many ways Government Cheese is sort of symbolic of that. What's the equivalent of Government Cheese in the uk? I don't, I don't, as a British man, did you understand what that was? Yes. Emini here we don't have exactly the, the the same thing. But I remember, you know, you got bottles of milk that everyone got, you know, that would get dropped at your house every, every morning. And that was something that was a a across the nation, super rich people were not getting that necessarily. But it was, you know, lower income families. So that's the closest that we got in, in terms of that situation. But the thing I know from living in the uk, living in Nigeria and Africa living here, is that wherever you go, the resilience of black people in terms of, you know, making something out of nothing is just something that feels pretty universal.


You, you've had other roles that have highlighted black life in the sixties. What about Government Cheese felt different from those other projects? Just the amount of joy on display. Okay. And, and just the, the relatability, I think, you know, our experience is very specific, especially in the sixties as it pertains to civil rights and black struggle. But, you know, with this family, they are dealing not only with economic challenges, but marital challenges and they're raising kids and, you know, just, just trying to make ends meet. And, and, And I, And I think all of those things are, are what make it fresh and familiar at the same time.


You know, you've seen black people in the sixties, but never quite like this, never quite in this place and never this family, you know, they're, they're, they're kind of out there. But, you know, I have a four kids myself. And you know, it's weird. It's not until you go to a, a restaurant and you see people looking at you funny. You realize how, how weird and quirky your own family is. 'cause you're just being super loud and people are keying into your conversation. So I think we're probably all, all a bit more quirky and weird than we care to admit. Well this, this series is definitely a lot more like light and fun and, you know, even though it takes on like some serious undertones. But I was reading this article that you did with a men's health magazine Yeah. And you were talking about going out into Wyoming on a ranch with your kids.


Oh yeah. And I, when I saw the article, I was like, this is like a random interview for him to have right now. And then I was reading And I was like, I get it because it, you, you put yourself in a light of like a person who has had to learn again to just like, relax and just be fun and just be a person because you know, you're studying, you're acting, you're working. Then there's clauses where you can't go out and do stuff like that, which makes a lot of sense. Yeah. But those moments with your, your kids where you're just, they're seeing you as like a human or as like, dad is fun, dad can do these things. Yeah. How does that reignite you when you get back on these sets, you know, and you take on these characters like the one in a Government Cheese. I'm So glad you brought that up because you know, everything I'm saying is hard work.


And you know, when I make a show probably in the past to an unhealthy degree, I feel like it's a political act. I feel like it's not just about me going to work and taking on a story. I'm bringing my people with me. And you could argue that there are elements of that that are unhealthy. And so to, to smell the ro roses while you're on the journey, to continue to intentionally enjoy your family, enjoy your marriage, enjoy your home, has been something that I've tried to afford myself more and more as I've got deeper into my career. Especially as there are now more wins on the board.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Balancing work, family, and education isn't easy, but American Public University makes it possible with online courses, monthly start dates and flexible schedules. A PU is designed for busy professionals who need education that fits their lives and affordability matters too. A PU offers the opportunity grant giving students 10% off undergraduate and master's level tuition, helping you reach your goals without breaking the bank. Plus they provide career services and 24 7 mental health support at no extra cost. Visit apu.apus.edu to learn more. That's apu.apus.edu.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your peace on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table at and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at and t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You know, there, there are really significant things that I've done that are absolutely in line with what I set out to do. Right? And the temptation is to just be like, okay, what's next? What's next? What's next? And you know, I have four kids, three, three boys and a girl. I have a, a wife who I deeply love. And you know, that is just as important and a life well lived is is not really about what you did. It's how you made people feel. And, and the thing he says that, well, there you go. And you're right. And, and, And I want the people closest to me to feel like I was present, to feel like I I I didn't Just say I loved them, but my actions demonstrated that as well.


And I think that's time that's just constantly demonstrating to the people you love, that you value being in their presence. And so that is, that's I'm, I'm I'm working on it. I'm not gonna tell you that I, you know, I'm, I'm all the way there, but that's definitely an intention I'm trying to bring more into my Life. Is is that what you meant when you said in the article that you came back a different dad From which Oh, in that house? Yeah. I came back a different, wow, you guys really do your research. You really read that article. I'll say, Is this PR team Right? Or whoever, whoever was that pitched that, that was so smart because in looking you up everything else, okay, go on. Yeah, I didn't even know she pitched that. Yeah, well you don't just end up in Men's Health magazine.


Oh, I thought you meant pitched it to us. Oh, no, no, no. Got gotcha. Gave me that story. I would've ran it up too. Right, right. No, when I saw that I was like, it was so genius because I think your reputation as an actor is so, like, it's, it's very like stern and you know, silent and serious. Right. And then I see this article about you doing all this stuff in Wyoming with your kids. I'm like, wait, hold on. What? He be having fun. So it made me go read it. But That's, but that's what I, I guess, yeah. Yeah. When you said you came back a different dad, I guess you just realize like, I, I can't just be so much into my work. I still gotta be Pops. But, but also I, you know, I, I was a really rambunctious kid. I would throw myself all over the place.


I was one of three boys and then I had my own kids And I got super like wrapping them in cotton wool, like, oh, careful, careful, don't do that. Oh, da da. You know. And then we went on this trip where we're horse riding and ATVing and we're shooting arrows and bike riding. And I just really just let myself go probably a bit too much. 'cause I went flying over the handlebars of the a TV at one point. But, you know, I I I, I do that when I'm playing a role. Yeah. Because it's like, throw yourself into the role, do whatever the role requires. But for my kids to see me having fun in that way was an eyeopener for them. And I came back differently because I was like, you know what?


I am almost playing a role for my kids in order for them to be safe. Mm. But they also need to see dad sort of letting loose and having fun because then they'll hopefully take the right kind of risks, not just, you know, careless risks. And I, it, it was a shift in the dynamic and it was something I actually didn't want to go on. Particularly my wife won it in a raffle this trip to this dude ranch and then sent us all out. And it, you know, I'm so grateful that we did it and we've done so many more things like that since then. 'cause it was a hugely beneficial for our family. I want a trip at a raffle. Yeah. We gotta get you more money for a movie, man. What The hell? It was. It was a very, it was very posh raffle.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I know, I know. That made it sound bad. Did you have any reservations about playing MLK? Because you are a British actor and, you know, there's always that thing of why are all of the British actors playing the roles of American icons? No, because of the way it came in. You know, when I read the script in 2007, I had never been thinking of myself as Dr. King, you know, but I'm a Christian. I was in a time of prayering fasting And I felt, God, tell me you are gonna play this role. And then the way it came about eventually, which is that, you know, I can safely say pretty much no one worked as hard to get that film made as I did.


And I would probably say no one else was quite as influential in getting that film made between bringing on Ava, between bringing on Oprah, between all the, the work done behind the scenes to try and get the film made. So for me, I just found it unacceptable that the only American who had a holiday named after him in the 20th century, who happens to be be a black man, had not had a film made about him yet. I wasn't feeling like I have to be the one to make it, but this was already 50 years after his assassination. Why do we not have the movie? And I'm a big believer in if not me, then who. And, and so I was never really thinking I'm British, it should be someone else.


And the reality is that when Lee Daniels was casting for it, he met everyone. Like I, I met, I saw the list of some of the people he met. I was like, oh my lord, I cannot believe I'm going up against my heroes to even dare think I'm gonna be the one to play this. But I eventually got the role. And so for me it's a question of, okay, now I've been given the opportunity. It's less about whether or not I should play it. It's more about how well I do it. And that is gonna be, at the end of the day, the thing that I want people to judge. And so I never really thought about it in that way because at the end of the day, I have no interest in playing myself on screen. I'm always gonna be gravitating towards the most extreme challenge in terms of playing someone who's not necessarily me.


How do you answer that question when people say, why do British actors often portray Americans in movies and on tv, but American actors rarely play British Cag. I would say that the question comes from a place of scarcity as opposed to the artistry of what we do. Daniel Day Lewis is never having to feel that question when he plays Lincoln, you know, white British actors who play a myriad of American roles, Christian Bale, Kate Winsler, you know, they're just not asked that question. We don't ask that question when Meryl Streep goes and plays Margaret Thatcher. Really? We actually don't really ask that question. When Forrest Whitaker goes and plays Emini here, an African character or Morgan Freeman goes and plays Nelson Mandela or the great and late Chadwick Bozeman plays an African character in, in, in Black Panther.


I think it's to do with scarcity here as it pertains to the work we have. And so if there's scarcity, there are less opportunities. Who gets the opportunity is more scrutinized. And I think it's a function of that. And so I'm less concerned with that debate. I'm more engaged with let's create more opportunity and let's actually realize there's more pie than we care to realize or admit. And if you don't know that, create that, you know, because Morgan Freeman tried to get bass res made for 30 years. I just don't understand how Morgan Freeman couldn't get that made.


You know, I came along 150 years after bass res was walking the earth and you know, I I feel very blessed that I managed to get it made. My question becomes, would you rather it didn't get made or, or that we just wait another 150 years? You know, I can't speak to why I, I've been the one afforded the opportunity, but I will tell you that it's pretty tough to outwork me when it comes to getting these stories right. And I welcome, you know, a situation whereby Viola Davis gets to play an an African warrior in Woman King. You know, that's, that's what we should be doing because we are all from that place.


And, and so, you know, like I say, all those African Americans playing African characters is beautiful. I don't see why it is so contested when the, when the flow is the other way as well. Yeah. I forgot who we were talking to. It was an American actor, I can't remember. And they were just simply, they simply said, because British actors are better and they take the craft more serious. And yeah, I challenge that. Okay. I challenge that because I think it's also to do with opportunity. Look, my my the tradition in the UK is you go to drama school for three years, it's an expensive education. My son is at Lambda, the same school I went to right now. It's expensive. I managed to get a scholarship to go there.


Here there are great actors who have trained. There's Andre Holland, there's Coleman Domingo, there's Grantham Coleman. There are, there are these extraordinary actors who have trained and are getting those opportunities. Chad, Chad, Chad Bozeman was, was trained as well. Absolutely. And, and so I wouldn't say that it's a question of better, there's just a tradition in the UK where it's almost an apprenticeship. You do those three years. Then I went, I was at the Royal Shakespeare Company for another three years. So that's a six year training, you know, so when I then eventually turn up to Hollywood, 10 years after I've graduated, I'm coming in with a wealth of opportunity and training that I had in the uk.


And that's a tougher thing to get here for economically speaking the great schools that provide that kind of education. But I'm working with African American actors who are just extraordinary Emini here. You know, it was one of the things I was very focused on when we did Bass Reeves. You have Lauren E. Banks who went to Howard and Yale. You have Joa Kgo who was at Julliard. You have Grant Granton Coleman who trained you have, you have these extraordinary actors. It's just that they're not getting the opportunities to advance at the rate that their white counterparts will. And so we don't get, get, it's why we don't get to know who Denzel is or Morgan Freeman is, or Don Cheadle is. So they're in their thirties, their forties, because it's all tied to opportunity.


I saw a quote when you were talking about just African stories that are being told right now. Yeah. Because you, you mentioned us being able to play roles for those type of movies, and you said that you don't feel like there's enough stories out of Africa that don't involve a white savior. Yeah. You like, can you expand more on that and like the feeling around that? And I know you have, you're a production company and your wife and some of the things that you're doing to kind of counter that. Yeah. Emini here, traditionally speaking, like I said before, for a narrative to come out of Africa and be deemed global, there tends to be a mindset that it needs to be fronted by a white person to make it palatable.


To make it so that the, the west is going to, in some ways embrace it. The weird thing about that is that the global majority is black and brown people, not not white people. And that's over a billion Africans who now, you know, the, the, the piracy issue is becoming solved by, by streaming. And, you know, the diaspora is huge. So some of this thinking, in my opinion, is antiquated and comes from a time where it was still 12 people in Hollywood dictating what should be made and how it's gonna be seen and whether or not it's gonna be successful. When you have squid game being the, one of the biggest shows on Netflix, and it's not even English speaking, that shows that globally speaking, we've been being told lies about what an audience is gonna gravitate towards on the basis of who's fronting it or not.


And some of that mindset still exists because a lot of the gatekeepers still retain that mindset because they are still the gatekeepers in power being able to say what gets made or not. So my point is that we need more African stories. We, we just need more stories. And I think a a a huge untapped source of amazing global storytelling is Africa. Absolutely. And, and, and so, and for those stories to be authentic, they need to be made by people who are, are, are integrated in that culture. Because I truly believe the universal is found in the specific, the more authentic those stories are, I actually think the more potent they become.


Do you ever, do you have your production companies, do you rob a Saxon? Yeah. Did I say that right? You're a Saxon, so I know that you and your wife co-run that production company and I'm sure a lot of the stories that you guys tell are very close to the heart as far as like black stories. Yeah. Just by your passion here, do you get backlash at all because you're not married to a black woman doing that? And how do you deal with that? If so, Not to my face Clock it. Alright. I was sure, I was sure, I'm Sure there are plenty of people who feel some kind of way about that, but we called it Yoruba Saxon because, you know, I'm from the Yoruba tribe in, in Nigeria, she's Anglo-Saxon. And so, you know, our company is a, a demonstration of the fact that we are more alike than we are different as human beings, generally speaking, you know, in making Government Cheese.


Yes, it's a black family, but my hope and my bet is that everyone is gonna see their family in that family because of the relatable themes and components that we've woven into it. And so, you know, I'm, I'm incredibly proud of my family. I fell in love with my wife when, gosh, we met when we were teenagers, when we got married when she was 20, I was 22. And everything we have, we built together. So, you know, for me, sometimes the accusation, you know, in marrying a a white woman is, you know, they say things like, there's self-loathing in there or what's the other one? Or, or, or, or that, that she's a trophy or something like that.


We, she, we were so poor when we, When we Started out there couldn't be less, less trophy or, or, or if it, if it tried. But, you know, I am an incredibly proud black man, African Christian husband, father. There are so many things that I am on top of my demographic and who I'm married to. And those are all reflected in the, in the work that I and we do. And it's been 25 years with y'all together. 26, 26 years married, 30 years next month that we've known each other. What have y'all learned just as like co-producers and working partners on projects like race or just life?


Oh God, Emini here. Work life balance. That's a real thing to, to, to try and find. We have a two week rule whenever apart for more than two weeks. We've managed that for Oh, that's cool. 26 years. Yeah. Because you know, to be in a relationship, you have to be in proximity to be able to relate hours is a very tough business on marriages. And so, you know, we, we, we made that choice because we didn't want to be another statistic in our, in our business. We learned that, you know, the marriage is the center. The kids are a welcome addition. Do not let the kids be the glue between you. You know, always keep stay invested in, in, in that relationship. And those things have all stood us in good stead as, as business partners, you know, respect, never taking each other for granted.


You know, the, the, the, the thing, those are the things that have kept us Strong. You and your wife should be thinking about producing a biopic on a, a great man named Dr. Omar Johnson. Oh no, he's an activist here in America Scholar. Oh wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I should think about that. No, no, no. Just look into it. Look into not look into it. Listen, look into it. Oh really? Look here. Okay. Don't Listen to her. I'm gonna keep looking at you. He's, he's about to get me In trouble. Your wife and you don't, Was I, was I about to Become a meme just then? Is that what was about to Happen? Meme A meme, there's a whole chant like, No in the heart, trust me. They'll love you for that. Was that ever a role that you would pitch that you morally said to yourself, I can't do this? Well, what tends to happen is the minute you play a civil rights leader, you get every civil rights leader who's ever lived, which, so I definitely, I definitely said no to those.


The minute you play a groundbreaking character, there's a whole genre called the First black man who, you know, I get a lot of first black man who, which I'm not interested in. What's the craziest thing you would say? You didn't even know a black man did that. God Emini here. I, I wanna say like, there, there have been one, there have been like windscreen wipers. The guy who invented the paperclip, the guy who like, like it's, it's, it's ridiculous. It gets as ridiculous as that. And people will come to you like full of passion. The other one you wanna really avoid is when someone goes, man, I got this script and it's about my dad and he, he the first person who I got a car wash in Alabama, Emini here and all that kind of stuff.


And I just like, I I, I don dunno how to, to, to tell you that that is not a movie. I, I'm just, I'm just so sorry, but that's not gonna be my next, I got your next project. And I'm like, no, your accent go in and out. It's crazy. Like it's, because it happens a lot of a lot to me. No. So, so yeah, those are the ones to avoid as well. Absolutely. Oh, you mentioned so casually, multiple times Oprah. Oh right. Like, just, just very casually. I, I read another story about when you invited her to the Othello opening night. Oh yeah. And she had to sit on them hard benches and she never let you lay that down. She Just never stopped talking about how Mm.


Child those benches. But she came to COIs, which I just did in London and they had cushion seats. Yes. So, you know, we are beyond the, the, the bad benches now. But Yeah. And, and they were very tough benches to watch. Three hours of Shakespeare. So, so she Fair, fair point. But I'm glad that we've broken the deadlock. She showed up a lot for you though. It, it sounds like just in what I'm hearing you say, like what, what's that relationship been like? 'cause you know, Oprah ain't coming out the house for everybody. She she is not. She's not. Yeah. You know, we met during the Butler together And I remember being stood at a party at Lee Daniel's house that he was renting in New Orleans when we were shooting that, that film.


And I, it was at a time when I just felt, I felt very isolated. I felt very alone. I'd moved here with my family, if I'm totally honest. I felt like there were other actors who saw me as a threat in a way that confused me because I was like, I'm just, you know, I'd come out of theater in the uk it's an environment where it's all about, you know, about the work and working together. And there were people who were like, you know, that coming here to take our jobs thing was a real thing I was feeling. And I just remember still being stood at in a corner at this party. And Oprah came up to me and said, you okay? I said, you know what, you know, I'm really glad to have gotten this movie, but I just, I don Don dunno if you've ever felt this just like, like your own community is, is resisting you.


Which is what I'm feeling. I don Oh, Ruen got that baby course, especially about black men. They be on her. Well, she's the first whatever, whatever you said earlier, the first ever. Yes, I Know. And so, exactly your reaction there is, was her reaction. She was like, baby. And she talked about how Sidney Poitier was the one who took her under his wing and said, no, you're not crazy. This is a real thing. Wow. It's something that is unfortunately part of a ascending in our community. And he mentored her and she literally said to me, I am going to do for you what he did for me. Wow. And she has never abated on that. You know, Selma doesn't happen without her.


My directorial debut doesn't acting happen without her. So much of the advice, so much that of the financial literacy I have came from her because I didn't come from means my parents were not particularly good business people. Even though they had a business. Right. And so, yeah, she has really, really made good on that promise and it's been absolutely life changing for me. Oh, I know them. People definitely hate you now you Oh No, I know. I'm here getting all the roles You can call Oprah and she just pop outside like you ain't getting invited nowhere. I know, I know, I know. I made a rod for my back. Would you, I should have shut up. Would you pause? Would you consider that a moment of divine intervention? Absolutely. So many moments in my life have been divine intervention and when I, when I look at how indisputably my life changed for having met her, but you know, you look at the journey towards even playing Dr. King in Selma, you know, like I said, when I first read that script, script in oh seven, the reason I ever even met Ava DuVernay is because I sat down next to a guy on a plane who was watching a TV show I had done in the UK on his iPad.


He looks to me and says, is this you I'm watching on my iPad? I said, yes. He pauses. It says, oh, okay, you're an actor. Gimme some advice. Someone just asked me to put $50,000 into this film called Middle of Nowhere. It's been directed by this lady, Ava DuVernay. You know, what do you think? I was like, well, send me the script, I'll give you my opinion. I read it, blew my head off and on the script was the title, her name and her number. And I called her, asked her if I could be in her movie. Wow. And that's how I met Ava. Wow. That was in 2011. And, and that's how Ava came to direct Selma. If I'd literally been sat in the row behind that guy, I know that I'm meeting Ava DuVernay.


So, you know, to your point about divine intervention, that has been a, a big part of my life. So This Hampton character is kind of a little bit of typecasting. There you go. Just a little Bit. There you go. I, I love how you wove that back in because that is one of the things I just loved about Hampton Chambers. Paul Hunter approached me six years ago with a short film called Government Cheese based on his youth growing up in the valley in the sixties and seventies. And I'm playing a version of his dad in this, in this show. And Paul has, has his own relationship with God. I have my very clear relationship with God. And when I read that script, I just related so deeply to a complicated relationship with God.


Mine is, I like to think very functional, but it is a back and forth. There are moments where I'm confused. There are moments where I'm like, what are you doing? And that's what my character is doing throughout these 10 episodes is like he's trying to be a better man. He's trying to be guided by God, but he is very, very challenged at seeding control to God. And the tension in the show is you take the wheel. No, I'll take the wheel. No, you take the wheel. No, I'll take the wheel. Which I think is some something that no matter where you are on the religious spectrum, we can all relate to. Absolutely. David, thank you for joining us, brother. Thank you. Government Cheese is on Apple TV right now and it was just a pleasure talking to you man.


Yeah, you too. Yeah, don't be a strange. It's David O yellow again. A yellow Wo Yes. A yellow Wo. Yes. Yes. David Owo. I'm definitely not making that film he was recommending. No, I'm telling you. Dr. Umma Johnson bio kiss Emini here. It depends on where you wanna live in. You wanna go Drew ski style ski or Theater? Wouldn't you wanna see you? What him now he Is unsafe. If you do, do it. Please, Please, please Let us like something. Okay, we got, we gotta see it first. Help her. Okay. Okay. Go look up Dr. Omar and let us know how you feel. Okay. It's the Breakfast. I'm dreading to see what I'm going. It's You Love it man. Okay. Okay. Alright. Just Google. Dr. Omar Johnson, my snow buns Neville.


See what comes you. What just happened? This changed. Why would you do me like that? Oh my gosh. Nobody's wants, oh Lord, I gotta tell you. Okay. It's The Breakfast Club. I'm So glad you're here. Look, wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


American Public University. With service members like you can access high quality, affordable education built for your lifestyle. With online programs that fit around deployments, training, and unpredictable schedules, A PU makes it possible to earn your degree no matter where duty takes you. Their preferred military rate keeps tuition at just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's tuition. And with 24 7 mental health support, plus career coaching and other services, APU is committed to your success during and after your service. Learn more at ap.apus.edu/military. That's apu.aps.edu/military.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The championship is back in the bay for the first time in 40 years. On the new limited podcast series, Dubb Dynasty, we hear from head coach Steve Kerr on how Steph Curry almost never even joined the Warriors. In fact, I thought we had a draft day deal to end up getting him to Phoenix For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.