
This is an iHeartPodcasts. If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and the Stars app Meetings, deadlines, emails.


Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features. Over the Years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no Town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community.


I was calling about the murder of my husband. The murderer is still out there. Each week I'm investigate a new case. If there is a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's former protege television personality, Danity King alum Aubrey oday joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app.


Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Wake that ass up in The morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura La Roses here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. You know her from Real Housewives of Atlanta. Ladies and gentlemen, drew Sador. Welcome. Oh Snap. Good morning y'all. How Feeling? I'm please Drew. How Are you? I feel I'm good. I'm good. I actually have been in New York for a couple days, so the city's been showing me love. I'm not tired. I'm, I'm awake. You are? I'm here with y'all. Yes. How's your energy? How's your energy? My energy is better. You know, I've been going through a lot, but I feel like where y'all have seen me for the past, what, two years?


I'm definitely in a more healed place. Yeah, for sure. When did you get to that place? Honestly, honestly, working on my album was like my therapy. So I think that just being able to get all of those emotions out and just do something productive and, and put it all on paper and leave it there. That was a big part of, you know, my healing journey. How do for People that, For break it down for people that don't know what, what You'all talking about. 'cause a lot of people might not watch The Housewives of Atlanta. Yeah. Okay. So she was on housewives, Atlanta. You recently got a divorce, a separation. Well it's not official yet. A separation. I'm still going through Through The process. The Process. Which is a weird separation. 'cause he lives in the basement. Yes. And you live upstairs. Yes. And you're not allowed downstairs. Yes. And he's been there for, And he's not allowed to come upstairs unless I grant him access.


It's just like, I've never heard of this. Like, I don't know anybody else that I can say, girl, how did you deal with this? You know? Yeah. I've never heard of this. And I did not know that would ever be something the judge would rule on. So it makes it extra complicated. It's already hard enough. Divorce is already tough enough, but, you know, to run into each other in the driveway. That's weird. You know what Emini here, like, it's, it's a lot. It's, you have no idea. Well How did it even come to that point that who said that this is how it should be. Like how, because we, I've never heard of that. Did exactly. Did he say, I want to live And I wanna remain in the house. And like how did that happen? He was basically like, I'm not leaving. Hmm. Like his attorneys were like, yeah, he's not gonna leave the premises. And so have you seen that movie War of what is The World of Roses? War Roses? Yeah.


Thank you. Yeah. Right. It's like that in real life. You know, where it's, it is the asset in the marriage. And so what I've been learning through this process, like, you know, it's love and it's like pure bliss and we built this beautiful family and we're building legacy and then all of a sudden we're going through a divorce and now it's all business know a negotiation of, so the asset being the house, it's a big deal, you know? And I would love to just split everything like at 50 50, keep it simple and we can be done. But he's like, I want everything. I want the house. I want 40% of your business that I've had since 2005. It's my company, you And he's coming for that. And it's, it's just How did y'all get there though? What started this separation? People assumed it was cheating.


People assumed it was so many different things. How did y'all get there? Let's go girl. I like When you get in your bag house. I like when you in your real house bag, daddy. When you be scrambling Anding your real house bag Housewife. Okay. Alright. I'm sorry. Okay, So you know everything. So then you watched it like explain To people. So what, what Happened? Right. So a lot, so we lived in Chicago. I'm from Chicago originally. Born and raised. And we lived there for some time. And it was a lot of women. You know, it was a lot of women. You know, the whole finding things in your phone or how did I got family, like it's family. Everybody knows we live here. People seeing you out, sir, at dinner with women.


So it was a lot of that. So You in his, in his phone. I did at one point, How you gonna noy, excuse me, you at him in why can't you let him and his women be Wow man over there talking about, I need to ask you some questions. And I saying, you know what? At first I thought it was 'cause he just don't watch the show. Then I'm like, oh no, he trying to get her. He be in, Aren't You from South Carolina? Yes ma'am. Born raise Might be cousins. Really? I think so. Oh, he, Oh, he, I think from Ji. Oh yeah. Huge. Ooh. Yeah. Uji right by mom's corner. Oh, he right. You know, he got lot of cousins. You remember cousin Courtney on the show? Oh Yeah. Think he don't, he don't know cousin Courtney's.


Oh, you See, I don So wait, so back up. So that was, that was in Chicago. You found her, but then you moved to Atlanta and you, you forgave Him? Yes, I did. You know, because, let me tell you, so my parents were married for 60 years till my dad passed away. So I grew up in a household, you know, where I saw people choose each other every day, fight, makeup, you know, that was just what I saw. So that's what I wanted for myself. So when I got married, it was like, this is what we go through. We're gonna talk about it, communicate and move forward. So yes, I did forgive him. We moved to Atlanta and he left and went to Tampa for three days. Everyone saw that on national tv. But it was, it was embarrassing. You know what Emini here, like you leave your family and you don't tell us where you went. And it was more so because it was public, you know, and, and, and humiliation and embarrassment.


And I think that was tough. That Was the last straw. That was it for you. Emini here. It was that, and it was just the continuous, you know, continuous behavior of like dealing with other women and then coming on the show. And then there was women saying, oh, they were pregnant. It was a particular woman who reached out and said she was pregnant with this baby. And that was a big, that was a big thing. Yeah. That was probably one of the biggest straws. And then it was the disrespect of my mom, you know, of my family. The disrespect of my son, Jojo, my 14-year-old. So it was just very layered. And finally he moved out of the bedroom. So we separated and we were separated at the time. So it was a huge separation. We were trying to repair things, but ultimately it just wasn't able to be repaired.


And people go too cheated at one time. Well That's, that's what he says. You know, it was almost like, oh, she's hanging out and having fun. Oh, this is my moment. You know? And now it flipped to like a victim mentality when that really wasn't what it was. And it's pride month. So they thought it was a girl. Oh, Well they thought that before this month. Oh yeah. But I I I heard you talk about it on Carlos King. Yeah. And that was my first time actually hearing you explain it the way you did. Yeah. So they, he had alleged that you were dating a woman at the time and that's what you were cheating with. Right. And you said at the time you were going through so much with him that you would've taken attention from a cardboard Box. I said that, please Talk about that. Is It cheating if it's eating? What? What are we eating?


What Is the matter with you girl Lord? Just The comic relief of the Situation that you need Emini here. You know, I wouldn't say there was eating, you know, we, we were hanging out. That's, that's still my, my girl to this day. Like, we're still friends. But I think it was extra sauce placed on it. I will say. Okay. Flirting. Yeah. Like, I'll be honest about that. That little nibble. A little nibbled on some food. We went to dinner. Oh, okay. We was eating at the dinner table. But all of the extra stuff, Emini here, you have to really watch the show and know who Ralph is. He is very much a narcissist. And that's who I married, that's who I chose to love. But at the end of the day, what happened happened.


People have actually witnessed it, the disrespect. So to say, okay, I'm hanging with this woman. And now it's a relationship that just came outta nowhere. There was never any evidence. Where's a receipt? Like, you know, people can say things. Does it make it true? People say things about you, you know, is everything true? Not everything. A lot of everything's not true. 50%. But listen, how do you, how do you balance healing in private when your pain is being monetized on reality tv? Honestly, you know, that time that we did not come right back on the show, I was actually grateful because that was the time I, I took just to self. Like I spent my time alone. You know, I just completely shut down. And I did a lot of praying and like I said, honestly, people may not have understood why I said Dennis was my angel on earth.


But really it was, it, I was very grateful because it was a blessing at that time to have somewhere to go a lot of times. Like I didn't wanna wake up, up and get out the bed. It's like, ugh. You just don't feel productive, overwhelmed. Depression is real. So it was just knowing that I have people supporting me, believing in me and a rooting for me. And I had to show up, you know, for that. And when I got to the studio, it's like, okay, shh. I made it. You know? And then being able to compile all this, this body of work and, and have a productive outlet. Like I said, it was exactly what I needed to get me to the other side where I am now looking Back, because your project is here, the music is here. But looking back on it, you brought up the, the Dennis Angel on Earth comment and that the people had conversations about that for a while.


Ugh. I know. It was Crazy. You look grimy. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, you look shady. When, when it first came out, because it came out that you were working with Porsche's. Porsche's Dennis. Yes. Whatever. Dennis Is out here. Yes. Porsche's. Dennis Emini here. I Used the shock. For me, it's the other shock Girl. Remember we Had the conversation, Portia, about this whole thing. I get it now. This is, And it was assumed did it behind Portia's back without having, without talking to Porsche. Yeah, but that wasn't true. That didn't happen like that. See, there we go. See we gotta talk about it. Gotta clear out. That's not how it happened. So actually, you know, this is during the time Porsche was living her African princess life. You saw it. She was in Dubai, she was in Nigeria.


She wasn't checking for her girls. Yeah. You know, I, I was calling her. So on the record, I called Portia a bunch of times to Tell her that you were gonna work with Dennis. Yes. Like why wouldn't I, Dennis had been reaching out for years. Like, come be an ambassador. Fornia let's, you know, it was like, no, no, no. But because of what I was going through, this is my selfish season. Okay. And the music was good 'cause I was like, Dennis, hot dogs music. Like I was confused like everybody else, right? I was. But when he said my team, the music, it was like, this is really good. Like I need to do this music. That's how it felt for me. So when I was calling her And I was texting her, I have the receipts, I show 'em every reunion. I was like, girl, I need to talk to you.


Like it's really, really important bunch of tech. She wasn't responding to you girl like at all. Crickets. So when she did come back and we did talk, we were in the studio, Dennis would be talking to her and she's like, send me some songs. She like, oh this is my favorite song. This is my favorite song. So I'm like, okay, Portia, he told me he had a conversation. So she's cool. We talked two weeks before we started filming and she was like, yes girl, I know we're going through our divorces. We need to get together. I love the music. I was like, okay. Because you know, I wanted to make sure like we're all family. It's all yes girl. I know. Like it's all good. Let's hang out a week before we film. Oh, sorry I didn't come to your birthday party girl, but let's turn up tonight. You, me and Yandy. Let's go out for, that was the energy. So we go to Mia's birthday party.


That's why I was so flabbergasted. I was, when the Nothing to say came on. You said it was a different story. What's That? I said when the cameras came on, it was a different Story. Exactly. It was like a light switch. It was like, like what? Why didn't Dennis tell her that He did if you didn't? He said she knew. Oh, okay. And she never denied it. But if you notice, when we were asking EIAs party, it was like, I'm mad at you because you're working with Dennis. Then it switched to, well you're filming with Dennis. And then it was like a go naked thing. So I was not clear on why she was upset and what the real beef was. But as you've seen the season, I just see, you know, the fans are smart. Like shout out to the fans because they're seeing like no, you know, we, we kind of catching her up in some lies here. That's not actually how it happened.


And it's seeming more like deflection because you can't talk about a certain person. So she chose to talk about me, you know, because she couldn't, and she had said that she couldn't talk about, you Feel like she did it for the cameras. The you need story, but Emini here, you need to have things going on in your personal life. Like why is everything about what I got going on? I never Understand on this. It's, it's hard to watch sometimes because you don't know if it's real shade, if it's real smoke or if it's just a Storyline. No, everything I do is real. I came on the show in an Achilles rupture boot. Like I came on the show limping. Like that's not how I would wanna come on. I want to come in with my like little batons, you know, and be fabulous and be, And I wanted to show black love and marriage and all the beauty and all that. That's, I didn't wanna show this. So everything that I've shown has just been my real life.


I've not ever produced anything or tried to give storyline. 'cause like I've been working since I was eight years old. I don't need to put on for cameras. That's not me. Some people may like, that's what some people may do. And I feel like in this situation, instead of Portia opening up about like her real feelings without talking about that particular person, she didn't need it to, to deflect it and make me her punching bag. I think that was probably the most hurtful part. 'cause like I'm going through a lot too. Did y'all have a real conversation? 'cause it, it made you look crazy to the public at first when she got on there and says, you supposed to be my friend, but you working with my ex. And I had no idea. Did y'all have a conversation after that? We did. We had a sit down. It didn't go very well. It didn't go well. Well which one are you talking about?


Because Granita No, well the sit down when she walked out when we were drinking tea. Yes, it escalated. Yeah. So it wasn't really like true resolve. But yeah, no, it, it's, it's like Portia is not the person as you have seen that will communicate. You know, she's gonna get up and walk away. She's going to cover with all of this happiness. Like she got it and that's not real. And I just, I think everyone was anticipating her to come back this season and was excited. But ultimately she couldn't deliver on the story that we thought we were getting. You know, we thought we were getting Miss Gia and she couldn't bring that. Oh, So you don't think Portia's been delivering this season is what you're saying? Emini here. That's just what I feel, you know, that's my personal opinion is that this wasn't a real beef. So then what are we talking about? Like let's talk about something real.


You get, you know, two women together who are strong, who are bosses in their own right. Have a conversation. We're not gonna agree on everything, but we don't need to make this the whole thing we're talking about for the whole season. Me and Dennis. Yeah. The whole season. Aren't tired about that. That's why I hate reality. I Hearing about that. That's why I don't lie. I hate reality tv 'cause they will monetize your trauma for pain. Like what you might be going through with your divorce or what Porsche might be going through. It is just like, damn. And then if they can't get that, they just wanna pitch y'all against each other. I don't like It. What's the point of doing it? That's how I feel like we're both going through a divorce. We could be talking about that. You know what Emini here and really come, everything doesn't have to be like a moment. And I think, you know, you see some girls that come on the show and it's just like, I need a moment. Let me Just say something to go viral or whatever.


And it's like, no, just be yourself. And I think that's also how I've been able to be on now for four Seasons. And that's just what I've learned because it's been a lot of cash shakeups. Like, I don't even know how I'm still here because there's been people that are, that were here, been here for a long time and are no longer here. But what I've learned from the OGs that have poured into me is just be yourself. You know? And the story will tell itself. So, So you I just want another question. So, you know, with her go naked hairline, I literally was about to ask, so that's not go naked hair This right now? Yes. No, this looks good. The hair was wearing in the sit down where you saw the bangs. That that that's, I wore it in real time because when you put it through a one two edit, how I made it look, it looked great.


But in person y'all saw it regular. That's how that was Go naked there. So are you An ambassador big for go Naked Big? No. No, no. You're not an no. I have a great vendor. She's melted. We're good Her. So you don't like go naked Head is what you're saying? Emini here. It just didn't work for me, per se. When you go to bleach Blondie, it just, it did something that wasn't right. Would You have said that prior to all this dentist stuff? Because I thought you were so it was, it was like a good partnership. It was. And in the beginning of the season, you said you thought you were doing numbers for go naked. I did do numbers, I did do numbers. That's why did the product change? Well I just believe like as black women, we support each other. Right? If you're my girl, I'm gonna support you. We have a great working relationship. It was fun, you know, it was fun to work with her at that time.


And if that's your friend, you're gonna hold your friend down. But it was just, when all of this started to happen, it just became corny to me, you know? So I'm like, okay, well now since we're gonna, you're gonna drag me. Well I'm gonna speak my truth then, because the truth is like, I had your back, but if you don't have my back now it's fair game. Let You think the show No, you were saying, all right, let me be honest about this hair. It's, Yeah, be honest. Now we, okay. I would rather go naked than to wear that hair again. You, You think the show would still be interesting if, if you and pian weren't beefing or is like tension just part of the paycheck. Now Emini here, I, I came on the show, let me make it clear. 'cause I've been an actress since I was literally like in grade school, right? So I made a decision 'cause I was like, you know what, people know me from this role.


They may not like me from this role or that role or that movie or whatever. I felt going through CID it was just an opportunity to be more vulnerable and let the fans really get to know me and see me as a mother and a wife and a friend and a sister. Like I'm so many other things. And I wanted to show that. And so that was the reason for me joining the show. It wasn't to do anything but, but just hopefully inspire other people going through what I'm dealing with and connecting that way. So it wasn't to show what is happening. Like that was opposite of what I wanted to represent on this platform. So I've never subscribed to let's do this for a moment. You know, let's do this for Storyline. I actually feel like when we used to watch Housewives and when it was nostalgic was because it was a group of women who were really friends and when you saw them fall out, it was because I'm fighting you.


'cause I love you And I know you can be better. You can do so much more. Yeah. So that was where the beefs came, and then they were able to resolve and move forward. And I feel like here sometimes they just wanna like kill you off, you know? Yeah. They wanna just like go below the bell. It's like, dang. Yeah. Like, do you like me or not? Like, what are we building or not? And so that's what I would like to see the show get back to. And I think this season overall it was refreshing. It wasn't dark, you know, as some of the fans have said, like they felt like the show was going dark. So I think we're moving towards a, a more positive place, you know? I agree with that. But so, so like, if you do an interview like now, you know, you wear a little shady to the go naked hairline a little, a lot shady, right? So, but Emini here, it's your choice if you wanna, but doesn't that kind of put fuel on the fire? Well, Emini here, when you have to wake up and see people dragging you constantly, And I'm the type of person that'll just be like, okay, all right.


You know? And after so long, I think now it's like I gotta start standing for me because for so long I have protected my husband, I have protected my friends, you know, people don't really hear from Drew too much. I, I do my job And I go to work. You know, I'm the girl that just, that just works. I, I have three children. I'm going through a divorce and whether, whether I'm on housewives or a movie or whatever, I'm just working. But now it's just gotten disrespectful. Drew's like, okay, you know, you wanna throw your shade? Okay, well I'm gonna speak my truth. Talking about, and if it's shady, the truth hurts sometimes. Emini here. So you're talking about where, what, what Portia said you was having sex with somebody or sleeping with somebody. Yeah. She Said so many things. Just like what do you Producer to take it out? What's the guy's name?


The past present Black. Oh, well we were talking about her. Oh, she was dating the past present. But we they believed it. But past, present and you feeling. Yeah. Got you. Got you. You got you got you. But so you don't see a resolve for you and this girl at all. You want Portia, you don't see at all say that because you said you wanna see the show. Get back to, you know what that was what it used to be. Women were able to have their arguments. Yeah, go through it, talk it out. And then they're cool. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. You don't ever see you and Portia like, you know what, let's just put all this shit behind us because it it did get crazy. It did. Yeah. But


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. I have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer Is still out there Every week on hell and gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions no one else is asking. Police Really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother. She was still somebody's daughter. She was still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the He and Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My Truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti-tank mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was kidnapped by a ker tilt. I just remember everything getting dark. I'm dying. We would step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. In Return, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm Not a victim, I'm a Survivor. You're Strongest when you're the most vulnerable To remind us what it means to be alive. Not just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm Off Alive. Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit, and what it means to truly live. Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, it's Chase Shetty and I'm thrilled to announce my first ever on purpose live tour presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. That's right, I'm coming live to a city near you. Come and see me. Join me in surprise guest for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. I'll also guide you through live meditations. Share groundbreaking insights and create powerful moments of inspiration designed to deepen connections, spark growth and foster learning. Chase Sapphire Reserve is the gateway to the most captivating travel destinations and offers exclusive rewards and experiences. So you can explore The World your way. Discover more with Chase Sapphire Reserve.


Alright, We're women. We both bosses. We like. You don't see that I, I think in certain cases it's hard to come back from certain things and just putting out falsities that's like damaging to my character to me as a person. You know, I have kids so I just feel like the line has been crossed one too many times. However, I feel like, you know, if there's an opportunity to have a real conversation and it may not happen on camera, I don't know. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah, Emini here off camera. You know, I'm really big on like resolution. I'm really big on gaining, understanding and like moving forward. So if it is an opportunity that presents itself, I would be open to that.


But it hasn't happened. It's, it's a year now. You know how, how do You deal with the mental because you know they attack you a lot, right? They attack, They, they come for you. They the Michael Jordan, Michael Jordan thing with him being your cousin. Is he your cousin or not? That Was, that was clearly a joke. I'm like, my maiden name is Drew Jordan, but I'm from Chicago and everybody in Chicago wanted to be related to Michael Jordan. So we actually had the last name Jordan. So we was like, oh yeah, that's right. So you said that growing Up, I ain't mad. Yeah. Like the whole time. Like my brother-in-law's Craig Hodges in real life. So going to the games, it's like, that's a legend where my cousin at. Right, exactly. Very big legend Because it's that I feel like they come for you outfits. They be trying to come for, they come for everything. They're killing your Fashion's what I'm saying.


So I'm just supposed to take it like, it's only so much a person can take where it's like, hold on, let, I'm from Chicago at the end of the day now when I start firing it's like, oh my god, drew, oh she threw some shade. Oh they're so me. And it's like, no, this is who I am and this is what happens when you poke the bear over and over and over again. But no, like my mom is on a Facebook group, the Michael Jordan family tree and it's thousands of people in that chat. She went on there for, since our little girl trying to connect the dots. Like I found a cousin that I think that the niece is related to my friend and we found a way my mama would wanna be related. We all want to. So it was clearly a joke. The joke Created so many deep dives of they trying to figure out your family tree And I can't, nothing. Right. Oh man. I wanna ask some questions about you. Drew, you been, you have, you know, you've been in this game since you were a kid.


Yeah. How do you think Hollywood's perception of you has changed and how has your own perception of yourself changed? Oh Good. Well You know, I feel like on the side of like the theatrical, you know, TV and film, I'm proud of what I've been able to accomplish. You know, in my career. Sometimes I don't reflect enough and be like, wow, you know, I've been able to work with some amazing actors and, and some amazing projects and tell some amazing stories. But the game, it's like that's one project that I just feel like the public perceives me in that way And I can't shake it. And it's like, what decade is it? Been A decade? Yeah. Emini here.


I still see the comments to this day, which is saying, okay, this was obviously something really big and a part of the culture, but I did see a hashtag where it was like hashtag cancel the juad door hate. And I just wanna say, can we do that please? At the end of the day it's just gone on too long. Durwin lied to Dror. Like do we not all watch the same show? You feel like the hate carried from there? Oh most definitely. Like I see the comments, I'm like, wow. And I've met people that's like, Ooh, I'm mad at you 'cause you broke up med school. And I'm like, you know, Tia was married. Right? That's The World, you know, pooch like as a whole family. But people were very invested in the show And I just think that's a perception people have of me. You know, despite all the various roles I've played, which is why I did join the show to try to try to change that narrative.


And I think for myself, yes, my perception of self is I have so many things I wanna do. I wanna do Broadway, I wanna direct, I produce my first film and continue to open the door for other young talent coming up. And so that's where I'm moving into of my contribution stage in life and wanting to really see others win as well in this business. I think the thing with the game was right, everybody else had fictional names, but you really went on there as Drew Sador. Like, you, you, why was that? Shout out to Mar Rockel. Shout out to the, we just had her, she was just, oh My god, I missed, Oh, yesterday. But we played It back forth. Oh nice. I I love that woman. You know, actually, so the story behind that is I booked girlfriends, I did an episode of Girlfriends and when I went on set she remembered meeting me coming to my home.


'cause my sister Allison has been my manager since I was like eight years old. Yeah. And so she came to the house to meet my sister. My sister was a writer on Eight Man Rock Martin worked from Morris Agency. Yeah. Like, like og Right. And so she came to my sister's house to see if she would share her Rolodex. 'cause she was moving to Los Angeles to become a producer. And she's like, drew, when you were eight you were running around the house talking about I'm gonna be an actress and a singer. And she's like, and you really like stuck with it. And so for that reason, let's talk about some bigger things. Wow. So she wrote me in the show, the game. Damn. So that's how it came to be. And it was really like an honor. 'cause I'm like, you gotta be like a-list right. To play yourself. So to have that opportunity, I was like, wow. And to showcase my music.


I think that was one of the first times that people took notice to me as a actual musical artist. So Lou Tamara, lemme ask a, do you ever feel like people will underestimate your range because they know you more from Real Housewives now in like your acting career? Yeah. Honestly. Or your music career. You Didn't take it seriously even on the show. That was the, that was the narrative on the show when you first came on the show. Yeah. They were, they were really playing with your I-I-M-D-B Expound On that man. Yeah. Emini here. I think that you get placed in a box, just even just let's say African Americans in the arts as a whole, we get placed in boxes really easily stereotyped. That exists. And for me joining the show, wanting to show my real life now, it kind of took away from my actual skill, my passion, which is, you know, music and acting.


So, wow. For me it was important to balance it. Which is why, you know, on off season I go to LA and really, you know, you have to get in people's faces and remind 'em like, here I am continuing in my acting classes just to keep showing myself a proof. 'cause it's always changing. It's extremely competitive And I think the industry has changed a lot where it used to be, and not in all cases, but it is, it is this now. And it exists. They look at numbers too. So you might be, I've had producers, directors say, you were the better actress, but this person had more followers, you know, than you. And so it's a balance now of talent as well as marketing yourself and being more appealing to buyers. Well you got, I did it to me, your, your music is out And I, I watched you said that your music was like your healing when you were going through the divorce 'cause you were in such a dark place.


Yeah. What song on your album was like when you hear it now it you get tearful, it takes you there, it's your favorite. It's two definitely. I did it to me and Love for a Minute with Sierra. Shout out to Sierra Gates. She came and Gate laid like a eight, eight bar. Little situation was in Feels very, oh, Sierra. Yeah. Sierra Gates. I thought you Was talking about Russell Wilson, Sierra. Oh, you talking about Sierra Gates? Oh girl. Oh, speak it. Lemme find out. Sierra was rapping. She was rapping. That's a lot of people don't know she came in, but it's a very emotional record. And that was the record that actually Dennis And I were in the studio and it was like really emotional. He was over there crying about Porsche And I was in there having my moment.


But it is, it's an emotional record. But I, I did it to me as very representative of the project. 'cause it's about taking accountability. Mm. And that's why I love that record because I could sit here and share, you know, with you guys all the things that my ex did right. That weren't right. But it gets tiring after a while to keep blaming everything on the other person. So for me it's like, no, I played a part, you know, there were things I could have done better if I'm being honest. And so that's what the song is, is saying like, look in the mirror it is not easy to do, you know, but you gotta sometimes look at yourself and say, okay, yeah, I made a mistake here, there And I could have been better and then grow from that. Do You, do you let him know that? I have actually I have, we have had conversations, you know, before we go to court.


'cause when you go to court that's when everything blows back up. But we've had conversations where we have stated, you know, we understand our differences now. And I can say, well I could have done this better. And he has said it, you know, and apologize in some areas and yeah like we're humans and just being more gentle with ourselves and just forgiving each other doesn't erase everything and every pain that we cause. But yeah, we can be honest and say, you know, I wasn't perfect. I can say that. Now you've been in the business for, since a child, right? Yeah. What's the most cutthroat part? Is it Hollywood? Is it reality TV or the music? Oh That's a hard one. Oh man. Emini here I've been able to have a consistent career. Like with acting.


Even though joining the reality show to what you were saying, Charlamagne, like I've been able to now create a space where I did like five movies, you know, last year. And I'm very proud of that. So I feel like the acting world has allowed me back in, you know, so reality or music, I feel like music. 'cause I'm still trying to knock down this wall. You look out The box because they, they look at you as reality TV star and it's, it's taking your talent 'cause you can sing. So it, it's you taking that talent away. You Yeah, it, it does. And it's a constant proving, which is fine. Like I never get to a point where I feel like entitled or like I should have certain things I feel like is important to keep working on your craft and, and just do the work. Put your head down and do the work so that way when the opportunity comes, you know, I'm prepared.


And that's just really what I've been doing. So even though having knocked down that door, I feel like having a project out is monumental for me. It doing as well as it's doing almost gold and streams, which is unbelievable to me without like a lot, a lot of marketing. It's just really grassroots word of mouth. And now getting out there and performing is next for me. So I'm just still on that journey of like really making it happen for myself in music. So Question, was there ever a moment where you felt like reality TV saved you and was there ever a time where you felt like it broke you? Hmm. Yeah. I would definitely say because people try to say, okay, reality TV breaks up a lot of marriages and things like that.


I can't say I blame my fallout of my marriage on it. I feel like what it did do was escalated and put a magnifying glass. And it also held us accountable because you know, you can fight with your spouse and be like, okay, you know what? I'm not even gonna say nothing. We're just gonna roll past this or we're gonna put a bandaid or we're gonna talk about it in private or not talk about it at all. But when you do it on cameras now you gotta talk about it and you have to go into counseling and it, they really hold you accountable. So I think for us it made us more responsible and understanding like this probably isn't meant to be. So I think it saved me from dedicating my life to 20 years in this marriage and then it being over. We both have said that we believe that it wouldn't have lasted. Really?


Yeah. So I think in that regard, it did save me, you know, to be able to get to this place. And I'm my person 'cause I think my person is still out there. You know, I'm not jaded or bitter. And then did it break me? Oh yeah, because I Emini here. This was my biggest storm. Like depression is real. Mental health is real. Like you never know. You're breaking points. And I can honestly say like I reached that. I completely lost myself. I lost my voice in this marriage. And having it play out on national tv, it was overwhelming. Mm. It was overwhelming because you're living it a few times. You're filming it and then you're watching it.


That's like Reliving that trauma You relive. Can you imagine that? We relive it in our head And an embarrassment. 'cause usually if there's a problem in your marriage, it's at home. But now you are, the whole world has an opinion. The whole world is even a comment. And they don't know what's true or what's not. But they just have an opinion. And every time I watch your interviews, you're breaking down in interviews every single time. And I'm wondering like why put more stuff out there? Like Michael B. Jordan, have you spoke to him since the Carlos King interview? Oh my God. Question Was Michael Jordan. That was a big, I'm like, whoa. Michael B. Jordan. So in Carlos King's interview, Carlos King asked her, who's one of the most like famous people she's dated. And she mentioned that she used to date Michael B. Jordan back in the day. And that was everywhere. I'm like, whoa. She just be volunteering the info.


Well I get asked the question. I am, did you hit I'm no. Whoa. No, no, no, no, no. Not even a little bit. You know, I'm an open book And I just try to always remain that way. 'cause I think it's important to talk about your life and open up. I make that choice. I made that choice when I joined reality TV because I feel like it's important for people to see you as a human being, you know? And I feel like other people can see you as a real person and know okay, you know, everything's not perfect in my world. I may overspeak or say too much or shade or whatever, but this is who I am and I'm unapologetically me. But yeah, I was asked the question, so I answered it and he asked me on a date to attend the NAACP awards. It was probably like 2000, maybe six when he was like still on the soap operas.


Okay. And I met his mom and stuff. It was cool. We went out a couple days. No, there was no like intimacy on the record, but still he was very, very sweet guy. Very, very sweet. And he's been super successful. But yeah, that's my truth. And it happened. It's yours To tell. It happened. You know This. This is my last question. With all the healing that you've gotten right and what you know now, if you could go back and whisper something to yourself during the hardest moment of your marriage, what would you say? The hardest part of my marriage, I think it was, it was a couple of things, but for sure Ralph moving out of the bedroom, you know that it felt like abandonment.


You know what Emini here, it's different to like go sleep separately and just, but him making the decision to move out when instead of fighting because people don't stay married forever without waking up every day and choosing each other. So when the person wakes up and doesn't choose you. Mm. Yeah. Mm. All right. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. Let's Keep growing. Drew, let's get into your single, we're gonna play your single right now. What you wanna hear? Ooh. Ooh. What should we do? I know, right? I was like, let's wake it up. Let's wake it up. It's early. You know, after you go through all the heartache and pain, you know, you gotta get outside and so Good girl, bad Bitch is my next single Good girl. Bad bitch.


Yes. It's the outside record. I was like, can we curse me? It's the outside record. It is. It's my outside record. And that's what the album is. You know, you may cry and fall in love or outta love when you listening to my album. And this particular song is one that's empowering and getting outside with your girls and just living, you know? Alright, Well let's get to it. It is Juices. Dora. Yes, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned No Town is too Small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is still out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there's a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Amy Robock and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's former protege television personality, Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there.


Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute Season one taser Incorporated. I get right back there and It's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.