
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And. I. Want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, A connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love Shop Pandora jewelry today.


We made it a long summer without basketball, but now the NBA is back. Get in on all the basketball action with my partners at DraftKings. And right now, all new customers who bet $5 will instantly get $200 in bonus bets. So download the DraftKings Sports book app and sign up using my promo code TBC. The crown is yours. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings Daily Fantasy and have a shot of winning cash prize. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. New customers use my promo code TBC and bet just $5 on any wager and get up to $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC only at DraftKings Sports book.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is still on maternity leave. Lauren Lar is filling in. Hey. And we got a special guest in the building. The legend. Hey 50 cent ladies and gentlemen. I'm here. I'm here baby. I'm here. Frightening early. Well, first And foremost, Jess said she wants that bottle signed. Yeah, I'm make sure I'm sign Mark over There too. First and foremost, she said make sure FIV signs the bot. What I told fiv just want a roll in something. She didn't want that too. She asked for that too. You know what to slow her down. This. She would've already been in in power if, if she was Oh 'cause I have been. Why you shooting New York? Don't Tell her that She won't come back. Don't Tell you in New York why she can't do Both.


No, I just wouldn't. What happened was, like we had talked about doing something, there was a role, actually me and Mary had a project that was like the, it was like the Brady Bunch. It's like a new urban version of it. And it, it had, I watched just with her son, And I saw that And I was like, yo, if she should play that, like we should put her in in this thing. And then we had, it was in development for a while. A lot of projects don't actually make it to television a lot. That one specifically, it fell apart. I had a a husband and wife writer team that we just couldn't get it over the wall with the, with the scripts. So that one, You know we just went back to the drawing board. But I had some things that I was looking to adjust for already.


'cause I was like, I watch people online, And, I see, like they working and, and there's no real, they're receiving like they're trying to monetize the material that they're putting out. But it's not a big payday. Like as big as it could be when they on, on the shows like network TV or streaming platforms. So I look and see who's, who's really working. 'cause some of 'em stand out. They just, it just, it just works out the gate. Like she was one of them. Like Look at this 9 49. I ain't even see this till just now. Good morning. Tell 50 cent I love him and I'm still waiting for him to put me in. See? Nah, this is real. This is real. She's serious. Last night. Now we got a lot of people coming this week, right? One of them, Kamala Harris is checking in all these people on the list.


The first thing she says, man, 50 gonna be there tomorrow. Yo, tell him I said, what's up And I. Wish I could have seen him have him record a video saying something to me or something. I don't give a fuck, man. I'm mad as a bitch, I'm not gonna be there. So she need her job. She need her drop. She went this sign, you Got something to new. I gotta do some stuff for her before I leave. I think you get a lot of that. 'cause you, you, you so accessible still. Yeah, I, I talked to her like I saw, I saw her working And I. I, I started DMing her and was talking to her about it already, like long before because I was like, yo, nah, this is, it would fit perfect here. Just trying to place it in a big part instead of a a like a, a cameo or something. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Was what, what held it out. Well You still got time. Yeah. We still got a lot of shows. One of the things I always wanted to ask you man, why was Shreveport the destination spot for your Studio?


It was 'cause they already had the infrastructure. Like they had already had the tax incentive, everything there to have a business be functional. Like if you think about like New York, la the, the studios out here, they're paying 58% the taxes now. So if you was on the 39%, you already going out of business. If you don't scale back, you are already going outta business. So a lot of them that didn't make adjustments in California, I'm buying equipment from their companies after they filed bankruptcy For, for cheap prices. Wow. Hey, pennies on the dollar Now. Now, Now break down Shreveport. 'cause a lot of people have never been to Shreveport. Yeah, but You know people say it's a a very violent place. You know what, look, But that weekend, that's, That's a part of a reputation that we don't know.


'cause when we did, like the time that I, that I did go, that we had zero violence You know what I mean? For four days straight And, I. I didn't, I don't know nobody that said that they didn't have a good time. And for me, look, I look, when I get into these pockets, of course I'm a You know. I tap in, I'm gonna get into the neighborhoods and make them understand what it means to the town, to the city itself. If it goes the right way. And then you don't have no violence. Now a lot of times if people go there and they don't know what, where you from or what you doing or how in every neighborhood, it's, it's a little bit of, it's a element there. Something going on there. And then when for it to be nothing, they almost looked at it like I, I had to go to Louisiana to, to meet with the governor Jeff, to, to talk about the taxes system because it was talking about changing it and kind of carve out what I would need to be comfortable staying in that place.


Because there, there's, look at that point, Shawn, man, I didn't have time. I I I spent, we had 90 days bro. Like even the look at the car show scenario, like it was like, let's do it. We hit the roadblock. I go, no, let's just do it anyway. Like let's just do it You. know what I mean? Because it it, I wanted to make sure we had something for everybody. How Much did you spend that, that weekend? Because About 5 million Outta your own money. Yeah. Because there was no, you didn't have no, no no. Huge sponsor system. Nothing like that. All out your pocket. You built a club. People don't understand what you did. And it's hard to describe it. Like you built your own club, you built your own car show, fit gym, you brought your own restaurants. Like you built a city in Shreveport for that weekend.


But just to show them what would happen because then you get 35,000 people to come to the town. The tax, the hotel taxes where people staying not only on the Shreveport side but the bogie side. They, they raised the, the hotel prices. When they see so many, the, the demand for it, the, the, the flights went from $239 to $1,200. Coach. Yes. You know what I mean? And you're going, man, why y'all just can't leave it $200? Leave it there because we need everybody to come. You know. But it it, it almost was, it builds excitement when you, when you do it the first time and it's successful like that they, they showed out like the people of Shreveport not having any altercations or not doing anything.


I think it also attributes to the morale of law enforcement because when they being paid, like I was paying them damn the $65 an hour. So I had to put spend additional or 600,000. But they were in a good space. So they're not looking to arrest you. They're looking to con keep everything cool. And I think that temper, when when they, when you for law enforcement, when they come out there like that, everybody chills out 'cause it's like they're not even tripping while we tripping or, or I don't, you don't wanna prove nothing when everything's going smooth. So everybody got taken care of except for Hurricane Chris. I was literally about to say all of that.


And Hurricane Chris still has something to say. I know you posted the clip of The money, but You know people. They, they need to try and sell a record. Man. That's a part of our coach also. Right. And and that publicity tried to build some sort of noise to drop a record and it didn't work. 'cause it's just like when the whole event and everything is positive and, and you come with, I'm gonna kill somebody energy. And they go for what exactly for for building the economy and the city that needs it. When you got that many people there that understand the smarter people that's there look and go, this fool just want clicks on the thing, like on the, on the machine. 'cause you, you can't, there's nothing negative about it.


You can't find a negative point in that specifically. Even I took away from hip hop and made it human harmony made it the comedians, the committee side the things, let's laugh, let's love music, bro. You know what I'm saying? Instead of it being 'cause that energy, if we bring that and then something happens, they go, oh, it was this that did it. You know. And, and people assumed that we couldn't have a good time there. But we You know obviously we did. And you had Louisiana artists there. Yeah. Yeah. And p was there P Fredo bang Fredo. Look, Fredo gets play in my ride. Like that kid. I don't, I don't play. It may like, that was a thousand years ago. I like, I was like, that was not, that's not in my playlist.


Like You know, like these, these kids like Fredo look, he was like, yo, I don't even know. He, I know the word for word the songs because I'm listening to the music You know what I'm saying? And it, and it's, it is, I had a good time. Even the some of the, the other artists, real local artists, they got a chance to rock You. know what I mean? It just, he just was upset 'cause he wasn't a part of that. I guess now when you look at some of these younger artists and you see how they idolize you and idolize your music and then you see them get caught up. Yeah. Do you have conversations with them? Like, I remember Casanova and you was trying to talk to Casanova with Troy Ave and now Little Dirk, do you have conversations with him and be like, I've seen this play before. Yeah. And, I. Even with Dirk, I was telling him like I, when I, I had him, he was in New York.


We, we did the power thing. Power. That's first and last acting role at this point. Yeah, right Now. But, but we did the, the not that the acting world when we was doing the theme song for force Got you. Or the Chicago version. Yep. Then like I was like, yo, this is, this is them. Right. They into real shit. Right. He was like, yeah, yeah. And I said yo, just watch him the his crew. 'cause he said that You know what I'm saying? And it's like, I like, I've always had that energy myself in the middle of everything that was going on. I'm not just watching. We know f The other side. I'm always watching like, wait a minute, where was you at Thursday at three?


If you got pulled over and you not in jail, why are you not in jail, Dan? Did you ever have that though? I'm sure you did, right? Nah. Hell yeah. I've had, I've had guys, look, I had a drive up. He got, he was supposed to go from Vegas to meet me in, in Miami. And he got, he went in the, the airport with a ham on him. So I'm like, the lawyer called me like two o'clock in the morning says you got arrested. This, that And I go, oh, I said, he said it all right to send a lawyer for him. I said, he ain't gonna need a lawyer, you gonna need bond. The, the lawyer after that when you got p priors. Right. And then he called back and he says, no, no, he said this, that he made the flight With a gun in the airplane.


He made a flight. Wow. Shit already got fired. Felonies. He made the flight. By the time we get there in the car, I sat in the car man, I'm like the, I Ain't see a motherfucker Gun all the way to the hotel. Let me get there. I'm waiting on the niggas And tell me how the fuck you got on that plane. Then he go, yo, this, this, this. But he's so weirded out like it's so his energy, he didn't even know how to hey like what's up? Like as soon as get get into the car, he didn't know how to do it. And don't let him drive you. Man. You know he got so funny buttons going on You. know what I saying?


You can't get picked up after you have rioters and then they just let you go. Even with permits. It wouldn't, if you would not make the flight, there's no way he got, he could end up on the flight. I mean he already got a handler for him to make the flight. He had already have somebody he can call just already. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Been able to get him out. Yeah. When you said that the Dirk would, What was his response to you? He said You know what he said, somebody just came in my house. How do You know exactly what the address is? I don't get my address to nobody like this. It's not 'cause something had happened in The robbery in Georgia. Yeah. When his, when India Had to shoot, he went straight to talking about that. Damn. Damn. What do you think it is about many men that resonates so much with this generation?


I think that they know that they opposition. Mm They know who the other side is when they, so they, they know. And on this cruise it's a bunch of them over there. They all rock with each other. So if you a recognizable person on the other side, then they already, they top op vibe start feeling like I'm, they all want me or, or they know that I'm a valuable piece over here. So if they hit me, then it'll create confusion over here. So they, they, it resonates even in the drill culture at the same time. But you was able to to to see it early. Right? 'cause you, you've always made early ies. I am not gang gang. I do not gang bang.


I do not like Rico. I Don gang. I do not like conspiracy. Keep both of those brothers away From me. I don't like neither one of those did. And this, these laws were designed to bring down the mafia bro. Italian ma You know. Look, when they say they reserve, they reserve the ability to, to offer like when you think cri crime in general, right? When when, when I say the word organized, it means intelligence. That's why when I say organized crime, you only think of white Italian Americans. You don't think of triads, you don't think of Russians, you don't think of any other ethnicity. Right. Serbians, none of that. And we put all of that in power because there's different versions of it, of it that's there.


And we wanted to have it feel like the city feels like it's 13 million people. It's a melting pot of people here. Culturally you want it to be as diverse as possible. So, but when you do think about it, when they do say organize, it's saying smart criminal. If they have to point to a criminal and say smart, it's gonna be a white Italian American, we are still in America. You see what I'm saying? They're not gonna call anybody else smart. They'll call you kingpin. They'll call you a gang leader and they'll say massive amounts of money or mess that, that were brought in at those point. But they're not gonna call you smart. But did you see it's, they even did that with mech. When you think about it, it was kingpin. Yeah. Yeah. You right. Yeah. You not gonna say, yeah, organized crime. What Did you see early enough that was like, nah, this Ain't nothing.


I just never seen anyone successful in a gang ever. Mm. In the history of gangs. I haven't seen success. So I join a sorority that's the gang that is like With people who actually make it You know what I mean? Like join those kind of gangs. Right. I'll fall, do some shit. That Kind of gang. I'm with it. I, I join if they let me, Those gangs because They go into success and they stay connected to each other and they feel that brotherly energy or they will do whatever for you because like, that's my brother already You know what I mean? Like, but, but that I had never seen anyone have success in gangs. And, I. Look, And, I go. It's so easy. You don't even have to be involved.


All you gotta do is be aware. But you did say G unit. I started my own gang back in the day. Yeah, yeah. Because that energy was there. Yeah. Like it, I had to look the youth, the younger Char mean younger dudes do not wanna follow the older guy's path. They don't, they you recognize what you did then. Yeah, but every money ain't black History month. That's February. My brother You know you did that. That was a long time ago. And they out active now, so they don't wanna follow in. They know that step. And when I start doing that, it brought the ability to do different things that around it. The older dudes already had that where they could send the hit or do different things or, and that You know brought that to me.


Now you mentioned, you mentioned Meech. Have you spoke to Meech at all? I had a text message conversation back and forth with him. 'cause he, he's in the halfway house there. So what do you think his next move should be? Well, he got a lot of things he can do man. He might wanna make a movie. He might wanna do some different things where You know. 'cause a lot of, I understand how important real is to our culture, right? But when you developing television, it's to find the best possible story you can find and then make up some things. You gotta make up things because your life would intersect with Charlemagne's life. So I immediately get the lawsuit when we get over there. This would you understand what I'm saying? So I gotta change things around a little bit.


And then that's the, the series when when you see we see high notes, we see load notes and at points it's when they do something that's like when we have a TV moment, when it feels like completely real. And this is why it was important for me to get Lil Meech ready so he can go there. 'cause when you watch it and it's good and then you go, You know that's his son. Right? Like, and as a fun fact to the person that's watching with you, you feel like this, it's gotta be true because the sun is there and this is, and and that's a rarity. You probably won't ever see that again. You, you seem like the type of person too that don't like to stay in one place too long. So that's why I was shocked when I saw a residency announcement. Yeah, because I feel like you don't, you, you a hustler, like you like to be move around.


You don't like to be stationed there. Oh Congratulations. The 27th December 27th. Long time the 28th, the 30th, the 31st, January 3rd, fourth and January 4th at Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino 15 million. Yeah, but just look at this. I'm able to do things production wise because we don't gotta take it apart and put it back together, take it apart and put it back together. So I can build a set where I can do some tricks and different things that I could make this show more entertaining. And I wanna do that and then change the set around. 'cause I, I kept, look, it's easy stuff that you could, I could play. So it's gonna get response immediately. Right. And then it's things that are hits that, or records that I could have played in place of those songs that I are equally as good.


I just think that, that they, I, 'cause I made the choice, I played the other ones more often than the others. So What made you wanna do the residency in, in Vegas? 'cause I mean you just left the final Lap tour and be, before you tell me that, were you surprised at the success of the final Lap tour? Because you haven't done a tour in a long time and Yeah, every City Sold Out Country sold out. Were you surprised by that? Yeah, It was unique because that, that tour, I didn't release a album before and every other tour I went on, I put out a new record and it, it changed the show because I had to play some of those songs from the new record and then get to the hits that I already had going so that like this time it was like they said we on strike as far as television is concerned. So I said, okay, I'm on tour.


It's having the ability to do things that the other guys that are producing stuff don't have You. know what I mean? And like for like, when I communicate with Tyler, I tell him it's it's, it's the FUBU format. It's forced by us You know and, and I'm able to create things without necessarily trying to service the Bible belt at the same time. Tyler's original audience is that, so he, he keeps consistent themes going through his projects. And if you had as much success as as he's had, why would you adjust it? You know, like mine's, I use family drama and format. So if it's two brothers like Meech and Terry, their experience is, is one way, I'll give you another example.


The Flores twins complete different, but the Mexican American version of Narcos, the English speaking version of Narcos, because they had that one get a chance to offer them that And I. Do you feel like in Vegas is certain songs you can't do that you would do anywhere else? Because like the Vegas crowd is so like mainstream and people just coming through and all these different people, like you gotta reserve a certain list 'cause you, you got some stuff for the streets too that everybody loves. But Vegas is Vegas. Yeah. I think there's some stuff that I can, I can do anything I want because the, what's the name? Look, I use, I give myself a overall format for sure. And the theme is the dream.


A dream. So the sequences don't necessarily have to all make sense, but they have to tie together to make an experience. You know. And that's what the way I, I kind of built the show out before I got everybody else involved. My creative around it You know. But I, I want to take, take it up And I, you'll see the, the set. Everything is kind of, it's gonna be crazy. You, You coming back down upside down again or you done with that? Oh no, I'm not let the upside down shit is over. I don't even know why I did that the first time. I didn't realize we were gonna have to rehearse for seven days. Right. Because I'm like, dude, listen, look seven days. I'm like, what the, I'm like, wait, I know the words. Yes, okay, I know the words. It's, it's not a new song.


Why am I rehearsing, why are we rehearsing seven days straight? And it's really about getting everything onto the field and everything off the field fast enough and have everybody prepared to oh let's go, let's go. And then getting them into that. But there's, it's, it's an experience man. I think when he was talking about whether Kendrick should be, he's the guy right now. He should absolutely should be doing it. But the, I don't know if they know Drake turned it down a bunch of times. Did he really though? How many times? Like three times with it. You gotta pay for the Super Bowl. You gotta pay for the production. Yeah, Everything. When was the last time he turned it in? Why would he Need it in the position he's In? I saw, I saw Steve Style say that and but then that defeats the whole Jay-Z's a hater narrative then.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean well you gotta get that. Give him that because that's his style. You him, that position. You gonna have to feel that hate bro. You want to be that guy. You wanna be the director of who Pixel who you get that hate. Okay. This is the song that do not Dutch Look, they said, because Yoyo said that 50, I mean Jay hated on you too. Like he didn't want you be a part of. Is that true though? Yeah, Either did, but it is not, it is not a big deal. You know what it's what Was the reasoning though? Like what, what would he tell Drean? Like I think it's competing or being competitive and the music is getting past music itself with that. Because I'm like, what, what is he what you trying to do? You know, like when you're not frequently making the music as as frequently, when's the last JC album?


4, 4, 4. Right. But, and when I'm not putting out music as often, but you, the business parts haven't changed. Our positions haven't changed in culture. So if you now saying, yo, now I don't wanna give him this because what you mean if you look at the order, the, the person that you would say didn't belong there, but you were probably like when game was upset, right? He was upset because he he was supposed to be there in his head. Right? But who would you be upset? Is there in place of you who came after you that was there? He never mentioned that he had an issue with Kendrick. Kendrick, Yeah. Right. And then later you see him in support of, of the Drake stuff.


But why would you and Jake still have issues after all These years? I don't have issues. You know. My thing is, look, I think in that point, yeah, he was hating 'cause he was saying the NFL had an issue with me when I got 11 professional sports teams. Now that I'm the official champaign and cognac of and where's the hate there? Like, I, I don't understand it like You know what I'm saying? Like, so he said that there was an issue. It's an issue 'cause he was doing the program. He didn't want me to be in the show and wouldn't do it without me in the show. And then he, he made the adjustments. When's the last time y'all spoke? If y'all have spoke? We Yeah, You and Jay. Oh, it's been a while. 'cause our business is really, they don't cross path now after the same thing. So like when they doing something else with the You know Rock Nation and stuff like that, we picked different things, right?


Like prison reform and stuff like that. And it's the that day thing. You know what I mean? I, I looked at the professional sports thing when I going and saying it would give me the organizations that are the most influential organizations, their charitable organization. So I can tap into that without having to work to create those organizations. Like I've always donated to other existing other non-for-profits and stuff like that throughout the year.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday Season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love Shop Pandora jewelry today.


And people think that it's, it's about taxes but it goes past the tax point You know what I mean? Like for youth programs and the entrepreneurship stuff that I did in in Houston, it made it a little more clearer when I got there. They weren't registering me here 'cause I'm already here and they got me as the first version of 50 cent and it was not adjusted. So they'll look at it that way. And then when they get to Houston, they gonna wait. He's actively doing more than the people from Houston. Right? Right. And then it it kind of gets them make it motivates them to do more. And then you start to see new things. You know like I just raised a half a million dollars for the children of, of, of Houston and Tillman leaders this organization out there.


They Said you were mad that you didn't get invited to the white party. Mike Rubes white party. That's why that you and him was beefing Michael. No, I was fucking with him Back. First white party are puffy originals. Those are puffy originals. Why? Why is only white people? Why is only white good? Why is black bad? Like, like if why want a black party? That's right. Can I have a black party or all black party? I think You could do it. Let's dress with all black guys. Really gonna hug from me and not touch each other's butt. And your party where the Hugs come from The side, not the front, not the back. No, just, just hug me regularly from the front so I can know where you're at. Okay. Okay. Got you. All this stuff has me like an unsure what's going on. You know, speaking of that, there was a, they was, they said you wrote two verses for Diddy.


One was the, the Let's get It and the other one was on the I get money Remix. Yeah, remix. But but they said you wrote it and it's him confessing the crime. Did you see this? Look at the meme. I ain't tell him to say that. And then this one Jay, help me with that. Help me with that. Jay help me. That Jay did that, right? I'm saying cut off Shootouts Coast to Beat. I wasn't around but That was like East coast, west Coast.


That was, and Then Kife D comes out and says, You know I'm not involved in this Stuff. You wrote those verse with Farro? Yeah. We, we wrote, we collaborate. Me and Jay on that gone, We collaborated Because the, what's the name that that part he, there's certain things that he wanted to say and, and Jay knew he wanted to insert it into the record. Yeah. And then he would like, yo, put this in there. And then he just, because, because his for like, his mind is formatted like that. Like what I mean is he, he can now like artist freestyling, freestyling freestyle and Jamie remembers this, the the idea in his head. So he could just say it without writing it down. And then he's like, yo, he wanted to do it sit like this And I 'cause it come out already ready.


I'm like, put it in there. That's what he said. Put that line in and then go ahead and say it. And then got it in front of him and he just went in and did his part. I feel like you being who you are kept you away from all of that type of stuff. I I really don't trust a lot of these people You know what I mean? Like, and then I, I was so, so hot. Like I, it was clear I was under investigation From the beginning, early From the beginning because I came in with other peoples jacket. Yeah, the jacket came was Premium Team's jacket and, and it turned into Jimmy Hinchman jacket and then it was World Jacket. So I'm getting the law enforcement attention that they would be getting. And then if you don't feel that you just retired you's something wrong. You're just not computing what's going on. Like at that point I was telling them, dude, turn the music up now what did you say?


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm Reading your lips. Damn there. Okay, I understand what happened. Did you really offer Tony Yale millions of dollars did not do live TV interviews that I didn't want him do. He always says some stuff I wouldn't say like he is And I don't know why he is doing it. It's not enough involved in it for him to have to say that You know you be calling him after like, yo, why did you, I don't know why you talking about this? Like what is wrong with you? But anyway, You know. And when you not sexually assaulting nobody, there's statute your limitations around things that protect me Charlamagne At all costs protect me. When, when you heard, I don't know if you heard, when you heard Fat Joe, oh my god. Doing an interview the other day and he said that You know Yoyo is so loyal when y'all were beefing he was, he was trying to take Yoyo out.


Do y'all laugh about that later on? No. Yeah. Yeah. Because look, You know Now I wouldn't have been a bad move. It would've confused me. It would've confused me. I show it wouldn't have been a bad move. What I'm gonna do now confused? Nah, Because I, he been around forever. I mean like You know. Even when you make a mistake like he'll, he'll do it. And I know his apology means he'll go, yo, my bad. I'm sorry. Sorry. He knows how to apologize. But really what he means is, yo chill out. Let me do that again. His apology Means chill out. Let me do that again.


Come on. You know how he been doing that forever. Like You Know. Is is he that is Ye the one friend that is like, I wish he wasn't my friend but he's my best friend type of person. Yes. Because he does that all The time. No, I always wish he wasn't my friend. Like it was a lot easy. I wouldn't even have to go through my Jimmy Henchman period. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like that really was, he is doing it. His feelings is in the right place and what he But he caused things. He does. He escalated it. He does. Cause the, and then it's like I'm not gonna let you do something to him like that that forget about it. If you think you're just going to do that, I'm not gonna respond to it. So Very ghost in Tommy.


Huh? I said very ghost in Tommy ish because? Because Ghost ain't gonna let you do, do nothing to Tommy book. Tommy be causing things and vice versa. Yeah, But he is, we not even doing that. There's no cocaine, there's no drugs. It's nothing. You have to stop it bro. You have to find other things to do. Yeah. And he is getting older. You see the things that he's saying is sometimes he's saying good stuff. Yeah. And then he is, he goes back to, to that zone. I don't know why but for me, I don't like, there's so much other stuff to think to Vocal on. You know I got a lot of positive things going on And. I'm like, yo man, why you keep talking about that stuff? Yeah. Yeah. But he's a great storyteller though. Yeah. So you like to hear does Yeah, he does it his way and then and you, you can't help it laugh at it when he is doing when he's saying it, but I'm like damn, maybe I should upload him some new information.


Get him some information. Say these things bro. What? Telling Now, now back to the reunion, we will, we get a, I said reunion back to the residency in Vegas will be a G unit reunion. Well that happen with banks. Yo yo. Oh no. That's not gonna, that's Not gonna happen. No, I just look, I think I've exhausted myself with working for people. Even banks. You Can't see that I do better when I just focus on me and just work harder. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like when I I I spent in that period look the environment it come out, it tells you you're strong as the crew that you that you have. Right. So I spent a lot of time building them up like pieces I sacrifice even for game to, to make G Unit what it is and feel like something is stronger than one person or one artist.


Right. And then when you do that, you look, you look back and you go wait. When they don't reciprocate the energy you go, oh man, you gotta figure out how to do it on your own now. Like they, Jay was forcing Rockefeller to do that from the beginning. You know like, like big his issues. You see he was writing for Junior Mafia for these other people, but he would leave it and not say anything 'cause Puff already had to publish it. So just leave that over there. So it's You know like they go ahead. You believe it there And I own your publishing. You wrote it Perfect. Junior Mafia Publishing too? No. Oh. But that's why Junior Mafia Publishing was away from it.


See Big could write it and let it be under Junior Mafia and then it'd be another asset of his versus it being something that's in the contract. You know. Damn. You think there'll ever be another 50 cent G unit like run outta New York City or anywhere for that matter? I hope. I hope so. Like I think it's Nicki right now. That's why I support Nick. But it was But Nick, but you had a whole crew though. That's what made it so different. Yeah. And I mean first of all, nobody had success like you had, but then having a whole crew that was successful as well. You think she could assemble a crew? She can build it. Yeah. She can definitely do it. They will and they'll listen to her because she's definitely her carrier.


She's not fake. That shit is really there. She's stronger than a lot of dudes. Just a, she been bumped around. So if there's, if when you get to agitated, she gonna think you try a player and she'll go off for you. You were supposed to sign her at one time. I I, I, Yeah. I could've could, I would've got it if Fendi wasn't around. I'm like that grimy Ass with NDI too. I just forever he always been, he's a character in our culture. Yeah. Yeah. Like He's always been around and in it like since he was there with Big Yeah. Yeah. I remember that video, that Rolling Dice Before, like in the beginning. So when I sent that I was like, ah, you don't have to deal with this And I didn't go after it the right way because Of Fendi.


Yeah. Damn Fendi. Yeah, but it still went where it was supposed the way it was supposed to go. Because when she got look in the beginning, she her, they was comparing her to Kim because of the the picture. Right. The Minaj picture. But I think it was more like Foxy. 'cause she was in between two crews. She was with Gucci and them and then signed the young money. Young money. Like the firm. Yeah. And and Fox's relationship with Jay. Is there any other, other hold No, everything happened the way it's supposed to happen. But that would've been ill. Yeah. Nicki Minaj with the original G Unit. Yep. She would've, she would've gobbled the rest of them up. Oh it would've been no room for them. Real. I would've been like this. Nah, Nicki's too big.


You gotta go. I have no time for you. Look, we don't need anyone from the south. Why, why would we do that? Right. You know. It would've changed the Whole thing. Like she is she from South side so she from there, she's A monster. She, that would've been too much to look. I would've been trying to facilitate things around her more than anything else at that point. Everybody else would've been Nikki's screw an Afterthought. But it seemed like when she tries to put especially the young female artist under her arm, it always goes bad. Like her and Lato, her And I. Like you be talking to her about that. 'cause that's my only thing about her sibling, the crew. I think she has the knowhow but it just go bad for some reason all the time.


It might not be have to be girls. Like the girls You know how women, it is different. I I wouldn't even get in that. Like I like Ice Spice in them too. I like the girls, the other girls that rap don't thing. 'cause I love Nikki. I don't like your music. I don't like your stuff. But what it is is they, they go look, she got a really strong personality if you are hanging around or a associating with people that she don't kind of rock with okay. And she don't rock with you. It kind of get weird. It get like that. And if they socializing and just doing, they'll be doing too much for her to feel like comfortable with her. So, so I'm talking to you or am I talking to this person?


'cause you be talking to this person, right? Whenever a person's on the fence, we put them on the other side. Like if they're on the gate and they're uncertain with with whose side? They don't put 'em over there. Why? 'cause it's dangerous. It's like you could go, so you could say, oh your your girlfriend is here. I'm gonna go go holler at her. And you go there and you, you are all outta pocket now because she hanging around people that you don't hang out with and they got you off balance. You know. So that, that would be why you just assume to put them on the other side of things. Like, I don't know. Other than that they, they are women too. So it's girl shit going on. It's caddy shit. You think she could made much Safari under the unit Safari. You think she could made Safari pop under the G unit?


Pop at what? Some of them failed. Some of the artists failed. They, that would've been one of the ones that didn't work. Idiot pop Idiot man. Was that Set that man up. He acting serious. Too Serious was so confused. He serious. Question. Is there Any other artist that, that you had a chance to sign or you wish you could have signed and you didn't and you've seen huge success besides the Nick. Nick was the biggest one that it got past. The other, other artists. I seen a lot of artists knew that they was going to go before even, what's the name? Like with, with Top Top? I tell you for T-D-E-I-I was telling him the, the Kendrick record, the water record, that's it.


Like just, that's the one right there. Just go with it. He'll send me his new artist. I say, yo listen, just tell me what you think about the guy. And then I, and I'll listen to the record and, and give my feedback with it. I told him that. And CSA like I, I rapped on that, that first record. 'cause I felt like that was going good. She didn't pay me to do that. I just like, nah, she's gonna go. Mm go. And then later it went. This is why Tavo send me the record. Like, yo, lemme see, Lemme see if he gonna get jump on it. Right. Lemme see what you think because nah, 'cause I listen to the record. And I go, yo. Yeah, they, this is it right now. Like what, what's they would want to happen next? You said you haven't created music in a while because you said you gotta tap into being stupid.


Well look at what's going on. Yeah. It Is easy to follow the trend of what works. Like right now what's happening. But they're saying shit that's, it's like what are you supposed to do as far as a sexuality in music is turned into a whole nother place. You gotta just say it. You just gotta say what you're thinking. It's almost porn rap. Yeah, But I think you see what I'm saying? Like it you but People wouldn't expect you to do that though. Like you could still do what you, you gotta wouldn't wrote Magic stick. But, but that's what I saying. You see porno style from banks was hard. But look, magic stick, candy Shop, all these things you can set in front of kids and them not and have a different meaning. Oh, got you, got you. Gotcha. I get what you're saying. It's the approach. You see what I'm saying? How you approach it And when you say this, WP what ass pussy, this is the the the new themes are are in your Face.


Yeah, yeah. I got you. Right. Your face When you listen, when you hear Omari doing interviews, Omari Hardwick do, do you feel like he's, he's ungrateful for some of the, the moves and and things that you did for him? I Think he leaves people feeling like he said it to me You. know what I'm saying? Like what the fuck? I'm the also point out the fact that when you don't have money that I'll give you the money. Like give them 50, $60,000 and say yo, nah, just get back to me when you, you ready? Like until you comfortable and settled in. I don't believe in what we can't can win consecutive championships if the players are hungry. Right. The team is hurting like that. If that's the case and then you going, we don't, they don't change the financial thresholds of how people are being paid on these projects until you get to season three.


We get to season three that it changed so he can handle it after that then he didn't need the loans anymore at that point. But I did get, remember I was talking about somebody else owed me money. He he just jumped out there and said, said He But that Yeah, but so that, but you said that was strategic 'cause it kept his music going. Yes. And he was able to pay you back. But though Omari Hardrick said this is not No, but Omari said yeah Fifth gave me money. I didn't even say Omar's name. I was talking about Rot. Oh he thought you was talking about him. And he said that, that I gave him the money rot Timmy. He, I had did a deal with him and we, And I spent money on, on this project then he wanted to do something that was independent. Afrobeats wasn't as popular as now and he was going in a different tone of the music And.


I'm like, I don't know about that right now. Like the way, and I'm like, You know what you could do what you want to do. Just have the, you could pay me back in the royalties, off the mechanicals off of the music that you, you are releasing moving forward. And you won't even feel it. 'cause it doesn't cost your marketing moving forward. Everything that you that you do moving forward, it's not gonna be a part of that. It's just later I'll get the money back. And he recouped it. He did it, took care of it. But at that point he, I said, yo, yo, you got even my money back boy. And the people go, oh shit OF money You. know what I mean? And it stopped immediately and it, it, it drew so much attention to it that the record stayed number one more, more days than it would've been number one on the charts.


Right. And he knows that. So he'll go, yo, he's a marketing genius bro. Because I didn't know. He said, I, he was calling me like, yo, what's up with you on fifth? And I'm just going, you need to make some noise around the record to have people feel like there's something about who you are that is interesting about it. And then when he had more to, when he heard, they heard my side of it, they went to hear what he had to say. And then when he said things back, they was like, oh, okay, now I understand what was, what was happening. Now he finally was talking about it to make them understand why it stayed. But it, it carried, carried over. It was, it was something else happening under it that was making them interesting away from the song playing and to a good position.


But when, when, oh, when he says this stuff on the on, I think he overvalues himself to be honest with you. 'cause since then it's been a long time since he hasn't been in power. Why are we not excited about the new projects? What new Project? It's new projects. He Got new. I Didn't know. See that's what I'm talking about. I'm, yeah, I'm trying, that is exactly what I'm talking about. If there's, if there was noise going on, if he was that big of a draw, then we would see noise. We see new things happening. We see you out where you actively, in a place where people are looking for you. So y'all not cool it sounds Like. No 'cause you leave it like it's me not giving you the money. If he's saying it and you going, Courtney and, and the 50 No, you saying that they don't know who the fuck Courtney is.


I introduced people to her. They don't know who she is. So you leaving it for a 50 Didn't make sure I got paid. When Mary will tell you she got paid a lot of money on the show while she was there the whole time, I made sure that she, it was right. And then now you see my new book, the Accomplice. I got Tara Roger. So Taraji will be the lead in that one for the needle. Okay. That's already sold. Yeah. Or You know. I'm not wasting time at all. Let Me, I was gonna ask you You know politics is coming up election. Is it true Donald Trump tried to give you money to, to endorse him? One time the I got a call, the the one in me to was Sunday. Oh, they wanted you to come yesterday.


Oh, Madison Square Garden this week. They wanted you to, Oh yeah. They wanted you to perform many men, they wanted you to perform many men at the RNC too, Right? Yeah. And yeah, they offered me $3 million to do, To perform At the RNC or this past Sunday. Huh? At this past Sunday at 3 million. And then they offered you money for the Republican National Convention too, right? You turned it down. How much was that? Yeah, I didn't even go far back. I've been talking to them about that kind of stuff because I'm afraid of politics, bro. So you understand. I do not like You. Don't not gang, gang go into politics. No gang bango politics. No gang bang, no politics. You know. It's because when you do get involved in it, no matter how you feel, someone passionately disagrees with you. That's everything though. I mean, politics is worse, but that's Everything.


It worse. Now look, look, if you say I stay away from religion, I stay away from politics, religion, these, that's the formula for the confusion that is sent Kanye to Japan. He said something about both of those things and now he can only go to Japan. Yeah. So You know. I'm like, I don't want to get in that man. I'm like, Well, we gotta let you go then Fifth 'cause Yeah, Renee wrapping Up, we, well, not only that, we got the vice president on the line she's on now. Yeah. Vice President Kamala Harris. Hands of the phone. Let Fifth say hi. Well say hello. Why you kind to put me into this stuff? I thought we was cool. What you doing man? Nah, we, you speaker.


No, no, no. I'm cool. No. Well, gentlemen it I another About leave. Wait, I have another question before you leave. Okay. Go ahead. What happened? I wanted to get in your business. I wanted to know what happened with you. You Line. Oh man. I'm glad. Ladies and gentlemen. 50 cent is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the Morning. The. Breakfast Club.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And I. Want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay. Your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you. The parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth mouthwatering, waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.