
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Welcome to The, World of B'S Ultra Open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop b holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey's Job And. I. Go by the name Q Ward and we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs empowers all people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace, and social circle. We're going to learn how to become better allies to each other. So join us each Saturday for Civic Cipher on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess, well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami Mess. Breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live living. It's kind of mess. Yeah, well you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee, Washington and Marie fasting on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got got a special guest in the building for Queens, New York. Queens. Get the money. That's And he got a lot of it. He got a lot of it. Ladies and gentlemen. Sure did. Tell Club welcome brother. Hey, what's up baby? What's up? What's up Breakfast Club. Good morning. How You feeling this morning? Yeah, I feel good. I'm glad to be here with y'all. Glad to be here with y'all. Yeah. Glad to be here with y'all. Lots of new things going on. Yes, yes. It's like I'm back in being to a Manhattan night, so I'm like lots of cool things are coming to the city. Mm, that's right.


So You know I had to come and drop y'all off of the newest news You know the new things. What is the newest news Please? Well first off, November 23rd, the Telfa store opens. Congratulations Manhattan, New York. In New York City. We're gonna bring back You know going downtown Soho shopping. Loitering, You know I'm gonna be down there where, where all the fake bags are and the real ones and we can pick and choose. But they just recently did a sting and they said they got $40 million worth of fake bags off The streets. That's horrible. That's horrible. And why is that? Those people alone?


I'm like, yeah, what did Like that's totally, they don't have anything better to do. Yeah. You know. It's like I love to be able to go down. I love seeing my bag down there. I'm like, that's when You know you made It. But that doesn't affect the sales though. You know the fact that somebody can get your bag fake. It's the same price. Oh I know. That's right. It's the same Price. I know that's right. I made good friends of all the bag dealers down there, they're very sweet men. It's very sweet men. That's definitely like a different way of looking at it. I love that. I love that you are not like trying to You know. No You know. It's like the back's the same price. Right. You know. I get it. So it's like we're gonna be on the same street, we're sharing the same turf. You know they might be selling the same bag. You know. How long has it taken for you to actually get your store?


You've been talking about it for a while. Yeah, I dropped the news actually here two years ago when I sat it, my team started like scrambling to try to do it and we're like, wait, if we're gonna do it, we need to really do it. It shouldn't be a popup. So this isn't a popup and it's on the eve of the 20th year anniversary of this brand. Which is really cool because this is what I wanted to do. You know the whole time because this is the type of brand that is 360 that you need to kind of experience everything together in one place. You know it's tying back to the TV station that we have Tel Far tv. So a lot of the You know, like people that come to the store will get a chance to be a part of that TV process and that's where all the new runway shows are gonna be.


And, I. See Yeah. It's just like You know like the clothes like are made for a certain type of person and like the stores that exist You know that person isn't really like You know catered to. You're not able You know. So I You know I'm a unisex brand. There's not that section in Right. You know any store so I have to do it myself. And I think it's gonna be a really interesting experience that people are gonna be able to take part in. So Well you have enough product. Right. Because that's one thing people always say that when they try to buy your bags or your stuff is sold out, they're Sold Out. Sold up. So if you haven't stood up up with only one bag in it because it's sold out, how are you gonna fix that problem?


But that's Why he don't knock the people on Canal Street. That's why You know. Right, Exactly. You just go back down there, you said That's right. They might have it before You know. You know we're good friends now. So You know the real ones are out there. But I mean like there's no more like you don't have to wait for the drops. Like when you go to the store you can basically get any bag, any size, any color. Ooh. Any even bags that you haven't even seen yet will be there. And then also too, the main thing is like You know really getting to experience the clothing. So there's one section that's for clothing, one section that's for bags and then one section that's for tv. So, and all those things will You know be Coincide.


You can Experience. But does that make you nervous though? Because one of the, the things about Tel Far were people love the bags, they love the clothes, but some of the mystique was trying to get it right. Right. Because You know it's sold out. You gotta get the drop before the drop date. Yeah. Like that was part of the mystique of getting kind of like with sneakers. Right. You want to get, you wanna win it on that app. Yeah. But if everybody gets to, it's like I don't want it. So how does that affect business? Well I think that that's not what we were trying to do in the first place. Oh. You know. I like, yeah that's just a beautiful thing that happened and it helped to like, 'cause that's when I took the business basically like independent You know. Like we weren't like trying to sell the stores just was kind of during Covid and it really sh it was like the most beautiful thing.


'cause that's when I realized that You know the brand was bigger than what Yeah. You know like a store could project how much to buy or like You know the industry could predict how much you can sell in a season. You know. It was like bigger than that. So I, it was reassurance of this next process that You know should happen Now for people that that don't know. You were here a couple of years, two, three years ago and you talked about this, but I want for people that's just listening now 'cause some people might have just heard about you in the last two years. Right. Latecomers, Latecomers. For people that Don't know, the first question I would get was, you're from Queens, New York, Left Rack City. Left Rack City Hood, the same place as Norry, right? Yeah. How did a young boy from nor from Left Rack get into making bags and how did it become successful?


Clothes, fashion and clothes. Fashion. Fashion. Totality. You know, I You know I always have been interested in clothes. I've always had like You know my own perspective on what I wanted to wear. I love both women and men's clothing and the right type of thing that I was allowed to wear. Or You know. Like You know. Like I come from West African parents You know I'm from Liberia. You know. And there's like You know a certain way of how you should dress and how you should carry yourselves And I completely like was not with that shit. Yeah. So its like I wanted to be me like literally like actively tried not to go to any school that had uniforms or anything like that.


'cause that's the way I expressed myself. You know what I mean? So from very young I knew what I wanted to do, but I didn't know what that, that was a job. You know I wanted to be an accountant. I was like really, really, really, really, really good at accounting. You know. So I, that's what I thought I was gonna do. And then be able to like buy and You know like afford the clothes that You know that I saw and, and when I actually like was going down that path, I'm like, wait, I'm really interested in fashion and making it and selling it to people rather than like math. And also too, it's like the things that I wanted to wear didn't exist. You know. And they didn't exist for like You know, like a person like me to be like, oh that's the thing that I wanna wear.


It's like, where can you get that? It's like I have to make it. Yeah. You know. So it's like challenging myself and You know the industry that I'm in to kind of understand where I was coming from. Which is like You know. I think that I actually had to like divorce myself from the industry to, to be able to do You know because it's just like, it's not made for the type of brand that I Am. And I was gonna ask that people are are so close minded. Especially the time that you were growing up, Especially in the good old days. The good old days. Especially in Queens, that's Like, that's the grit for me. You know, like all of that You know like what you can't do and like walking down the street and like 5 million people being like, faggot, faggot, faggot. This that. The other is like, for me that was like reassurance.


You know, And I know that that can be dangerous for like people that just don't want that energy all day. For me, I used to be like, yo, I'm, I'm doing it right. And I. Right. And then it's like seeing people look like me a couple years later and being like, damn, you look gay. You know. Like it's like You know and it is just like all of that is exciting for me. And that's like when you see that, that's what people look like. It's like that means you did something and you actually changed You know you actually did something. You must Know how to fight bro. You know how to fight. He So I got a lot of brothers. Okay, I can talk a lot of shit. Okay. That's What I, because coming outta left rack down that elevator where he seen Tims and caught hearts and all that and you wearing whatever you wanna wear.


I know. I was like, they probably had jokes. I'm like, you must know how to fight. Or had a lot of brothers That could. Yeah, my brothers know how to fight. Shout out to all my brothers. I love them. That's, and also too, my neighborhood was really like, I think New York's a different thing. You know. 'cause I also grew up in Maryland DC Virginia too, where it's just like DMV You know Maryland's also, it seems like more like You know, closed-minded when you're like in the suburbs and different places like that. But all of that, all of those experiences like shape the type of clothes that I wear and the types of challenges I want to like take on You know. 'cause I'm like, that's what those people wear over there. I want to twist it like this and like change it like that. And then we are all wearing You know these different tropes of like American culture that get twisted in this different way.


That make a whole new thing You know. Got you. Now in the last four years, your brand has become one of the biggest black owned brand names. Wow. Without any investors, without any stores, any traditional advertising. How the hell hell did you do all that? It's the people. It's the people. You know. Like you see a mayor of yourself. Even like how I relate to the internet is like, I don't really use it. It's like I just see other people that post things You know. Like they post themselves in the bag, they post their lives. Right. You know. And it's like really the bag is like this entryway that people begin to like enter into the brand and like kind of understand what's behind it. But it's like You know.


It's like I've been doing this for 20 years, You know and each, each year I make two, two collections a year. You know. And this bag has helped us be able to kind of communicate it and people can get a piece of it in this kind of way. And I'm excited to see how You know it being available there being a store. This third component in the business now You know like what happens in real life? 'cause it's a real life brand. It's not an internet brand. Yeah. You know. Yeah. It's like before the internet it's like you can't even Google me. And what I love is that you never change your prices. Like even when everything, because listen, I'm gonna be honest with you, I didn't buy one until I seen Beyonce with it.


I got three really so far back. Yes. I got one Latecomer. Yeah, I'm, I definitely was a latecomer I'll admit. But I, I just love the fact that even with that, the, all the, the recent success with everything, you still have not skyrocketed your prices. Like some designers do. No money doesn't buy style. Money doesn't buy style. Like the Brokest people are the flyest people ever, always been like that's like where style and style and culture isn't bought You know what I mean? That's like again, late comer attitude. You know got You know And I really. Like that's the person that I want to be able to be in things. It's like I'm not necessarily, it's like broke but it's just like, it's like it's not a challenge You know what I mean?


It's like if you're gonna try something new that you haven't ever worn before, never tried before, type of thing you never seen before. It's like you should be able to get it. Test drive it around, get three colors of it. That's right. Throw it away, give it to your friend, take it back. You know, Take It back. Wash it in the washing machine You. know what I mean? That's right. It's like that's the type of fashion that is fashion to me. People You know people For a long time thought Beyonce was an investor. Right? Me? Yeah. Who thought that? I Thought I seen it online because she wore, she wears the bag. So people like You know Beyonce just don't wear anything. She has, she has a lot of investment like in both my brain knowledge, You know, just like that's a person I've followed my entire life.


Like that's like legend icon also too, just like the Knowles family, like Solange was one of the first people to ever wear a Tel Far bag and have a Tel Far bag and like have me participate in like You know like a project that she's doing. So it's like just the sweetest, most beautiful people. So I if they're investors yes. In that sense. Yeah. Yeah in that sense. But You know, I think like everybody's an investor in that sense. You know. And how did you meet their family? 'cause people Yeah. Invested in this You know business that's now a business You know. Right. And how did you meet that family? How did you meet the Knowles family? Through Solange. Through Solange?


Yeah. Like we met each other. We did a project at the Guggenheim when she was like doing, doing her album rollout for a seat at the table. Yeah. Yeah. I had just gotten back from Europe, loved the album. She was asking me to do this thing at the Guggenheim, which was like really cool. This one of a kind one time performance. Like everybody wore white, like, and You know, like I dressed like the entire cast of this like performance. I think I don't, it was like maybe like 50, 60 people. That's dope. And that was like one of the first things that like You know, like, kind of like the style of like runway shows that I wanna do are like, it's involved in that You know what I mean?


That's like, it's not like walking down a catwalk like that You know. It's like has music style. Gotcha. You know. That's why I just new things You know and it's just like a memorable experience. And that was like one of the first most beautiful things that I got to do. You know What is Tel Far tv? What, what can we expect? Tel Far tv. You're on it right now. Oh that's right. It's a interactive public access experience that's kind of very similar to like the energy that you see online and in all of our videos that we make. But I think in more long form, I would say. And also too, it's like You know you can add things to it yourself by posting your own videos on it.


I think we're building it right now. I think with the TV station and different projects that are coming out and just like You know being here right now, I record every day of my life. You know. And you have a camera on your glasses. Yeah. So that's my glasses. Wow. That's dope. You Know. So you, each time that you see me with these glasses, you get to be a part of this experience that is Tel far tv. Yes. So you always a fly on the wall. Yeah, I'm a fly on the wall. That's right. You know. I keep my mouth shut. You know. But it's like, it's been a part of just different projects. That's how we release different clothes sometimes. It's like different things are going on in my life. And rather than having like a camera crew with me all the time, it's like I'm the camera crew.


I see how people actually react to me. Yeah. You know. So it's like, yeah, it is like this very like kind of unique practice to how I want to start releasing clothes. You know and They're slick. Like they're, they're definitely slick. They not just You know. Yeah, you definitely giving I love it. Yeah. I want to ask, I noticed like when when you Google your bags, you see a lot of designers starting to copy what you do. I see y'all too, right? Yes. And I was saying any names like Coach, how does that They look very similar. Shout, shout out to Stewart Beers who was like a very, very, very good mentor doing CFDA and You know like it's just, it's what it is.


A lot of stuff. I'm gonna let you speak, I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let you speak. So I I'm not, I gonna Say a lot of this stuff looks exactly like the line that you put out, but You know, how does that affect you? Because you design it, you put your heart and energy into it and to see other people You know, kind of mimic to what you're doing. How does that affect you and the brand and the business Without and you mentally Yeah. Without collaborating. Without it trying to Be collaborative. Yeah. And I. Think like You know I have really, really, really, really, really beautiful customers and a fan base that like if You know You know You know and I'm not in competition with You know them. You know. I started doing this thing kind of like as like, like when I made that bag, it was based off of the Bloomingdale shopping bag.


And I was like just around during Christmas. And I was like, damn, everybody looks so good when they have, when they've come from shopping. I was like, bags all sizes. I was like, damn, everybody looks good. A man, a baby, a You know. Like everybody looks good. I was like, I was like I don. Wanna make a bag like that? And I want a bag like that that has my logo on it?


The Holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Shop Amazon's black Friday week now with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and electronics like noise canceling headphones to silent their night shop. Great deals on Amazon.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And, I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya And I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers. And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of her daily lives. Between the juggle of being athletes, raising children, and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I. Remember going in there A hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart women's sports and deep blue sports and entertainment on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hi, I am Marie And. I'm Sydnee and we're mess. Well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy. But the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girls' Trip to Miami. Mess. Ozempic. Skinny Living. Messy Skinny Living restaurant. Stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone in accounting and then getting a promotion. Living, living, living. Breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram. Live, living, living. It's kind of mess. Yeah. Well you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee, Washington and Refa sent on iHeartRadio. App, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramseys Job. And. I. Go by the name Q Ward. And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We're gonna discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people to hopefully create better allies. Think of it as a black show for non-black people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence. And we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. Exactly. Whether you're black, Asian, white, Latinx, indigenous, lgbtqia plus, you name it. If you stand with us then we stand with you. Let's discuss the stories and conduct the interviews that will help us create a more empathetic, accountable and equitable America. You are all our brothers and sisters and we're inviting you to join us for civic cipher each and every Saturday with myself, Ramsey's Jaw Q Ward, and some of the greatest Minds in America. Listen to Civic Cipher every Saturday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast


You. know what I mean? And we started like that and then we started to refine what it was made out of You know. And we were like, You know, like maybe it should be made out something that's not. It's like, I'm not like this type of person that's like, it needs to be this material and this material. I'm like, it's more like, is it useful? Mm. Like do you look good You know what I mean? And like what it is, it can be categorized in all different kinds of ways. So it's like You know, like we decided to call it a vegan leather bag that was just like this joke on people that like You know a steamed vegan that's still like You know it is like I eat meat You. know what I mean? But it's, it is vegan because it's not leather You.


Know what I mean? So it's like when we did that and just like all these different takes on things that You know on the industry standard of what is desirable and what is You know what is fashion You know what I mean? Was like it was really a take on that. And having that be like actually like You know the mascot and the vehicle that got me to the place that I am. I'm like thankful for that. 'cause everybody can take place in that. Just like, it's like this New York thing that just became global You. know what I mean? But we make a lot of different bags though. You. know what I mean? Did you bring one? I did. Ooh Ray. Did I? I was gonna say I did.


I did. And also too, I have a really big surprise. Okay. Like a really big surprise. Okay, well it's not too big. Okay. It is not too small. It's not too small. It's such a, a size in between. Okay. It's a size in between that everybody's been asking for. Like literally I get hate mail about not making this size a bag. So this is gonna be available only at the store. Oh gosh. And only with you guys. I love it today. I love it. And also too, I brought you guys the new gear from the store. That's What I'm talking about.


Oh my gosh. Yes. Yes. Did we bring the ITC New York? I might be lying and if I did that. No, you're lying. You're telling the truth. I don About Everything. I don't lie. I don't lie. Nice. I don know I don't know. Okay, Now I want, I wanna ask, is there more pressure for, for black designers? Like I look at some of the black designers and when they put out clothes, I feel like they get crucified a whole lot more. Like I don, one of designers, Kirby, he was at my age for a couple of months. People were criticizing him. Kirby Hope you're well. You know. So is it more, do you get criticized more? Do you feel like they criticize black designers more than white designers or other designers I should say?


I mean, first off, let's just start at like, white designers aren't called white designers. You know. That's true. They're just called designer, designer designers. And there's that ball. Yeah. You know. It is that level of it is like I have, I have to really learn that You know. 'cause it's like when I first started making clothes, I think people thought I was Japanese just because of the aesthetic of, of what the clothes are and these different things. And like when they saw me they were like, oh, You. know what I mean? Yeah. And it's like And I had to just like really that's like with within the other person and within like our own community too of like what you're supposed to look like And. I'm like, I love being able to challenge what that is.


Yeah. You know. And also to everybody being able to accept that as not just like a black thing, but just like a thing on fashion. It's like when I travel all over The World, I take little bits and pieces of these things and it starts to come back to these things. But then again, I'm like in left racket, I'm like, oh, And I know what this is. And I know what that is. And on that person it becomes this whole new world of like what it can be You know what I mean? And yeah, it's like, I think getting it first and getting it, having it hard is like, part of fashion is like, if you actually believe in it, it is like take the hard road. It is like if you actually wanna look like that and you are that girl or that person, like do that You.


know what I mean? It is like, like again, like I said, like I will walk down the street and people will be like, You know. That's when you actually know you might be doing something. Right. And if you actually just look like that, it's like I'm not changing my clothes every day. I didn't change my clothes every day. You know, like back in the day and like I, I, I ride a bike everywhere. But it's like I really respect the person that is like, You know, I, I wore this this morning. I took the train, came home, went to this thing. It's like you're actually that person. You're not putting on a costume like Instagram or something Like that. You You know you make enough money now where you don't gotta take the train everywhere Now You know the the train. Well I haven't taken the train in a very long time. And I don't even think I took the train back in the day like that.


Okay. All right. Because I ride a bike everywhere. Like I said, I'll ride a bike. Queens, Brooklyn, Manhattan in all in one day. You know and handle all my business from all year round. So it is like, I've never been like, it is like whenever I get on the train, it doesn't come. That's how You know. I'm like, I'm actually from Left Rock City. If You know about that, it is like when you get on the train and it doesn't come, but you have to get back out and yeah, it was like, oh wow. Yeah. So it is like You know. Yeah. The fashion. When you first broke into the industry, you, you did it independently, right? Did any of the fashion houses try to box You out because the way That you move was totally different from anywhere else? I think You know. I just had like, I like what I do.


You know. It is like I've gotten offers from everybody. From everybody gotten offers from everybody You know. And it was around a specific time around like 2020 when people wanted a black face to be a, a mascot for a brand that's not black owned You know to be acceptable for the time being. You see 20, 24 things are shifting back is like I force like I enjoy what I do. I have the freedom to do what I wanna do. Say what I wanna say You know, which is really important. Have the freedom to choose You know like when I put out a collection Yeah. How I put it out and with who?


You know And I couldn't imagine being able to do that in the system. It's like, like I said, I had to actively choose to leave the fashion industry because I've, I'm like, it's not, it's not, it's not what this brand's about You know. Why didn't you, why didn't you sell? Like, 'cause I mean I'm sure they were offering a lot of money a kid from No they weren't. Okay. Maybe not. No, no. So they were Low. You, it's like a deal that most designers get is like you make a like small amount of whatever your business is. What was the first Offer they, they sent you, if you remember? They, they who I'm like You know first it's like kind of like You know people wanna produce a collection, which I would love to produce You know and making that sacrifice to be able to do runway shows and fashion weeks and all these things.


But do you get to sell those clothes? No. You know, like, do you actually sell those clothes? No. And it's like, that's why most designers have just as little runway to be able to make it or break it or it's all over You. know what I mean? And it's like season to season and it's like, do I wanna do that and go to Europe to do that where it's like I could just get fired any second. Right. Because You know and Yeah. And it's like I enjoy what I do You Know what I mean? So I've been trying to figure it out independently. You know and figure it out with my heart. You know, I've been doing this since I was 15. Like my name is on it You. know what I mean? And it's like, that's amazing. You know I lived in Asia and I've lived in Europe and it's like, it makes a lot of sense here You.


know what I mean? It is like I'm home. You know. Do you Wanna sell? No. Like because like envy. No, see I'm just asking because a lot Of people and there's nothing I could sell and I'm not about selling anything. It's like I own my own name. It's like everybody in my company is like, I have a company with my best friends. You know that actually they've been through all different kinds of You know realms of different fashion industries. Saint worked with different brands and designers and different things like that. And it's like who owns their name? There's not a lot of people. And it's like, for me that's like a big thing. It's like if I didn't wanna do this, You know I'd be okay.


You know. It's like, it's like actually You know, opening a store in this industry, like doing all the things that I'm doing You know to actively is not about money. You know, like even a store that I'm opening is not about money. You can come there and try on some shit and take a picture in a new age kind of way and put the shit back. Don't tell people that. No, I am gonna tell Them that. Tell people that It's an interactive story. I don't differently, I don't wanna buy a sweatshirt that you been tried on and you, you see that Have the window shoppers coming one window shopper. Right? Right. And be like, You know And, I can come do this. So Hey, I'm a window shopper too. I go through all of the stores, I try something on, look through it, turn it inside and outside and I'm like, do I really want it?


Hmm. We'll see tomorrow if I wake up and think about it tomorrow I'll text someone and be like, yo, can you send me that shit? Yeah. You know what I mean? But it's like, it's like it's more special when it's like someone actually wants you to be in nothing. Right. You know what I mean? And, I want people to be in that thing You. know what I mean? Yeah. Got You. Now Beyonce, do you send to every piece of clothing on bag that you put out? Beyonce? I heard she just like, she does it herself. She orders online. She's the queen. I don't know, I haven't even ordered online. I think she hits someone up and she has good people working for her. So You know like, yeah, I can't, I can't like she works in mysterious ways. I'm like, that's right.


Yeah. I didn't, I didn't even know we did that. You know. Do you still giddy? Do you still get giddy and excited anytime you see her wearing a bag? I get giddy and excited when I see like everybody wearing a bag. Everybody. Yeah. Like I get giddy and excited when I see you wearing a sweatshirt. You know. Yeah, it is. Like I watch y'all show in the morning like you guys are the voices of the Morning You know my wife stole that sweatshirt by the way. I just want you to know that. Oh yeah. Definitely stole that sweatshirt. Well definitely November 20th third. You can come down to this store, get another One. Eight Broadway at Canal Street. We're bringing downtown back. Yeah, we can lawyer there. You can try some shit on Absolutely love hell.


Oh wait again. Oh man. Yes. That's pho Stuff. Bringing in the gifts. My beautiful sister William. Hi. Coming Bearing. Coming Bearing and And You know what I need. Do need. I need a, I need a bigger duffle. Did you make a bigger duffel? Yeah. Wait, like you do you have the big one after for Traveling? I got a duffle that's like a, I call it a one day. Like a one day. I need a Little more. No. Yeah, you got the big one. I'm see my room. I'm sorry. Thanks for having me. Y y'all, Thank you so much. Y thank you. Right now. Yeah, we got y'all some good things. Oh my God. This is the new bag. It's the new size. It's the new size. It's the new size. It's not too big. It's not too far.


It's not too big. Not small. It's, thank you so much. Yes. And it is available only, only only At our store for only a short a media million. Million short amount of time. So like, you gotta get it. You can only get it at the store. Maybe we'll put it online. Do you think we should put it online? Yes. How You know it's the size Everybody's been asking for. Yes, yes. Thank you so much. Oh, You're so welcome. And also envy. I got you a sweatshirt. Has I love it. Thank you so much. Let see it. TC New York. I love Though ITC in New York, you see you can get the Canal Street.


Look. That's just like DJ MV And check out back. Check out the back. Check out back. DJ nv. Check out the back. Tell us what that says. Tell us what that says. Oh Eight Broadway, New York. Eight. Seven. Seven. Sexy bags. Sexy. Yes. You can call to request a bag for those of you at home that can't make it to the store. November 23rd is the opening of the store. But hopefully this store will be open forever and many years to come. Yeah. So don't all come the same day. Don't You know. I mean, what do you expect? Party. You don't All come the same day unless you're with the shits. And then let's do it. You Know. Now tell us about that day. So you're doing a grand opening, you're doing a block party to Back, we're doing grand opening And you're doing something for for people to perform.


Right? Oh my god. Damn at me. What? Okay. I mean you perform and if you win you get a free bag. How You know I'm be out there, just got all the information. See you. Listen to DJ Envy, listen to the source. The party and the opening is gonna be November 23rd. If you want to come by and be a part of Telfa TV on that day, please just stop by and see us or don't and come the next day. The 24th, right? Or the 25th or the 26th or the 27th or the 28th or the 29th or the 30th. I don't think it first. The 20th, the 32nd. I think the But no Christmas.


Yeah. It's like, I think we might be You know, like I wanna do really interesting things with this store is not all about shopping. So sometimes we'll have a TV show being taped there at the same time. Maybe we'll be shooting a music video. Maybe we'll be having a drink. You know. Love it. But yeah, I just want things to work differently and yeah, I'm excited. I am too. I'm happy. Yes. Happy to be here for breakfast. That's Right. And where did the name Bushwick Birkin came from? Where? Where did that come from? Damn, it Came from the internet. I'm like, damn. To our shopper You know Like why everything gotta be related to a Birkin. Like Who's this woman? Like why do y'all want that Bag?


You know. And I. Guess like You know I can take the esteem or whatever the street says it is. But You know to for our shopper and lots more to come. That's right. Thank you so Much, sir. Well we appreciate you for joining us. November 23rd. Yes. November Grand opening of the first store, canal Street and Broadway. And make sure you head out there. There's gonna be all types of things given away. There's gonna be a lot of fun. There's gonna be performances. And go out there and make sure you support and purchase somebody You. know your, your fans and your supporters are they. They don't play about you. They don't play about y'all either. They don't play about y'all either. This is your store. Please come and bless it. You know.


Treat us well. Let's like You know, let let the city be what it used to be. Mm. Amen. You know. Well, it's Tell for Clemons. We appreciate it. We appreciate all the gifts and everything. Thank You, you so much. She had that on tomorrow. Just with the sh. Just with the sh. It's It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Amazon Black Friday week is here with up to 40% off toys to stuff, their stocking noise, canceling tech to silent their night and fashion. Like slippers too. Missile their toes. Shop Amazon's Black Friday deals now.


Hey, What's up? This is Ramsey's Job. And. I. Go by the name Q Ward and We'd like you to join us each week for our show's Civic Cipher. That's Right. We discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics, to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. We're Going to learn how to become better allies to each other. So join us each Saturday for Civic Cipher on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess, well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girl's Trip to Miami Mess, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live living, it's kind of mess. Yeah. Well you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Fa on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, 5-year-old Cuban boy Elian Gonzalez was found off the coast of Florida. And the question was, should the boy go back to his father in Cuba? Mr. Gonzales wanted to go home and he wanted to take his son with Him or stay with his relatives in Miami. Imagine that your mother died trying to get you to freedom. Listen to Chess Peace, the Alien Gonzalez story on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.