
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Piece Of the planet Charlemagne Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars In the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Capital P. Hey Asha is back.


P Williams. Welcome. What's good? How you feeling? I'm feeling good. I was just saying come in here this time in the morning. This is it. This is nine 10. This is good. You can do That. You can't do the In the morning. The five 30 wasn't waiting. Yeah, when I was guest hosting with y'all. Yeah. Yeah. But I love you. Oh, I love you on the show. Love. Why Was her name Lauren? Like your sister. Yes. I love me a good Lauren. Lauren. Lauren. Yes. Lauren's are special people. They really are. I was just saying this morning how many I have. My assistant is Lauren. Lauren, we have another stylist, Lauren. It's just Lauren's everywhere. Lauren's everywhere. Rich, Thank you. You giving, giving money. Spirit is giving rich honey. The spirit is giving rich Back on Housewives. Yes.


Who would've thought Three years away from the show and now I'm back. It's really exciting to be honest with you. You know, like each season when it comes, you never know what to expect. Like, am I excited Emini here? It's like, you know, feels like a job. But being away three years and coming back is really good for me because I get to see everybody who I had not seen on the show. You know, the fans are back housewife, fans are back. And I don dunno, it was just a big turn of events. You know, like when I first decided to come back to the show, I was like happily married. Ooh, I'm about to really show y'all song. You know, storyline gonna be extra popping. Yeah. You posted that Valentine's Day photo and was downhill from There.


Well, okay Jesus, that you better have the documented Instagram posts. But yeah, it was, it was, it was like that. But as life is, you know, turn of events, it's not always perfect. And so by the time we started filming, that's when the real storyline started. So, so what happened Now though? Because you get a lot of money, Porsche, it's not like you need do to be on real high wives of Atlanta. God has, you know what it's, God has really been good to me three years away from reality. Me. Okay. I know somebody getting money. God has been good to me. Really good To me. Okay. In spite off. But no, you know, I have a certain relationship with my fans. I've been doing a show for 10 years and they're really not fans. I call em supporters because they've been with me through everything.


A divorce, giving birth to Pilar on tv, like ups and downs of life. And so, you know, I really felt like at the time it was gonna be great to share my life, my happily married life, you know? But I, one thing about me and my fans do respect, I'm transparent. So even though it didn't turn out the story that I wanted to share, right, I still was open with what I had. I was saying before you walked in and your team wanted me to tell you too, your, don't forget your coat. Pull it down. It shifts up when you Oh, okay. Sit down. Yeah, but wait, before you walked in, I was saying that I've never met you before, but from Instagram to the show, you just seem like my home girl. Like I wanna drink with you, I wanna party with you. I know so much about you because you are very transparent. I remember when you did the family, like the family series, that Family Matter, porches, family Matter, it was kind of similar where you were so excited to show things and then it just went left and now we're here with the marriage stuff.


So, well I tend to put different mixes in the soup. Maybe I can't cook because why would I have put my fiance and my baby daddy on the same show? Yeah. So yeah. But it makes for great tv Emini here. Even the time I had away from the tv, my sister And I will always say, damn, we wish it was cameras here. You know what Emini here because it's just, some people are just like that. And I've always been the type of person to use my life as a testimony. Right. So even though it's difficult for people to show their lives and talk about it, yeah I get healing from it. You know, from meeting people to say, oh I can relate to that. Or I made some crazy mistakes in love too. Or I believed in negro one time too. Like girl, that all helps you process things.


So Let's, let's, I wanna know, let's start with the divorce, right? Oh, let's do people automatically. People in the morning people assumed it was infidelity, but you know, in the first episode you talk about you would go to the airport and you would always get pulled to the side and you got to the point you was like, why the hell do we keep getting pulled to the side? Right, right, right. What did You call ice on Simon? No, no. It doesn't benefit me at all for him to be locked up mentally and financially it doesn't benefit me. You know, just because you're going through a divorce doesn't mean you hate someone. I hate actions, I hate lies. I hate a lot of characteristics, but I love the person, you know? And I would never wish harm on anybody. And at the end of the day, I know that he's the type person.


He's a slithering snake. He's gonna find his way out of it. I'm sure he'll be fine. Dang. You know? And I pray for him, his family And I hope they all figure it out. But, But you called but he, he But I called him. No, you called him a snake, but the snake got you. Yeah, they do. They get around jean. That whole real, real tight, that whole real, real, real tight. But that's also me Emini here. I love, love and when I meet someone, cancer someone cancer. I'm a cancer. And when I meet someone who reciprocates that, nothing else really matters. It's how you make me feel. I'm very intentional. So if your intentions towards me feel authentic and it feels real, I'm gonna trust that. And that's just how I live my life experience. I, I do wanna say though, Portia, you are a beautiful woman.


Thank you. So I can see why a man would want to be in this country illegally to be with you. So do you feel like you feel like it's kind of your fault? Just a little? Ah, I think it's the country's fault. I think he's having a whole issue that started before I was even born. That's unfortunately it's just come to the shit didn't hit the fan. It just is what it is at this point Forward. So where is it at right now? Because last, the last reports were like, he's detained that it's this and shit was denied. Like, so where is he physically and like what is like what's happening right now? So I only know as much as you guys know and as much as what's online, as far as I know, they've been posting that he's still being detained. So In Georgia, I'm not sure.


I haven't looked into it that much. I just know I'm trying to finish my divorce And I can't do that if I don't have a person to divorce. Really? So you gotta be out to do it. We need to sign. We need to Be in court. Yeah. Well you know, he wanted to have our last court date, which was just a couple weeks a week ago. He asked for it to be in person. I didn't want it to be in person because I knew this whole thing. You know when I got enlightened about those What you mean? You knew this whole thing. So you did call Ace? No, I knew that he, he already had a peculiar situation with the United States of America. Gotcha. And so it wasn't gonna benefit me or him for it to be in person. We had already done a year's worth of the divorce over Zoom. Right. So why in person, why are you fighting for that?


But girl, you would've Showed up looking just like that too. Who me? Ko. Oh well you know, you gotta get in that last look. You would've dang. Period. Now I don't want the divorce. Now you also filed that he didn't want you to to record in the house. Yes. Yes. So I did. But It was your house. Yes, our house. So Emini here, I know he's explained it a thousand different ways online. He has documented our entire divorce on the Simon show online. And then I have the housewives I suppose. But yeah, there is paperwork in place that would make it a marital property 50 50 split outside of that being enforced. It is a premarital property or whatever.


But you know, I am on the other side of this like we've been divorcing now through this process for a whole year. Mm. And you know, I've emotionally I, it's caught up with what I had to do. Right. So like emotionally I feel like I'm ready to be done with it And I ready to heal, ready to move on. But you know, here comes a reality show. So here's the part of my life where it gets interesting. I'm done with the divorce, but I had to deal with it all the darkness on camera. Oh wow. So it comes right back. Yeah. And so now I have to come back. So now I have to be super preyed up. I have to be super vigilant of who's around me of energies. I have to be very protective of my piece at this point because I know what I'm getting into more than any other season.


Right. This season could affect me more than any other salon And girl, this is your season. Like Emini here. You've always been like you Kenya, Nene K, y'all are the OG girls. Yeah. But right now I think we're all excited because you have been away from the show. We know that Kenia eventually exits Nene's not there. K's not there. So it's like Right. We are looking for you to bring back how it used to feel. Yeah. So there's so many eyes and people are gonna critique it so much. So like what's the daily mantra with filming? Because these girls are not, they always gonna give you that protected piece that you're talking about. Well No, 'cause I just met a couple, a couple of them. I know that Show started with BS Little Protect Me. It was like, hey what you stole. I was like, wait, what? So, you know, for me I, I came back into this kind of feeling brand new, not gonna lie, like three years is a really long time from having cameras in your life on a daily basis.


I was looking into the damn camera lens for most of the time. Like I was for, I was getting stumbling over words. It was like brand new Porsche all over again. Right. And then I just said, you know what, I talked to the producer. So this was collaborative me coming back, a big part of me coming back was collaborative. We had conversations, my husband or estranged husband and production about how I wanted to be and how I asked them to be was completely honest. I asked them, can I break the fourth wall? Fourth wall on reality TV is saying I'm late because I had to film my my mama house because it's a cease and deist on my crib. You know what I'm saying? So I told 'em, I said, listen, the only way I can do this is to just speak my truth and be 100% honest.


You can edit what you gotta do later. Right. But for me to get through this at this dark time and losing like my person, I have to be as honest as I possibly can. And they agree to that. And I feel like they stuck with that. You know, I gotta see the show. But I feel like they stuck to letting me just live authentically. So did you see the first episode? I did see the first episode I did. What did you think? Because I feel like they got you walking into bs. Yeah. Like, like they, they show this whole grant thing and you working on this, you going to the attorney, you're doing everything. Yeah. And then you walk right into the bullshit. Yeah. Homegirl is like Kelly. Yeah Kelly. It's like why does she steal that lady's man? Right. Husband. Yeah, whatever. Let's explain who Kelly is. Don't know Kelly.


So dang without Kelly. This Kelly. So Kelly is, she's one of the new girls. She owns a waffle business and yeah, that's all I can Remember. So she Emini here, listen, real Housewives of Atlanta has never really let brand new people, possible fans of the show be housewife first season. They normally play friends for a little bit then become a housewife. Right. So when you have people who she can be queen bee of wherever she's from, but you still feel like you have to act a certain way to be on housewives. And I think that's what that moment was. Okay. Because at the end of the day, who doesn't know the story of me and Simon who doesn't know what actually really happened with that enough to say who stole who, who stole what?


Like, you know. So I just felt like she was wanting to have a moment and I was dismissive of it. Like ain't That's wack of producers Though. She's a little delayed. Little delayed. Isn't that wacking of producers too though? No. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Okay. So this season the producers did not overproduce us. They really didn't. And and that's the case. They Didn't have to from the, from the start. No, no it really, it really wasn't like she felt that way. She felt like she wanted to to ask me that. And she wanted to have a moment. But you look whack doing that and she eventually straightens up. But you know, she had to you as a new girl, she coming in thinking I ain't gonna make a name. I'm gonna come for Porsha. It doesn't seem like you too fond of. But still after she straightened up, by The way, we have a love and hate relationship.


Okay. We have like the, we have, we are literally like, what is it? Oil and water. Oil and vinegar. Vinegar, Oil and vinegar. Oil and vinegar. Maybe they don't, none of them match. But baby me and her, we, we kind up it, we kind of up and down with it. Yeah. It's not hateful. So y'all make up because you, because during that, that little party you were like, I don't wanna say little party, but during that party I don dunno what it's gonna look you was kind of like gonna Look like I think she And I argue a lot but I don't know if it's gonna look as hateful as my arguments have been in the past. Gotcha. If you've known my history on the show, when, when how I keep wanna cuss so much this morning. Isn't it this outfit? I feel like a Bitches, bitches. No. When people, when people when women used to come to me on the show, I used to beef with them the whole season and it got so dark.


This season does not go that dark. We have funny moments. We talk about each other, we Kiki and yes we argue but it's not, it's not enough to break sisterhoods. Gotcha. I saw Dr. Simone Whitmore call you a mean girl. Why does she say that about you? Capital P. You so nice. I Dunno, I don know it. I couldn't really understand what she was saying. I think Simone is reaching that straws. I Emini here. I, I don't know. I think Simone is full of it. Just like that piece of doodoo she had on her head. Like she just, she to me she on her show sometimes when you are on reality tv, right? She's A-A-B-G-Y-N. She started on a show and you know she was a regular person and now on the camera, sometimes when you start lacking in story you start lacking as a person individually you start just reaching and coming at bitches who are on point.


So she's lacking. So when people lack, they try to deflect and come to you. I we Didn't see Mean girl this Episode. I've never even met episode met this person. I wasn't even, you never even met her. I've Never even met her. Oh Wow. But I'll never met her. I will say I think a lot, even if you've never met her because of how like it's been a lot of seasons of real houses of Atlanta and we all feel like we know you guys. So maybe that's what she felt. I don't think you give mean Emini here girl. I think me, I definitely get with a bit like you can you can you, you hold your own Well If you knock on my butt. Yeah You definitely Do. But that's the old Porsche. I take that back. I don't do that no more. Right Lauren, we not gonna see that this season. I've been looking forward to it. If Somebody Emini here I do get at but But if somebody ducks in you bucks, that's actually of God. Exactly. That's right.


The first love of nature is self preservation. You gotta defend yourself. You have to defend yourself. She Gonna use that. She gonna use that. I just like remember that real A guy. Yeah. No I think mean girl is when you have a cast member who had a deaf in their family and you are still hard on them sometimes you gotta know when someone needs a hug and not a lecture. And Simone does not have that sense at all. I just feel like she has been very mean and a little bit evil to some of her castmates. Yeah. I didn't get Mean girl from the first episode. I got late. You was late. I was late but I didn't get Emini here. I Didn't get mean. Girl you, I try not to be late but again, logistics behind the scenes things that you will see got a lot going on scenes. You don't know I had to film at my mom's house because you know I couldn't film in my house at the time and she lives out in Duluth baby.


And that was on a Friday in the rain. So wait, before we go to your question, you talk, you're talking about filming at your mom's house in the house because on, I saw online that you, so you weren't awarded so possession of the house? No, I was But You still can't film there. So I was so no, here's the thing. I could film, I could do what I want in my house. I could film like a whole porn on my house. I could do what I want. Right. Oh my God. Why you go there? Everything go there. I know I ain't had none in a while so I just had to think about it. But okay so I could do what I want in my house. However, he sent the cease and assist to Bravo. So when he sent that to Bravo, they don't wanna play with that. Right. So I needed to get a separate document that said I can film in the house to give to them so they don't have to worry about him harassing them with legal things.


Right. Gotcha. But can he send anything legally being that he's here illegally? Let me Google that. I'm not an immigration attorney. Yeah I don. But if he has an attorney he could send whatever He wants. But I would think everything he sends is null and void. Yeah. But bro I'm sure don't wanna fight that. Well let's Help. So I Wanna ask you about the Samo thing. 'cause she said I think she was, if I'm not mistaken, correct me Lauren, she was saying that F left her show to come back with you. Yeah Because they freaking back. So it's like now the reunion of the them as a friend. She was basically saying that Frank And fracking over there to check was whack like house. Okay. So that's what happened very well. Because I was gonna ask you that because Fre comes in later in the season. I'm like was that switched because what did you need the friend or like did it the money thing we always need, We always need phr.


I don't give a damn. We always need the legends of Real Housewives of Atlanta. There's just certain situations to where we can't have some of them back. But if there was a, where there's a will, there's a way I wanted to have PHR back. The cast wanted PHR back and Bravo wanted her back in her home on Housewives. So what's pH's Bravo this check over here on Housewives looking like. 'cause she left the whole other show. Well she done made that check and cashed it already. Oh you worried about the check You done already cash? No, shouldn't Have cashed that check. She coming to get this check. Heard You. Damn that answered your question Checks everywhere. Yeah. You said they they what checks are everywhere? Checks everywhere. Oh yeah. Everywhere. Now how tight are you and Drew? Drew? You know what Drew is? Some people you just realize, okay you just a little, Is she still an ambassador of Go Naked hair?


Absolutely not. Okay. Go naked. Hair is precious hair brand. I can't put my hair on people's head and then they think they're me. Like that's what I can't do. Like that's what we not gonna do. You don't become Porsche by wearing Porsche's hair. You need to just enjoy my hair, take it out when it's dirty and put it in back in when it's clean. You know, like you can't just like all that. She is a, she's the okay person I think for a lot of her friends. I think they love her. I think they trust her. I think if you're not her friend you shouldn't trust her and you shouldn't be around her. Okay. So with you saying you shouldn't trust her, you shouldn't be around her. And she's not wearing Go naked hair anymore. You were not at all. And I saw it kind of in the first episode. You're not happy about the allegations that she might be in a relationship or whatever with Dennis your ex.


See this is why I like Breakfast Club. You asked the questions that need to be answered. Okay. So here's the thing on the show, I don't know how it's gonna come off again 'cause it's just the show has to sensationalize things. Right? Right. So how good is it for me to be going through a divorce and I'm still jealous about my baby daddy. That's bs. Right? So in real life she actually was trying to film with him behind my back. And when you, He's a music producer, right? Huh? That's what it said on the show. He's a music Producer, right? Yeah. We can start that portion. He is whatever he say he is. Okay. Right? Yes he is. He is all, he is a a serial entrepreneur and apparently a music producer. Producer. Right. Okay. But she was trying to film with him behind my back and that's just not cool.


Come on. We housewife wait filming him on the show as A film with him on Housewives. So it's just not cool. Right. It felt like a setup for me in some way. And then also there was a go naked photo shoot she was trying to set up without me knowing anything about, I have to prove everything. Some of them fits. I it's not fitting for you. Right. So, or some of them looks may not be given the look. So I would like to as the owner of the company, be a part of any of that. So when those two things were happening behind my back on my business with my business on my show. Yeah. I have a problem with you. So You didn't know Drew was recording with your, with Dennis. You didn't know anything. You didn't know that they were speaking. You didn't know that they were talking holding hands into that first episode. Holding hands To the club. That's what they said on the episode.


I didn't know any of that. So you Found out right then in that episode? I what's so funny, I saw the episode and she was like, she asked him And I said yes. And she talked to me And I said yes. And I'm like, that's just not true. Like I genuinely didn't know. Look at the end of the day, like I told Shamia, if Drew and Dennis wanna get together, I just hope she can do baby hair for Pilar. Like I'm happy with Drew. I think she's a great parent. I think if him and her were to get together and you know they could have a solid relationship, that's good too. Just don't screw me where you asked me to come back to be. She had been asking me to come back to Housewives and when I came back, this is what you had waiting on me, this wax storyline that y'all came up with.


Oh. So I see what You're saying. So if it was real you wouldn't have a problem with it. Of Course not. I've never got, listen, the on everybody knows Dennis And I have a great co-parent relationship and it is strictly because his personal life is his personal life and mine is mine. So He didn't say nothing to you at all either. You found out on the show. So y'all didn't have no conversation? No, he ain't gonna Tell me because he could benefit off me finding out on the show she surpris Surprise, surprise, surprise. Yeah. That what he wouldn't know. I thought you and Dennis was homies though to the point where like he would've called you like Yo p this is what's happening. Like, y'all seem like y'all have that really like a friendship still? No, Not about his personal life. Oh wow. Yeah. Not about his personal life. Now I found he is the one who called and invited me to her birthday party.


That's when I was like, that's a little picture. Like why are you inviting me to her birthday party? You know, I called her And I was like, oh, I can't come, you know, I was like, but Dennis invited him. She was like, oh yeah, I forgot to tell you about Dennis. Yeah. We're working together. I was like, okay. Like You still love Dennis. Cool. Yes. Yeah. Not like, you know, please don't take that soundbite like that Emini here. Yes. As in that's my daughter's father and, And I want the absolute best for him. But do you love him? Like still let him sweat on you type of way? You should have said sling hot dogs. That's What you should have said on me. No, No, No. I can't even, I and, and you know, this has been a period of time I've been divorcing a year, you know, and a lot of people move fast even in their divorce time.


I just don't see him in that way. I just don't. I, And I think because it's because of Pilar. You don't play with that. You know, I, I'm already going through a divorce and she's already, you know, losing someone who she called a stepdad, papa, et cetera. I don't wanna play with her seeing me and her father be in a relationship and then break up. Right. That's not responsible for me. So the love I have for her just causes me not even to be attracted to him in that way at all. 'cause I just don't, we have so many ups and downs. Our relationship can be toxic at times And I just don't wanna enter into that space with him. You have a Great relationship, parenting, co-parenting. You have a great Relationship. We have a good co-parenting. Well I am single right now.


So we gonna see how it works out when I get somebody. Is That hard to find somebody though, Portia? Because you are also high profile. No, for me. Yeah, for you, because you're high profile, you on tv, people may not want to be, they may not want their life involved in that. True. So certain caliber of people I do, I do tend to attract a lot of opportunists. Mm. So yes. The people who probably are opportunists and who are in their own lane doing their own thing and don't wanna part of anything I have going on probably tend to skew away from trying to date me. Right. Which is the, the downside of being a reality star. But I just feel like at the end of the day right now, I can't even think about that. Like I can't even imagine me like being with someone else right now because I still have the energy of my husband around me.


Wow. I do. So when that's done, I think maybe the atmosphere will be like her king is coming. So do you have to get not an African, huh? Not an African king. But wait you, you, I'm just No, I love African men. I just, I was gonna say because you know I was just back in January, I I know girl, she got that girl, girl, girl. You know how to follow somebody. Girl, follow me girl. Back in Ja there was a video of you and the Nigerian guy, I don't know how you say his name. Far, far, Farook Farook. So that's not bay? No, no, no. All. Was it bay then? No. So the culture in Nigeria, you know Nigeria is a great place. First of all, everybody should visit Nigeria. But when you are from outside of Nigeria and you come to Nigeria is best to have a host who is there who knows everywhere you need to go.


Buckhead cannot be safe. Sometimes places in Nigeria may not be as safe sometimes for women on their own. So when I took Fedra, I had a host. Mm. He was our host. So yes, I knew at the end of the day when I saw it on blogs, I was like, I can't help them thinking that because I am with him for breakfast. I'm gonna be with him at dinners, we're gonna go to lounges, we're at all the clubs because he is the person who is showing me around everywhere. And it was a kiss on the cheek too. He kissed all his friends on the cheek. He got a lot of friends. He was kissing on cheek. I'm just saying that's why the people was like, oh this is her man. Yeah. But You know, I'm not that young anymore. I can't really be the type of girl that see you with other women. Yeah. Like once I lock on you, we locked in. So you know, he, he's still young and he's still doing his thing.


He's one of the big guys out there. But I, I'm, I don't, I don't share. It's interesting to see that narrative because I think at one point, especially when you first met Dennis on the show, they tried to make it seem like you were just like this careless, like dating whoever, whenever, whatever type of person. And it sounds like now you as a mom and where you are now Yeah. It's like a lot more protective of your space. Especially because of your kids. So I'm interested to see how that plays out on the show. You know, It's unfortunate we want women to be soft. We want women to be open to love. Right? We want women to love, love and give men a chance. But the women who do that we get beat on. They drag you. Right? Yeah. You know, everybody's upset with like a J-Lo or a Kim Kardashian or Elizabeth Taylor. But we want men who treat us well. We want men who are gonna love us and who we believe we can love back.


But why isn't, why aren't we empowered to be able to walk away if it's not right? Right. So wouldn't that mean I would be dating or be with multiple people a hundred percent over my life. So, you know, it's, it's rough as a woman out here, you just have to have thick skin and trust yourself and make good decisions. If I was dating somebody and that was my guy, trust me, everybody knows I will claim him post him and all of that make you sick about it. And But every relationship don't have to be public either though. It doesn't. It doesn't. But you know, I don dunno. I guess it's the cancer in me or the Nigerian in me. Like I'm loud with it. Like if I love you I want everybody to know, you know. So I'm really gonna have to talk to my therapist because I think my next one should be quiet. You, you said something that was interesting.


You said that you can't get the energy of Simon off you. What makes you get the energy of a person off you? Like Lauren got sage, your sister got this sage. She could, she could. But you know this divorce, it's gonna take some time. It's gonna take time to the public. Our relationship was so sensationalized that I don't think they saw it as a real relationship, but I genuinely did love my husband And I had all kind of plans. If you have ever been married in a long-term relationship, everything you do, you're considering that person. They're a part of it. Yeah. So everything I'm still doing, I'm having to piece him out of it, you know, and I'm still in our home.


I would like to redecorate or do whatever but I gotta still wait to see what's gonna happen with that. He And I stop talking about Simon, this is not true. You wrote this. Is this true That you me, I don Dunno what you said. Is this Real? We don't even know what it is. I don dunno. They just handed me that. What does it say? This can't be real. They just handed me that. I have no idea. Oh Wow. Okay. So Lauren, look at that. What is happening? We need to you need to call. You need to call. Yeah.


Sorry, I'm just playing. I made that up. That's What, what happened? What? Y'all scared me? No, I don What does it say now? What does it say? You read that I was gonna let it go. I was gonna let it go Until you said you call. So lemme tell you what I was scared to. I thought God, I really didn't know what, Here's the letter. So what Charlemagne put together and lemme tell you before the interview, he didn't tell none of us. Right? I thought it was something with me. I Seen him laughing and giggling.


So we knew he was up to something but he even planned it 'cause he had somebody walking it in the, the letter says Porsha yo, what's with You right now? That is not funny man. It's not funny. You wanna throw A boiled egg at him? I kept it just in case. 'cause I thought he was gonna do something to me. I knew he was playing something. What is this boil egg for? I was gonna throw it at him. Throw It at him. You play too much man. Matter of fact, slice it in half and throw both. No you play too much. This guy is crazy. Crazy play too much. You Play too. Don't throw Gonna mess up. You should seen your face. This is, I don know this is this. You know people online of course they're making jokes like oh you know she called or whatever. This is like a person who I have shared a life with.


I don't want nothing to happen to him. I don't want, I didn't want him deported like at the end of the day this shit scared me. I was like, Mr. Mental health just threw you off. Huh? I don you. Right. But you Like, do you know what I'm, I don dunno What's going on disrupting my piece. I thought all of my thought something happened to somebody because you look like you were about to cry. Yeah. Alright. Woo shot. Woo shot. That's crazy. Back to the show. Go to show back to The show. There was a lot of men that were happy that he, that that happened to him though. They were. Yes. Because how do you feel about you? Because they wanna Hide. Well and that's the scary part about being online. Like going in on a personality that people actually like you don't know who could have done anything. Yeah. You know what Emini here you, you just don't know. But honestly I don't think anybody did anything to him.


I think that sometimes actions just kind of end up where it is. Were you upset that he didn't tell you that he was facing all of this or that he had been dealing with this for years? Emini here. I filed for a divorce. Right? Yeah. You know I just feel like Anna in any relationship, especially mine, I thought we had the Charlemagne to God here. And


I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit star's original series Raising Canaan is coming back. The new season of the Family crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Stark originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the Roofless villain that fans have known in love from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premieres March 7th only on Stars in the Stars app.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor's State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Best communication. Like I was so proud of how we communicated, like that's a part of what made me trust him. I have been harmed by men in my past and and in many ways. And so it's hard for me to trust. It's hard for me to like truly love. And so people will look at him and look at me and be like, I don't understand the correlation. It must be the money. How I already had a lot of the stuff that I have now. Then anyway, it was meeting someone who really saw you for you, who you can talk to, who was a man in their word. He always did things that I felt made him trustworthy for me. If somebody says something and they do it, say it. Do it, say it, do it. Why would I think I would have never believed any of this stuff?


Like I stood 10 toes down to the very, very end. But you know, I worked very hard in my life for what I have. I worked to protect my daughter's future, her financial future, her emotional future, everything. And at the time I needed to do that in order to protect that. Gotcha. Not saying it couldn't have been turned around if we had better communication, but at that time I had to do it. I had to stand on it. So if, if he would've told you what the situation was, you Would've I begged. I begged to tell me. Wow. I literally damn begged there. When did you find my find out? Sitting right here was the timeline. My sister sitting right here. She knows nothing could have made me. Lisa Simon. He was my person and he probably is.


He's just not honest enough to stand next to me. He probably was scared from afar. I Could love you because he thought she was gonna Leave. Yeah, I can love him from afar Sometimes. Did I have a conversation? Why? Why he didn't say you? Yeah. Well if you are the type of per Emini here, if you, if you are not telling even yourself the truth, how you gonna tell me Man? What was the timeline? You said you begged. So like how many before you filed for divorce, how long was it that you were like trying to have these conversations? Trying to get out of him? Trying to just be like, yo, I wanna know what's happening. Like I wanna save this, I wanna figure it out. Well I didn't just, it was the accumulation of things. It wasn't just, oh I found out that you could be deported because at the end of the day I was telling my people I can take the kids wherever he is. Like I'm a ride or die.


I can take them wherever you are. I love to travel anyway. We love to travel. It's not necessary for him to be here. Right. And honestly I thought we had enough money where we could live in Dubai, we could live wherever. So being deporting wasn't a that that the deal breaker. It was the other things about his past that I didn't know about. It was things I was beginning to be involved in that could have had me in trouble. Clint Klatt. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I just felt like this is something I need to do until maybe this will trigger you. Sometimes women or men will file for divorce to trigger the truth out of their spouse. Mm. Because for whatever reason they don't think they can tell 'em. Right. But you almost wanna say, well you'll lose me if you don't. You'll lose me if you don't tell me.


And in this case it still wasn't enough. Wow. Oh, So when you first initially filed for divorce, you just wanted him to tell you the Truth, I just wanted the truth. Wow. Wow. I wanted, I wanted to know what was happening. You can figure out from my first marriage, I learned that a partnership is something that you can take for life. You know that with your wife and with your wife. If you have a partner standing next to you can fight and deal with anything, forget love. Just the fact that both of you guys are in the midst of it together. But as soon as I realized in my first marriage that I was not a partner, I was underneath, I was with someone who wasn't gonna be everything I needed them to be as a partner or see me as a partner. I knew that in this relationship I wasn't gonna do that.


Right. I would never have gotten married again if I thought him And I were not best friends side by side partners. I, I honestly wish in a different realm I could be sitting here fighting for him as opposed to fighting him. You know, a divorce is like a death in the family and for me I, who wants to experience that. That's right. But now let's, I wanna go Kenya Moore, the fact that she was taking off the show. What are your thoughts on that whole incident that happened On the whole incident that happened? I think it is, I think it just went too far. I feel like Kenya came back this season and she definitely, well not even this season I, 'cause I don't know what she was doing the past three 'cause I didn't see it. Right.


But the Kenya that I saw this season was not wanting beef and drama too much. She really wasn't on too much of that. Like you can even see that in the first episode. She really kind of chill with it now her normal self. And I just feel like mixed with the newbie and some things that were said that were dangerous from the newbie, I felt like Kenya then decided to be even more dangerous. And, but I do feel like there's a space where there could be a conversation with her and Bravo. I feel like there could be a conversation with her and Brit and hopefully they can figure something out by next season. What happened on when y'all shot the Upshaw? 'cause we had Nini up here.


Yeah. And she said you blocked her from being on the Upshaw. No, she did it. She did the show But she, no, you wouldn't do it with her. So no, it's not that I wouldn't do it with her. So I signed on to do the Upshaw And I had just filed, I think could have even been a week and a half prior. So you know how you signed up. So mind y'all, when I filed for divorce, I did not know I was filing for divorce. I was happily in love with my husband. Like we were good Valentine's Day. We had a horrible argument. Things got really nasty And I knew something was about to hit the fan. Right. But I did not know. So when it happened, I had already signed up to do the show And I really couldn't cancel at that point.


So when I got there, I just was sitting in the, the green room or the waiting area And I just like start breaking down. Oh man, I just start breaking down. And then I started, then she was in the room next to me And I heard, just hearing her voice broke me down because I just felt you in a, when you're going through divorce, you just feel so alone. And here I am just a foul coming outta my room. Emini here I could barely put on makeup. And now here I am on a set with strangers. I don't have anybody just hearing her voice just, it was just too familiar. And you know, I had not talked to her. I didn't know how I could face her. I didn't know how I could face anybody. So it genuinely wasn't me saying, no, I don't work with this person or that person, whomever.


'cause I agreed to it. I just wasn't capable of doing it that day. Mentally and emotionally, Mentally and emotionally. I could not gather myself at all. So when I spoke to them, they were like, you know, I understand you're not gonna be able to act as a housewife today. They ended up letting me go home and then they said, we'll fill you in, we'll fill in your spot with Cynthia. And then after that, in true meaning fashion, she just turned it into something about herself. And it genuinely wasn't about her. It was about me. You know what I'm saying? Like her actions of like taking Simon's side and hanging out with him with women or whatever they were doing. It just really was null and void to me.


I just would've wanted a friend so it, you know, for her to turn it and make it like I tried to block her money or whatever, me block Nene's money. How like nene's a star. I can't block your money. Just like nobody can block mine. I don't give a damn who you are. So it, to me, it's just unfortunate. I'm too grown. I'm sure y'all can see I'm a different Porsche. If I was at another Porsche I would put reading her and her wig or whatever. But I, I don't feel that way. Like I feel like we grown people, girl, you know how it is to go through a divorce. You know exactly what emotions I could have been feeling. So all, all the extraness is just not needed. I only one real, She said, she said that Portia wasn't here for her. Right. Portia wasn't there for her when she was going through when she was grieving.


That's not true. I was out of town and flew in for her husband's funeral. No, I'm there for my friends. I was, I don't think she said that. I, and if she said that, I think she would retract that. 'cause that's just not true. I'm always there for her, maybe even more than she was there for me. I didn't get a phone call from her when I got, when she saw on the news about my divorce, you know, she was with him, which is fine because in a divorce you gonna pick a side, you gonna pick a side. And we had a lot of friends as a couple. I'm an introvert, but as a couple we were extroverts, we were out there. We had, you know, we would hang out with couples and travel with couples. But, you know, and so then when it breaks up, you can't, I can't judge if she wanted to go over there, who, who knows, she may think he right and I'm wrong.


Mm. It is what it is. How was your relationship? I know Shamir is your best friend, but how was that dynamic? Right? Because you know, I, I seen on the show she was like, your ex or your husband, your ex-husband, I should say text her. How is it that it still stays in the system? That gotta be a problem. I don't know where that text came from to her or her calling him, bro. I, I don't know. I don't know. But at that time of going through a divorce, I don't even have the mind space to think about it. Like, you really think I'm gonna go home and think about, huh? Why was he texting her and congratulating her and she calling bro? Like, no, all you, you are literally just walking through life like you are getting up, going through your day and honestly a part of the show is work.


Y'all like, it's work. So I'm clocked in. I'm not sitting there, you know, thinking she's trying to do anything to me. Thinking anything behind any of it. No, I don't, I don't think she was trying to do it. I just, it just gotta be a constant reminder. Like I'm trying to get my own space. Like leave that on the other side, you know? But I'm on a show that's about my life, so I am expecting them to talk about it. I am expecting them to ask me about my divorce and him And I, I am expecting that. So that was totally fine. Are y'all like at this point, what are you, are you and Shamia as close as we've always known y'all to be? Because the first episode kind of gives that, you know, Shamia is now coming into herself on the show and there might be a little bit of tension because of that. There was a moment where she's like, okay, like this is my new car, girl, get to the left. It's not about you right now.


Yeah, that was, And I said that was a little weird. I was like, ooh, I ain't never really seen that from Shamia in B. Yeah, it was weird. But also, you know, it's the whole environment. Emini here in true housewife fashion, who doesn't love to talk crap about the person who's late and make them look bad or whatever. No one knew the reason why I was really late Emini here, I didn't get to tell her till we were in the closet while I was late. And at the end of the day, I did walk up while she was enjoying her car. But in my brain as my best friend, I'm like, oh, we both about to twerk on the car. Like, bitch, you finally did it. Like you got that Rolls Royce. Like, so I thought, you know how you go to a party and you're like, I don't wanna miss them getting a birthday song. I don't wanna miss them cutting the cake. Yeah.


So the production was trying to tell me, Portia, hold on. Don't walk up to her while she's doing. I said, no, no, no, no. I wanna, I don wanna miss her getting her car. Yeah. But I can see how it came off. Like of course the other girl, she's walking in her moment, walking in her moment. That's my friend. Like I root for her regardless. Emini here when I didn't have, or when she didn't have whatever. Like I want the best for her. I'm happy for everything that she has. So, so now that you, so now that you guys have gone through this season or whatever, is the relationship still the same though? 'cause it's just a very, like, what conversations do y'all have after a moment like that? Because I've never seen that dynamic. Well, you have to understand, like I just said, I was oblivious to how the narrative was being painted.


Oh. So That's a conversation happening right now? Probably. I Knew I was late. Wow. But I knew I was late because I filmed in Duluth. Yeah. And it, there was a camera crew with me, wasn't like, I was just somewhere lollygagging I was working. And I knew that when I got there I didn't wanna miss her big moment. 'cause I got there just in time. So I didn't understand that. I, I now see the narrative of, oh, Portia being late trying to steal her moment. Why on earth would I bring my friend to the show or encourage the show to bring her in this moment as the main character and not be happy for it. I Think the show's trying to put y'all Against each other. Yeah. That's what it's, it is given that, well that is, we're gonna see what Storylines, we're gonna see what we're gonna see what it gives.


But even With Kelly, what, what that's name Kelly. Kelly. Kelly made that, that funny. Kelly made the comment in, in front. Like, I, I feel like they're trying to pitch y'all against each other. You can't let them make you the punching bag all season. Yeah. Yeah. But she's the, she's the girl this like that. It's her season. So she's that the Emini here and, and not even just I'm that girl or queen of show, whatever. I like those accolades. But no, it's, you get two Peaches. Do I Get two peach? I'm standing up in the middle like this. No, but it's like, I feel like at the end of the day, I, I'm a vet, you gonna have to come and come at the top dog Emini here. I'm sure they're gonna come in Kenya just like they did. They gonna come at Ara. You gotta come at the OGs. It is what it is. It's just the name of the game. Right. It's just, I feel like in, in TV it's hard because you have your reality of what's happening real time.


Then you film it and then you probably get over it and then you watch it again. Right. And some things could be hurtful. The editing could be hurtful, things could look dismissive. Things can look like what it's not really is. Right. So Have you had to call her and do what you just did and be like, yo, taking accountability? I didn't even know it could come off that way. I apologize if it did. Like are y'all doing that at this point? 'cause you're watching it back now. Genuinely. It wasn't that big of a deal to she or I got you. It really wasn't. Okay. Maybe it was by the time she got to her confessional and they started asking her them probing questions. Right. But at the time there was no feeling, no bad vibe about me being like, this is my friend. Yeah. She knows exactly where I'm filming at. She know I can't film in my crib. You know, she know what's being blocked over here.


I'm just trying, I'm just happy that they still filming my ass at the end of the day because how you filming a housewife without a house. So I'm just thankful and grateful to Bravo and to all the other girls for stepping up. I'm glad that her moment was so huge. I love that the way they showed it, they really showcased her. I love that because on an ensemble cast, the worst thing is to be just the main character on your own. Right? You want everybody to carry, hold they own weight. And I feel like she carries her own weight. Kelly does. Brit does. All the girls do. So please shine. Do You watch every episode? Do you watch the episodes or you just, am I watching it? So I have to. I have to. Wow. But this season I probably won't watch all of them because a lot is some darker moments. Yeah.


I was gonna ask you, it's a little bit difficult. You said you have to We used to when we did blogs. Right. But now, unless I'm doing press and if it's, if I know it's a a light episode, I watch it. But I really don't wanna see myself with the flashbacks and the tears and some of the things I've already healed from. Gotcha. You know, you said you like seeing the OGs on the show. Would you welcome Nini back? Yes. Yes. I would welcome her back. Emini here. It ain't gonna look like I'm welcoming her back. Let me get that straight. We gonna have a time in the beginning. But I'm, I'm for what's good for the show. But I just feel like realistically, as much as we all love Nene and Emini here, miss Nene, realistically you just can't sue a network.


You cannot say things about Andy Cohen that are that damaging and expect that bridge to still be standing. So unfortunately, I just don't know if she can cross that and come back. I just, what about, I just have one question. When did Porsche's confidence change? When, what was that moment? Right. Because when we first seen you on the show, your confidence level wasn't as high as it is now. You weren't as comfortable as in your skin. You wasn't ready to clap back. And then there was a change where it was like portion and change and it's like middle finger to everybody. Right. When did that happen? I think that happened when I gave birth to a human. Mm. You know, And I had to be someone that she can look up to.


I could not be weak. When you become a mother, you be, you have this natural instinct to be protective. Your heart is outside of your body. Most delicate thing that could kill you is right there that you have to protect. That's right. So if you protect your child, you now know I gotta protect me. So I'm super protective of me for Pilar. So when I say it comes to my mental health, like you talk about all the time, I put me first. I love my daughter. I love my family. And when I was married, I loved my husband. But I put me first. I put my mentality first And I protect my peace, my energy first. Because if I'm good and I'm making sure I have the right synergy around me, the right atmosphere, the right people around me, then I know my daughter's gonna be good.


My whole life is for Pilar. So what you see now is just me growing the fuck up. I'm 44 years old at this point, capital peak, Capital P. And I make my own money. And I finally as a people person, decided to celebrate myself. Like even in my down times, I still try to think about what I have accomplished. A lot of times as a reality star, we get talked about, oh she just a reality star. She ain't got no talent, she whatever. I'm a multitude of things. I have done a lot of things in my life to arrive where I am and have the status that I have so I now can accept it for me. So that's pretty much where the confidence comes from. I got one more show question 'cause I know you also are acting too. Okay. You got a lifetime situation we wanna talk about, but Kenya, so I know she's not gonna finish out the season because of what happened with her and Brittany, but they were saying that she could come back potentially season 17.


Who Said that? I thought that she was only suspended for the rest of 16. No, I be saying that in real life. I thought she was only suspended for season 16 and could potentially come back for 17. Though I would hope that's true. I I just can't see. I'm in 100% agreement with her not being here. I would love for her to be at the reunion. I'm for what's best for the show. Mm. And I loved where Kenya was going. She's not that happy with me right now, you know? But that's okay. I've always been that type. I don't give a damn how you feel about me if I'm always gonna speak the truth. So, you know, I feel like at this moment, no matter what, I feel like it would be good for Kenya to be the reunion. And I feel like she is very articulate and she can speak to Brit and she can speak to the cast and she can speak to the fans and she can find her way back next season.


So I think that that could be a true statement. Are She not happy with you right now? I thought y'all were doing better this season. She didn't like when I said that, when I compared her to Brit And I said they were similar And I said they were similar but I, I meant because they're both fabulous. They're both to me speak their mind like, you know, she, when you don't like somebody, you don't wanna be compared to 'em. So. Right. Got you. But whatever girl I got hell I gotta talk about you, you a part of the show. Don't you wanna be talked about? I part of it's kind of crazy though. I didn't even think about the reunion. Like the fact that she won't even be on the reunion who said That it's possible. I'm still hopeful. I'm still hopeful. She is. She's still a big part of the show. She's not the show she didn't make or break the season.


But Kenia is a person who I've been doing this with for a very long time. And for once we were possibly about to have a season of not being foes. You know what I'm saying? Fare. I have to say when Fare came in, she helped to elevate the show as well and keep us where we needed to be because everybody been wanting to see her. She's been gone the whole time. K been gone. Yeah. So, you know, it's, people wanted her back And Kand has been really upset about how Kenya's been treated by the network. She's been very vocal about that. And then Fager coming back. I don't know if K's too excited about that as well too. But yeah. Do you feel like the network protects you guys the way that they should because K that's what K's saying. It's like the network didn't protect one of their stars, which is Candy. I still work for the network, so I don't share certain sentiments.


Okay. Let's be clear. All right. I'm saying that I think Kenya deserves an opportunity. Opportunity. Mm. And an opportunity can be given to anyone. You can always say no, she can say whatever she wants to say to Brit, the cast, the crew and whoever, and they can say no. But I believe she deserves that opportunity. I ain't say a damn thing about the network. Love the network. Talk about all this money you're getting pampered by Porsche Lifetime Series. Yep. The Go Naked hair, the, what is it? The Lifetime movie? Yeah. It's Detective Ebony Williams in the upcoming Lifetime movie. Single black female three. The final chapter. Yes. Yes. That was, that was big for me. I always wanted to be in a lifetime movie. I am obsessed with Lifetime and I am amongst a cast of great women who've been, they had two other movies.


This is the third installment, the last one. And I played Detective. I look totally different in this movie. I even stopped doing Botox for this movie. I did. I was like, you know what? I'm not doing any Botox. I want my whole face to move. How does I Gotta look at the trailer. Oh, it's frozen right now. I hope so. No, but in the trailer feel line. No, no, you look good. But in the trailer. 'cause I know when you saw those Botox, there lines in there Every freaking line. I got lines on my forehead, I crow's feet. I got all of it because the, the, my raw is so different from who I am. Right. Like I'm an alcoholic. I'm a bit of a stalker. Like, you know, I ain't gonna say who else, what else I've done in that movie. But I, I think it's gonna be a good look for me in the acting world because it's totally different from me playing myself and a lot of other things that I've done before.


You Turned out a lot of acting roles. Who though, right? Yes, I have because I, I also have, well what am I, my mom told me not to claim that no more. But I'm one of those people who starts something And I don't finish it a lot of times. So I'll like hyperfocused on something and then all of a sudden I hyperfocused on something else. So at a certain point in my life I was really hyperfocused on acting. I was going on stage plays with Vi Fox going on tour, I'd done movies, I've done a lot of voiceovers. And then I was like, oh, I just wanna concentrate on go naked hair and pampered. I don't wanna do anything outside. I'm a business woman. And now I'm like, you know what, it's time to pivot and back into that because I can naturally do it. Like I'm the type, I have a photographic memory.


I can literally read the script that night and it'll be in my mind the next day and print it. I I got one last question. Will a Nigerian man get another shot? Or do you feel like the stereotype is true? And all of them are scammers now? So you just done Well I'm Nigerian, so, okay. And I don't know what you mean by all of them are scammers, Emini here we live in the United States stereotype, which is the biggest scam Emini here. Our entire government is scammed and a fraud and taken advantage of people. So I feel like when it comes to Nigerians, of course I would date another one. You know, I would, I would marry another one. I wanna love and marry who is gonna be honest and love me. I'm not ready to get married. I'm not rushing into none of that Emini here.


Unless I was about So you Say that now girl. Unless See by the end of this season you'd been like, oh, Portia got a new ring. I know. And it Be, you wouldn't get married again. I would right. I would get married again. Why? Of course. So just because of him, I can't get married again. I can't enjoy the comfort and the security of being, I love being married. Yeah. Yeah. I love being called somebody's wife. I love waking up every morning sitting at your feet asking you what you need me to do. Like I, I just love that. That's in me. I'm a southern girl And I think that's probably why Nigerian men and like men of wealth like me because I am very submissive and I'm very loving and I'm very, even though I'm all that I am boss bitch. Yes.


I can shift that a bit for my man. Do they have to have wealth? You know, I was thinking about that. I was thinking about that. And I think if I didn't have a daughter, they don't have to have wealth. They do have to have self. So you need to be self-sufficient. You need to have your own business about yourself and you need to be able to come in here if I get pregnant and provide for our child. So no, I don't want no completely man who's building from scratch. But no, he doesn't have to be wealthy. What is wealth? Are any of these men really wealthy? Is any of the money really real? Like we don't really know at the end of day? Are you gonna do like a background check? I know one thing about it. I'm a wealthy woman. I am a probably a rich man. I all my shit. You're Probably a rich man. I'm Like, all my stuff is legit.


You can check my bank accounts. It is what it is. You can see where it came from. My taxes not a man. I gave birth. Hold on you Said it. I don man though dreams Saying I ain't gotta look for a rich man boss. I'm the rich man. I'm, I'm, I'm what? I'm what I'm looking for it just in the mail version. Got you. So you know, but I do, I like this new conversation of like Dolly Parton. Oh, RIP to her your husband Died, died 68. Yeah. But I liked her relationship. Like they were separated a lot of the time. It's in space physically, but they kept relationship strong. Like I don't feel like I have to live with my husband Shirley. Ralph does that too. Yeah. Shirley, Ralph And I loved when she told us that.


I don't think it has to be traditional. I feel like my next relationship will not be traditional. So you mean I wonder what that means in the between time Be it be a little bit open. So, okay. Oh, you would do an open relationship. Really? Not with another female. So you could go and have another man but he can't have another woman. I haven't found one who's gonna allow to be Baby. If you know one, lemme know. But no, they don't allow that. They don't allow that. I just mean as far as like your tradition of him having to be in the house. Got you. I honestly could be in the house with just my baby and be good and then we come and visit my husband. So you need A break sometimes you just wanna break sometimes. Yeah. And like I always used to kind of tease with even my husband. I'd be like, we could have separate bedrooms. Like why not? Why not have separate?


Just think about it. Why not have separate living spaces and then when you wanna meet in the middle, you meet in the middle. And if you don't, you can comfortably go in your room past gas, sleep, you know, not wash your makeup. Like think if you fit. That's, you need Have enough houses though. Emini here. You have enough rooms in your house to be able to do that. So why y'all didn't just do it? 'cause I also like to be under people. That's why I'm so confused because I watching you. I'm confused. Yo. Like My, my me my man. So I'm sitting here like girl, What I think I was talking about more so when we got old. Well he already was old. I was about to say when we got older he already were old. But Course you don't know what you want. Well she just want love. It's fine. I could, I could be with a husband and him not living in my house.


I think that's possible. Maybe I'm just talking about a businessman who travels a whole lot and least to my face. Could he A girlfriend face? No, I'm not gonna tell him he can have a girlfriend. But do I Emini here? Do I got eyes on every single thing? No. Yeah. So cheating don't get caught. Basically what you would say, No, because then that's also saying it's okay to cheat. So I'm not gonna say it's okay for anybody to cheat. I would love sexually. Lemme tell you this right now. And being a woman who's about to be super single after this divorce, I am not about having sex with a lot of people. And no one should. I am a big advocate for women. Pick your one person. Okay? Now whether this you have a relationship with him or not, situation, shift, whatever. Pick your one sexual partner, get tested, make sure you know what he's doing.


Make sure his health is important to him. Not just that he going to get tests for you to see that he wants to make sure that his body is healthy and that he also has integrity with who he spreads his penis with. If you meet someone like that, stick with them and then just date everybody else. But the, the issue comes in because I be there too. But then you stick with that one person, you be trying to date the other people and then it's like now in this person you develop the feelings and you're comparing other People. No, y'all have to be scared together. Meet you. Somebody who's scared together. I am actually scared of these streets. I am not looking forward to being single out here and being tested in these Streets. Especially health wise. Health wise. Emini here. Atlanta is number three in the AIDS department. And who knows what other diseases is out there that we all, you know, the people got out there, the other people got, but no, I think sexually have one partner and get tested with that partner.


That's it. I I don't think there's anything wrong with you're saying, but you have to tell the other people that you're dating that they not getting no sex. Oh they No you not. They know they getting No sex. They how they Know that there's certain things you, they not getting sex. You think they dating y'all just because they want to date y'all or you think y'all just got conversation. You sex not people Do date us just today that people do take us out just to be in our presence. Us on truth. Stop, Stop hating. Be hat. But what the hell? What? No, they be hating. But what they don't, what y'all men don't like to understand. And I think y'all get it, but y'all overlook it. 'cause you wanna feel good about your own selves and that's y'all own thing. We do compartmentalize y'all. Like we have people we call hate. I just wanna go out and eat. Have a good time. Hey, travel buddy. But you still not, I have friends that travel with men that don't have sex with them and men.


Gay men. And why are they not stylists? No, hold on. We did not say that. The intention of sex isn't there for him. Exactly. We're not saying that he doesn't want the sex. You, you are men who are, are in a space to take care of a woman and make sure she's good and not not require sex. And when You a b and she, they just See, see how long it lasts. It may last for, you know, it's a good time, not a long time. So maybe like a little one year relationship. Yeah, because the Guy about 89, he just looking for company. What's The next man I'm with? I really wanna be attracted to him. Like I really wanna be like, I wanna be really attracted to him, man. Stay in What I need.


What need? I want you to look, what was I today? What Time this morning when I was saying like, I, I feel bad be feeling like no, from everything from your look to how you dress it. I wanna be like, oh my god about my next person. I tell you I wanna you how Me, you just lay there and you just wanna kiss him. Y'all, you could just wanna like, I wanna look at your face. Why? Talking like she options. That's what we want. What did I tell You this morning? He told me you gotta basically pick and choose. So like if he can't dress his, dress him up. And I'm like, I don. No, that's true. See, dress him up. But hold on. Don't dress him up until you marry him. You want your wife to be like that in it baby On. Don't you agree? Dress them up, put a filter on them, do all of that and then you leave them. Take it all back. Jesus Christ.


P


Ladies and gentlemen, real housewives of Atlanta comes on this Sunday. You everything Gonna Be and peacock and we appreciate you for stopping. Yes. Thank you. Capital PORs Williams. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunts to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season premier raising Canaan. March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live music. South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025. So by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the


lineup@sxsw.com. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.