
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life.


Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


KFC, chicken and waffles. Fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We got the cast of the Wire. Well some of them ladies, women. Yes. Yes. I'm gonna say their stage names. You say their real names. Alright. Alright. We got Poop. Trey. Oh, Trey Cheney. I gotta say. Okay. Chaney. Chaney, Trey Cheney. Moie. Trey Chaney. Bodie. JD Williams. We Hi son Johnson. Uhoh on Juan. Oh, you wanted me to get that one because you wanted me to mess it up. You what I'm saying? You was saying Wan, but it's Juan, right?


Oh, and Juan. And Juan and GL Welcome fellas. How y'all feeling? 23 years more than number the Jordan year. Lord Mercy. What does that mean to y'all? When y'all hear that? It's, it is crazy to me because I always tell people, see this the first time in the minute we been together and and doing an interview. And I always say when I get interviewed, I don't care what none of y'all say, we didn't know what we was doing. Yeah. Shooting that motherfucker. All we was trying to see was whose call time was the next morning so we could go out and get something to drink, hang out for the night. Emini here I was on a continuous from Eyes, so I knew we had something special.


I had picked that up. I picked that up. Plus it was the first time, like I'm looking at people that's coming up that I was watching. They work the same way they was watching my work when I did Oz, everybody was already kind of famous already, you know what I'm saying? But when we got here, that made us, And I saw, I saw that work coming down. I knew the thing. The thing with me, nobody don't know The Wire was my first job as an actor. So that was my first time I ever audition for a role, first job. So just being around these guys, I'm like, yo, I remember asking JD a whole bunch of questions, bro. What is, what is a trailer? You know, what is, what are they telling me to do? Like Rehearsal? I'm, I'm like, all right. But you know, like I said, man, it be here 23 years later and still just getting to it.


You know, everybody Healthy living and breathing. S that, you know what I'm saying? Emini here. It's just, it's a blessing. I'm glad People find it new every day. Somebody find a show every day. So it don't really out the show more popular now something years later than it was When's none of y'all knew it was gonna be a cultural staple? Nah, nah. I felt like it was crazy. Never tell me that. I ain. I ain't know that Hell from Baltimore. You damn Right. It's Definitely a cultural staple when you Moving around anywhere in The World though. They know you. You know what Emini here, like somebody might just stop and say man facts, run them lines real quick. Emini Here they throw you, they quote your lines, you know what, Emini here.


So it's like, yeah. You know, but it is like the study part of it. Like when I first came on set Tread tell you we was right there. We was in in Tr and we was running lines and just was like, what? What else you been on? I was like, this is my first time out. Right. He was like, your first time out where I say first time on the block, Like Block. So we was shooting in the funeral home in Baltimore like, like broad daylight funeral home. And we was there. A lot of people don't know the 12 hours. 12 hours hot days. Right. Turn around. Yeah, Turn around. So we out there, we busting it and we randomized. We were out there, it was raining. We take breakfast for lunch. It was just a family and we still a family till the day. Yeah man. Now I wanna start from the beginning. The wire. So when y'all got the call to do the wire, break that down when y'all first read the script and how did y'all know that y'all wanted to do it?


So they, I initially auditioned for We Bay. See That's right. Yeah. I initially auditioned for We Character And I remember going in there with Pat Moran out there in Baltimore and she like, yo quote this monologue. So two weeks later I get a call. She said, oh we got some bad and good news. She said, the bad news is you didn't get the characters. We be, but you was cast for the character poop. Hmm. And I was only supposed to be in the first two episodes in the first season and then spoil alert you end up getting poop all five seasons last man standing. You know what I'm saying? So I was just happy, you know, getting that script. And throughout the years, throughout the seasons, it never said I was getting killed.


You know what I'm Saying? Because that's The thing with The Wire. You never knew. You never knew was getting off. They didn't tell you before. They were just, you get the script and you read. That's like when Snoop shot at me, you know what I'm saying? They like poop falls to the ground, he's bleeding. I'm like, okay, this is it. This is it. And then I woke up, take this into consideration Tre, how you just said that. I don't know if y'all remember or not. The Y almost ain't even take off. Yeah. Because We auditioned before nine 11. Ooh nine 11 happened. Yeah. And the, and shit was shut down for three weeks. At least he's not. I'm on Staten Island. Right. Anything to lower Manhattan. So that was Holland Tunnel, the ferry and back out and the Brooklyn Bridge in Manhattan Bridge was shut.


Right. You could only come in from GW or the Lincoln Tunnel Facts for three weeks. I was selling sneakers at the time. So I was just busting these moves back and forth. Right. You know, over the witch call as soon as they opened up. But the thing is the callbacks was after they opened the city back up, Alexa Fogle office started calling us back. Forgot about that. I forgot all about this shit. That's true. I ain't think so. When I went in I auditioned for DeAngelo. Oh wow. Yeah. Shout out to Larry, Jill. Man y That's our brother y Do that. See down there it was open. 'cause Baltimore was open on highway. It Was. Yeah. We was turned up. So actually when I auditioned, I auditioned for Marlo Stanfield. You Jamie Hector. Damn. I, I auditioned for Marlo and then when I got the call they called me back.


I was actually coming back from Houston. Was Steve Francis? Mm. And I got the call, pat was like, Hey baby You out news, I got good news. And she gave and she was like, you just landed Slim Charles on HBO. And that was it. Movement, not character one Slim Charles, Charles Alexa character one. That ain't it. She told me, she told me I was gonna be Bodie. Like I said, I wanted to, I wanted to audition for DeAngelo because I was like, I just came from playing a tough guy for all these years. Y'all gonna make me worse than I was already. And then she was like, no, this your part. Read this part. Just go and do your job. I went in, came out and they built on the character so much that didn't know where it was gonna go.


They knew but I'm glad in my audition, I think we was there. David Simon leaned over The clock and said, he leaned over The clock and said, we babe. And I was so hot 'cause I was tearing my shit up. I was in the zone. I about the fuck is we, I, I caught myself. I was like, yo, hold on. Relax. But you know when you in the room, that's your moment. You can write off take it. You could go off in there. You could go off As long as it taken or so they threw me off. But I caught it. But that's what they was saying, like that's what it is. And that guy, this guy, you're that guy. But you gotta get in character though. 'cause like I, that was my first like audition. So when I read for Marlo they was like, you know that's crazy.


You don't care about nothing of Hoodie. I threw my hoodie on. I went in there and read for it And I was like, yo, you know, it was like, what's your name? I said, Marlow. He said, what's your name? I said, Marlow. She said, what? I, he Had the part right there. Don't you understand Marlo thought you audition different roots. I said my back because that was my first Audition. So she said no that was great. That was also, I read again and then I came out And I was like, so what I supposed to do now when she like, no we gonna give you a call. So I didn't really know. That's why I said we ain't Really know what we was wet know KD Already knew in the play jd. I didn't Know that was my first, First time on the block because I should see y'all in the club every night with me.


I know. I surprised that they even made it. That's just proximity. That's proximity though. Show every night and they twisted come twisted. Come on now man. I should sit right next to you and just behave. I'm, we was getting arrested on the weekends. Bailing out one day. I think I was the first one. I got arrested in DC I popped over in DC course that club Dream. Dream. Oh my god. Some ball players was in there. What was it they played for football team? They played for the raid. They was college. It was college dude. It was some young nigga. Yeah. And it was him, me, him, Idris Nick. I popped on this club out.


JD never changed. They and that's stepped to the side on us. Yeah. He ain't jump. What happened to the side on us? Y'all gotta do a fight. Yeah. And Dream Club dreaming like when Fred was with us, but he, here's where Fred go Star. That's my bro. He gonna go, you ain't had to head off, have fight. I was like Fred family though. Smack Every night is like you get in trouble. We smack every night. It's like you get in trouble and like George and Dave and them is like the the the big, the uncles, they come to bail out because I got know when I was getting On the show, I got locked up for a gun.


They had me in legal tabs and everything. They came to court for me and everything. They came to court And I was like this here for me. And they was like, nah, nah, it's good. You got your wife Mean the way that we should have because we didn't get in trouble the right way. You know what I'm saying? We was quiet. We was quiet. We had respectful each other. We didn't, we wasn't just completely messing up. Yeah. If we would've got had some type of scandal or something like that, it would've caught on like the second season. First season mailed me out like twice like this in the lobby at the precincts. Yo, you know what's so, you know what's so crazy bro? You Know what's so crazy? Social media wasn't what it is now though.


Absolutely not. So all of the stories and things getting locked up in different situations like that. It wasn't video like when y'all was in the club. Rum. Just think now that's true. If that was it, IIT Shit, this is what I would never, This is what I would never understand about Hollywood. Everything they say doesn't work always works and works in historic ways. Not only was the YT name the greatest TV show, the 21st century majority black cast. And you telling me that that was, that was like a lot of y'all's first time even Acting. That's crazy. And they didn't know what they was doing. I'm shocked Hear that. That's insane. That was crazy. 'cause it was like we was the largest African American cast in the city ever.


I About to say 30 principal role. Everybody had a Would talk. Everybody had a main character. Facts. You know, it's crazy how you keep up with that. So H does Hollywood convince people that black shit don't work? I don't know because behind the whole but behind closed doors, you get them exacts respectfully and tell you yo high, y'all are the ones we get all our shit from. Y'all Emini Here we the blueprint, Y'all story. Y'all keep letting us do it. I said, now how the gate keep telling me that, how did this one work? That's Rubik's Cube. Another thing Hollywood, most of the time they only want one at a time. One or two people at a time. That's real. So they gonna squeeze you in and squeeze you out. You out. If you figure out how to make your own niche, then that's it.


But most of the time they not, they not gonna grind it out with you. You stay on fire. You stay on fire. I man, I It'll blow your mind. I read for so many rows. Yeah man, my hair be spinning boy on this. They be like, what you doing? I'm reading kid, I'm reading. I just read for this. I just read for four episodes on FBI, I don't know if I'm get it for this red For that. You sharp in the blade. Keep Sharp. You know what, Emini here Sharp. They Can't have a good TV show without somebody from the Wire on. It ain't no show out right now without somebody from Me. And JD did six seasons on Saints and Sinners, bounce tv, Hulu, me and jd. Okay. BMF season two and season three, me and jd. You know what I'm saying? So like us being like the dynamic duo that started on the wire together was homeboys on the wire.


Now it's I think Saints and Sinners though we was, we was at odds, Right? Yeah, we was enemies Wes We had to lock In like we ain't messing each other like that. You know what I'm saying? How much Of the script was improv though? How much did y'all improv? Did y'all go off script? Because none of it seemed Like not a lot. See I don can't, we didn't have improv. That's how Ill it was. It was all on the paper. Yeah, they can't, they don't let you do like, you might Just say one word hundred. That's Adlib. Yeah, the Ad lib. But they, they want that. They say cut. Hey you need your line. Yeah. Run the miss line. I always said I don't, I don't want nobody to say throw me my line facts. So I just Closed the door. I cut everything off a study. But yeah, the ad level, they don't really go for It.


Like respectfully. I did not say, or the ad-lib or improv that Knicks line in season one. Wow. When DeAngelo come back And I said, he said, what you doing? I said, I'm watching the Knicks. Fuck they draft far. Right. That's exactly what we may said. Wow. I was like, you wonder how they let me in the garden after that? Yeah. He yo, but I, but David wrote that. I ain't say that they would, David would let me get away. He would let me get away with a lot of stuff like, but I would test it out first. Right. Like I would use it on one take and then if they don't like it, they Just say don't do that. Yeah they do. But then most of the time they say, say that again or do that Rehears. A lot of times I used to like, and that was because also with the, the dynamic that my group, my crew had right.


We had this Philip kind of space, you know what I'm saying? We got Andre Royal Bs over here acting up. Then we got us having this communication. Then we got the young boys. So it was always something in there. But, but most of the time, like you said, especially because we had to figure out that be more dialect a lot of times. How was that? That was hard. We ain't, I trying grand opening, grand closing. We ain't doing it. I'm saying. So it's kind hard. It's hard for like New York like to get the accent. But see I'm from DC Facts so it's like facts. The chew the duck, you know you can get into what Emini here but can Stand like a damn DJ Baltimore. Baltimore will pull your neck out if they know you faking it.


You can't, you can't drag it too long with it. Right. You just gotta do it like see like even with New York, like when I did The Deuce, yeah. I had to learn dialogue, you know Emini here, we shot that, we shot that in Brooklyn, then we went to Silver Cup in the Queens. So I shot that whole show. Right. We was back there, we did it and it's just like you gotta sit outside of New York to smell the air to know what a New Yorker go through to feel it. You gotta get in that into that character method. So it's like bam. It's right here. We here. What's next? I ain't wanna get stuck with that accent. I think, I think that depends on the era in New York. You gotta turn it on. Like Snoop New York Son is New York new.


He passed New York, New Snoop with Felicia. She as years ago she got that. She got that Baltimore do that. It's in her. Oh No it that's Snoop. Listen. Can't Baltimore, If We don talk like that, y'all would've never understood nothing we saying And then like Snoopy used to be like this. She's like this bro, come here. Say it like This. Yeah. Nice. Not like that. And I be like all And I was so Baltimore. How Was filming out there? It Was fun. No, that was fun. Shout out They got, they got the food coming out. Meth was getting his hair braided outside. They opened you up but when you messing that money up they'll let you know Man y'all, y'all got going to block yo yo.


It was a couple set too. Like really? Then they was like really? Sure. Yeah, we Went to shut down for a little 10 minutes but yeah, day wasn't packing Up though. They weren't Sure. What about sound like it was a rain, little quick rainstorm. What about the rats? Let all of our food, Hold on, lemme say this one time. Hold on. The rats. The Rats was come out, we shooting At that scene. We be shooting the Scene at night. They eat all our food out. No, We was shooting a scene. It was like maybe five below out and be more. Yeah. And we took a break. It was me, banger, Felicia, couple of other people and they ordered pizza.


Yep bro. They had like 10 pieces on the thing. Shit was like the Pizza, cold delivery to the Red. This big B more jumped up on the table, knocked the pizza in there, everybody broke. Then They just came up. Ed was pizza. He jumped on the and my line jumped on the joint, knocked the whole boxes off and then everybody just bumped big joint. First Big Ben, he jumped up and knocked everything down. Big Ben and me and Mike seen with the, with the shootout when I shot Mike. No when he shoot me. Yeah. Yeah. There's a rat running across the shit in the background. 'cause I got scared to death in the episode.


The Jokes like this and be more looking like he Like dogs, Puppies. No, that's true. Damn crazy. Damn. Did y'all, did y'all see, did y'all recognize the greatness in Idris back then? Did y'all see where it could go or was something like Yeah, because Idris was funny. I met him. What's the hotel on St. Paul right downtown. Tree Treat. Double treat Tremont. Nah was the Treemont didn't remember that from Tremont. That was the, that was the joint. Right. Met is the first, the night before we fell all. So boom, it was the grant and the foreman fight Grant and foreman for it. Grant and foreman Grant. Holy Phil. Holy Phil. It might have been holy Phil and Grant fight that night I met it Idris in the lobby.


We was gonna walk down to the harbor to the Hyatt and watch it down there. Yeah. IRA's talking regular with a, with a regular accent this whole time. And got on the phone with his daughter. Mother stood up on I And I stopped. We walking down the block. He just started talking that that chatting started that London shit. And I stopped. We kept walking and he finally looked back like, what nigga? I was like, where you from? You over here acting like you from the Bronx or something? Nah, he was practicing on us. But you So I, I knew it right there. Like he, he one of the one, one of the things, it was a scene where we did with me and him sitting in the car. It's the scene where my character does this with his, with my waist.


And we was sitting in that car for a couple of hours and we was just talking And I remember us getting to the point And I was like, yo. 'cause he wanted to have this magazine in the car that I ain't gonna get too deep about it, but they told him not to have it because of who was on it. Right. So he was like, I'm going after this person anyway. Anyway we gonna leave that alone. So anyway, we in the car And I'm like, you know when you leave here you you gonna be that guy. Like, he like, well I think a couple of us gonna do it. I'm like Yeah but like you kind of like right under Denzel looking like Yeah right. Looking like you about to go to Denzel looking. And he said I don see But it was crazy because when it was time for his character to, you know, to happen. He didn't want that. He did. Nah that morning He was mad as as acting him on because We was filmed.


We filmed that whole morning Yo. Right. Remember we filmed that whole morning. Came in the trailer. They was like It was A cloud. It was Cloud over was He was mad Stringer got killed off. Yeah, no found out was out until you got the strip at the end. Because look, we used to film, they do the tandems now. So they do these blocks where you could shoot two and three episodes In a week. We really shot the two week episode. So we started on a Monday and we wrapped the next week Thursday. And then it was a rehearsal Friday and backed at it on Monday. 13th time 13.


Change some time. If they gonna change something they'll change it within that change what the thing is, look, when we wrapped on an episode, your new scripts in your trailer, the new script right in your trailer. It is Right there already. So look, everybody started catching on to doing this. Yep. Head out. You good luck out tonight. Somebody always was like, it's tough bro. Whoever Getting killed that Ain't opening that door. It was you had the off Michael B Jordan. They be like, oh that's what you called Michael. Alright we taking you out tonight.


Drinks on up but had to Die. Yo. Especially hype de DeAngelo man Hype man. He, he did that to his own family. I really, I Thought he was going to get rid get away with it though. Yeah. You know What I'm saying? He was able, refresh my memory, who killed Brother Mone was Omar brother Ozone. Who put the Hit in Brother Ozone? Brother Mone. Because remember you shot him. You said who put the hit on that Wasn't DeAngelo mother that was No, no. Avon sister brother Ozone was going back to get the revenge for Stringer set up him up up and Omar joined in Omar me down on the show.


He was supposed to pee on him And I wasn't gonna bring that part up. Bring that part up. Just saying. I'm just saying. So how did Andrew treat y'all afterwards? Did he, Did he ever, did he like Distance himself from y'all after gone? He still gone Can reach him though. Everybody's always reachable bro. We are a family. That's real. It's just like the plate just get kind of thick and you gotta work like we always talk. You what Emini here we talk, we talk you know what Emini here Like Yeah. Iris did the intro for my documentary Undeniable the Trey Cheney story, which all, all of us are a part.


Are a part of. Yeah. And reaching out to him, it wasn't, it wasn't hard to, you know, reach out to him. We all, you know, started together. You know, he might Be across the pond But him doing that, you know what Im saying? It really was a, was a good look For me. You and Michael B Jordan was a young kid at the time. Yeah, baby boy in his death. And I was working with him and seeing his success. Well for me, Emini here off racist me, him and JD always was together on set. Even my my s scenes that I had with Michael B Jordan. And it was, you know, he was special. You know what I'm saying? You knew, you knew you seen that early. Yeah, I, I used to ride in the trailer with him And I smoke sat because I had too many scenes with him but I used to kick it with his mother. Oh yeah. Yeah. I Love how family oriented he was. Michael B baby bro.


Mom Duke, I love you. I don't know where you, she the one got him together. She moms was Yeah. And it was, It was good money because kinda like he said he had a lot of big brothers to watch out for him and what he was doing. Like the way me and him, like he used to come, come out with me all the time. She used to let him come out with me. I took him to Vegas, we went to Magic, you know all the little places. Miami One of the younger ones. Right. Miami. And so we always around, we all got together and he came up with the right mindset and so he was like set up pretty good from going on. Yeah, he was. But when we did this, when we did the scene, we took him out. Y'all had to kill him. Wasn't gonna never work again. Yeah, he that he Messed up. I ain't He that he felt at that time to heat a man right now is crazy.


Right. Yeah. Because he was messed up behind that. He was only on one season, right? He did one season. Yeah. Season One when he Had got on drugs and everything. We smoked him in episode 12, right? Yeah. Yeah. Towards the end. That was The first season. Yeah. And sat up, we set, started crying. We we hugged him up. Right. Told everybody was mad. We said, look man, at the after this episode go off, they gonna be looking for your name in the credits and nobody never gonna forget you. They always gonna to be looking for you. Boom. And Didn't he do hardball? He did. That's why you think the wire could be made today in like the same raw way. I wouldn't have to be sensitive to death. Nah. 'cause it wasn't in HD but you know, literally speaking raw.


But yeah, that too. Another city. Maybe not the white, not Baltimore. Again, I think it would have to be a whole nother city. I don't even Think they'll let them be like they was Nah. How we were, It was too A, it was too authentic Too. It was too authentic like that You start, that sounds like you're human resource problem. More like you can't get no city like chomp city like it is. It was, it is. It's just beautiful. Like the people. Everything about Baltimore, how we shot it. Yeah. The family. It was just a family. It's too authentic Man. And what about the, the extras Like happen again, right? Oh those are all hundred Percent. Did y'all cast the crack heads or they Just was dead?


You see what I'm saying? And and you can't get To look got checked Was right there. They knew, they knew everything about Baltimore to s the alleys. Yeah. Like you could go like whenever you know the scene when I killed the guy in the alley, like you had to like clean the alley like 10 Times. And I ain't gonna say no name, but one person ain't wanna, one person ain't wanna fall in the alley bro. When say You bro, you got the in the alley Bro butt. So it was, it was the movement bro. I say we fall in the alleys all the time. So it's like that's the difference between us growing up and we from the hood and then you get on the hood show it's like it's it is now hard.


It, It's not hard at All. You know what Emini here. So it just was a blessing 'cause I, the show saved my life but I Don't care nobody be no brown it one of the top five gangster characters ever to play. And that wasn't easy. That's a rule. I don't care what nobody say. Like as much as they think it's easy for us to pull out 'cause we from the inner city or this, that the, I got you. No it's not, I don't shoot people. I don with guns. That supposed to be, you know what I'm saying? No, that's not easy difference between growing up in the hood and actually being a criminal. Yeah. There's a total difference. I don know about clacking filling clips up and all that.


They talk about spin and reboot to the wire. What's, what's your opinion on that? Spinoffs or reboot to, but that's when you had said something else Charlamagne, where would you start? Envy, where would you pick it up at? Yeah. Michael K not here, which I'm sure would be a real center rest. Rest in peace. Michael K Williams. Michael K. Right. That's who you would definitely have to have, right? Spinoff. Yeah. He gone. LAN's gone. There's so many people at, but where would you stop? A lot of our brothers, even if you try to pick up off where it left off with, with Mack, with Tristan, when he killed Snoop, he was supposed to be like the, you could follow him or you could follow Marlo wherever he gonna hide out at.


Right? Yeah. 'cause Marlo got out. I bought the, I bought the Connect at the end from Marlo. Went to visit him in jail's a good one. But it was crazy 'cause the whole pod was when Prop Joe. Yeah. You Know when meth when he did that And I killed meth, Cheese, kill Cheese, everything was flipping around. 'cause we had the co-op, we was sitting there, it was on us at first Bodie on us. We was Together. Just start spinning off people. Like Going out. Even even my character, the character Arc from going From the street was in Foot Locker. Yeah. I end up working at Foot Locker. So you never know Foot Locker. So it's like character could come back. You take somebody and move into another city. Yeah. Come to Newark Brick City. That'd be a fire one.


I'm saying, Hey, I up come to two or three. Omar was in New York and then they never even showed that again. Never. Yeah, he did come up. But then he came back. Remember? They, they stayed. They oh to that they told him to leave remember? And I remember that when then he came back, he came back for something. I forgot why, but he came back to get somebody. I just don don't think it'll be able to be written like y'all. 'cause you see, I asked y'all, was any of it improv? It was like real dialogue. I'm from Baltimore. Like niggas talk like that. Like I got a hundred percent My whole life growing up. I literally thought all of y'all were from Baltimore. Wow. Just growing up. I thought all it was so I knew it just elbow wasn't because it was, it was a couple scenes.


Right. When that nigga get mad and he get Come out how many times used to tell him fooling me. Actually that part you might be telling that part. When he tried to get me to kill Clay Davis. Yeah. He was like, Avon come get mad a little bit. Yeah man. Now I gotta ask this name right here. You hate this meme. You Hate this meme. I did use that. Right? Because nobody understood it. Nobody under I knew where it was from. You knew what it Yeah, that's right. Nobody understood it.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up. There's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Peace to the planet Charlemagne to Godhead. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try an OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


But then it start catching on. Especially with the younger kids. I was like, oh hold on, I gotta get my uncle on with the short And I gotta educate them to where that fucker, they'll be like, yo, that's you from the meme. But they don't know where it's from. Right, right. You know what Emini here, I'd be like, oh well there's the dopest show in The World. Not 'cause I was on it, but 'cause it's dope facts. And then go check, you know, they go check it out, go check it out. So I I I it made it timeless. The meme just made everything timeless. Yeah, man. It don't get old. It don't get old. It don't get over it. Don't, I can't front You wasn't ask y'all since y'all mentioned them, how, how did, how did the loss of Michael K Williams impact y'all? Man, it was tough. I was Mad. Hey, it it tough man. Remember when we, I was on the balcony in la so I was, yeah, they was talking, we was on the phone, FaceTime, talking, jd, Trey, Mike And I had just talked to Mike TA before that.


'cause he was like, some people was looking for me for a role and he was like, bro, we down here. You gotta get down here. Yeah. Get outta that city. Come down. And I was like, wow. Then he wanted, he called me, bought another piece that they was trying to get me to work on with my band. Mm. Right. Backyard DC So after that I talked to Trey and we was talking and then I had just talked to him and Snoop. Yeah. Then it hit. But that Don crushed me, man. Yeah. It crushed me, man. Slim, I always say bro, bro, Michael K Williams, He, he wasn't, they knew what he was doing. Michael K Williams wasn't an industry person for not at all. He was, he was more so like, bro, how's your mom, dad, your wife, your kids. Like he was, that Was was The World Man and talking to him much before did he passed.


It was just ain't Had hit hard. You understand what I'm saying? Char? Why you say they slimed him? What you mean? Well, like the people that served him, they slim facts. Got you. Gotcha. Because they knew what they was doing. They knew who Mike was and it was all out of bounds and anybody with a heart. That's why when they did catch up, caught up with him, I didn't feel bad at all. Throw 'em under the jail. Nah, I feel you bro. I know hustlers gotta feed they family, but y'all slime my bro because y'all knew they got 'em, bro. Y'all that how thirsty because it was Covid, right? Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. It, it was Covid. So, so so any other, under any other circumstances, Mike wanting to put himself on the front line like that?


Yeah, man. Mm. But Mike a real one too, right? Oh, he, he in the streets. Look, I'm outside. I'm from Newark, east Orange, Irvington, all of Essex County. Right. And for the, I don't know why, but for the last like three years that he was around me, we was always kind of always together in the same area. You and my daughter. That's not Mike was over, my daughter was born after we had finished the show. Yeah. My daughter was born for some reason. He only lived a couple of blocks away from me in East Orange. And I'm like, Emini here. He was on, on the block over there. We can't say it on there. Yeah, yeah. But anyway, but I walked over there with my daughter, you know, first time per person. I'm showing my daughter and everything and, and then going up from then all the way up till now, like we would cross paths on shows.


We did a couple more shows together. Yeah. Yeah. We would just be in the same neighborhoods. Family, friends. That's what it was. It was just something, I don't know why we ended up being around each other so much when that happened. So when it did happen and he had a, a special type of service in the, in East Orange where we were and it was like, you know, that stuff don't feel real to you at first you like, damn, how you do all of this? I know. And then now it's just, and Pictures of you, You do all of this, right? Yeah. In there because he like that he was that hands on he'll FaceTime you like, man, pick up that phone. Yeah. Yeah. Like, and it was, it was just like, you know, you used to seeing that and hearing that, but you don't got it no more. That junk it hit you man.


Yeah. Because Mike had checked for you like, like my story that I'll never forget with Mike. And I think this when I was staying at the Clarion though, up there by the monument on Charles Charleston. Yeah. Charleston, yeah. Charles. Yeah. So every Sunday, Mike go to church. Yep. He ain't come knock on my door to go to church, but at the church he come knock on my door every Sunday and we walk up to the lake, to the mark To the, to the, to the, the what I'm trying to say. No. Lexington. Lexington Market. Yeah. You talking about the, I dunno what you talking about. Get this shit out. Just so we walk up there and go get that lump crab cake.


Reakfast. Yeah. Shout out Lexington french fries. The coleslaw with the crackers and the mustard that used to be $13, the two biggest lump crab cakes in your face for $13. Crazy. Every Sunday I be like, Mike, I got you, you got me next week. I got you this week. Every Sunday church he on the door like police though. You ready? Like I'm coming. You just came from praising the Lord. You jd When he, when he, when he seen us in Atlanta, I don know my daughter When he seen us in Atlanta like a couple of weeks before he passed, we were out there shooting saints and sin and I'm in the grocery store.


I get a tap on my shoulder. Trey, Come On, let's get in the car. That was the outta nowhere. First thing he said, just outta nowhere. I'm like, Mike, what you doing? He like, I'm filming something out here. I think he was doing half Leonard out there. Half Leonard. Yeah. Got in the, with him, it end up turning into a Whole like Party. Like we went in into Joan, he was cooking. He like, call JD Tasha Smith. Shout out to Tasha Smith. Tasha. We Was in there just kicking it, man. Why was his balcony across the street from my balcony from Where we, I know I'm staying at the 12 and the street. So it's like we could kind of see each other. It sound like was y guardian angel For real? That's what was going on. He took your groceries back to his house and Are y'all cooking? No, no, no, no. He's, no wait, hold on.


I was in the grocery store in Publix. We was just staying, I was staying at the 12. He was standing across the street at another hotel. So he was in there with somebody. They were grabbing food. I was grabbing food. He like, bro, come to come to my place. Tell JD to pull up. I'm I'm gonna be over here cooking. Y'all just pull up. So I took my groceries back to my hotel and then I went across the street. J I'm take my food, rest in peace to Michael. K I wanna Ask y'all, how hard was it to break outta your wire characters when it came time to audition for other roles? Man, I'm gonna tell y'all man, I didn't, the wire ended in 2008.


I didn't work again. What they would consider mainstream into 2015 when I booked Saints and Sinners, which was a six season show a job I guess. But being, you know, what they call Typecasts or whatever, alright, I'm going in the rooms with the cast and directors, with the directors, producers. But with me not like booking certain jobs or whatever. I just started creating my own. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So when I started Cheney Vision Entertainment, my company, I'm partnering up with cast like Food with the camera, shout out to my brother. I'm producing my own films in lives. Loving larceny. I'm partnering up with people like Anthony Clark, Dana Freeman. And we just doing a whole bunch of like my own independent projects, which is really, you know, what, what got me to the place of booking what they consider mainstream.


We own this city, BMF. 'cause I, I stood on the streets of Washington DC from third, from 2010 to 2015 selling all of my independent films out the trunk of my car. That was something that most celebrities wouldn't dare do, you know? So it's people walking up like, man, you poop from the wire. What you doing out here? I'm like, bruh, Getting wire. I gotta hit it. The wire was the wire I'm working And I learned And I learned a lot. But if we going to sit up here and consider myself a working actor. Yeah, yeah. I'm out here. I'm out here taking it back to the street. I'm pumping my own website, chaney way.com. And then that led to my man George Pierre, who was casting for Saints and Sinners. Shout out George. Like, yeah, shout out George Pierre. Man, that's my cast. Me for Saints and Sinner. The Keisha co biopic BMF.


Like that's, that's our brother out there in Atlanta. But he called me one day like, yo, I, I heard what you doing in the streets, man. Like you, you pumping your own merch and your own movies out the trunk of your car. And I'm like, yeah man, Emini here. But this is the way that I'm getting it. I'm, And I was like creating, like really developing my fan base because people seeing like a celebrity out on the street. Yeah. Just getting to it, you know, it, it just helped me in so many ways. And now it did. And your work. Like I, I've seen that even before you hit BMF and we on, we on the city, I it's a lot of your projects on Tuby. I've watched them like Yeah, I Appreciate that. Definitely. So he definitely was out here still working on Yeah. I, I just produced this joint called Hidden Lives. Like I said, you know, I, I executive produced I star And I casted my brother JD Williams, Clifton Powell.


It was fun. It was just me, cliff acting Up, getting, yeah, we just having fun with that one. Like I said, undeniable. The Trey Cheney story is out right now on my YouTube channel. Trey Cheney one YouTube channel. I've been putting out a lot of different projects. Definitely. And like I said, these brothers are are just involved in everything I'm doing it, it feel amazing to call them and say, bro, man, let's go get to it. Even doing like the reunion party I don Wild reunion Party. You said what happened? How long it been? 28 years. How many years? 23. 23, 28. The clock is 28 years. Okay. Oh yeah. I can't hear. 23 years. 23 We 23 plus together.


We 23 plus together. It Is just that. So like the answer, like how you say, how do you break out for other roles? Yeah. Yeah. It ain't even so much breaking out. More so than that's what they want. Yeah. That's, they want the, we made a boldy when you come in the room. Right. They definitely do. 'cause it's a, it's something that going viral that's gone viral with you. I do not know where's something you can tell me so I can go watch it. You like, I don't how you know what's best for my family bitch. Oh, what is that about this morning? Kevin Iso dude, listen. Yeah. That was on Flat Showtime. Okay. Right. For two seasons. They weren't ready for us. Oh, they wasn't ready. No, no, no. It was a blessing.


Shout out Showtime now. But we didn't make it to that third to the contract yet. Okay. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? But that's good You got, because it Would've been like, it would've been like, if we do this, not even that, not even that Emini here where the show where the story was going. Yeah. That shit would've changed the spectrum. Like, you know what Emini here, like the, like the, the criteria for for cable tv. You know what Emini here because it's not, it was on Showtime. It ain't Netflix, it ain't Hulu. It was none of that. That's, and they just let me go. They, they let me go. This a classic that's it was like, That was like, yeah, it is. I swear I was Watching Weeb. That's what I was talking about this morning. That was hilarious. Because then Roy, Roy go, you don't have to cussing the two.


And I really go, what the fuck you know about my, that's say that that was one take. I remember doing that in one take and wouldn't have thought that would go viral. See? Right. Yeah, exactly. So what you one J it, it it's them pieces. Man. Like right after that I was on TME Was, So I had to learn that I had to learn like the parish, the, the accent of New Orleans. Yep. You know what I'm saying? So I had to do that and then come right back up. I was on the, on the Deuce with HBO period. Yeah. I shot on Pedro, Pedro Pascal from Game of Thrones. We shot Prospect in Seattle.


I did that. I've been working. But it's like you, I I had to learn to close the door and study. Yeah Man. When I watched, when I watched jd, all these guys, like, they, they know what they doing. You Gotta be able to say the director say, I I like an Juan's work. I'll bring him back again. Yeah. So I, they called me back out there And I shot taste and then they shot the other parts in, in, in China. Came back and we shot the ones. And I was, I played a chef 'cause they liked it what I did in The Deuce. So I be getting my little joints, man. But it like, That was a period. Treme was too Tma. Was it a period piece? Yeah, I had, I had It was a throwback, right? Yeah, It was a throwback.


All that's that's what, that's A good look. That was a good Look. It was one of the musicians in, in New Orleans. It Was an old to the music, music. Like he played homage to the music. So it was like, you get them, you get them rows and then you, then you don't get them rows and you Them Like, Trey used to be on the joint like this, man, I'm telling you bro, they ain't pick. And then I get in there, they say, and why we loved you, but baby you're so tall, Actor look so small. So even All of that, even like Boardwalk Empire. Yep. So I, I auditioned for Don Perley. So when Michael K found out that he said, bro, pissed, why you ain't calling me? I said, I wanted to get in the surprise. So the guy that got the role, he murdered the role.


The guy And I, I gave him a hug for the, the premiere. Yeah. I said, bro, you killed that Joe. He was like, man, when I heard you was going out say I wasn't gonna get it. I said, bro, you are the per, you gotta get bigger Prop Because they like That. They don't Man. Yo, somebody that got a role, he went out for Yeah. He burned that role, that favorite. So it's like, I read for stuff all the time. Like, And I know my brothers know. Yeah. We, we audition daily. You know what Emini here, I just had some stuff. My agent shout out Mr. Ali Robeson, RNA management right here in Brooklyn, you know, Emini here. So it's like, she sent me stuff like, and you just gotta keep reading that Envy. It's a road that I, it's a road that I need to manifest.


Listen to this 13 years, the projects, my mentality is what kid, you talk a good one, but you don't want it. Oh, you been saying, sometimes I wonder, You say you wanna play happy I 21. That's, That's his, but it, it wasn't what you and JD gonna do. Having, having in pro. Well he was kicking h gave me his blessing. Me and h been talking for two and a half years and you know, the press is running with it. TMZ and that'd be rolling Stone. Y'all got that. And right now, bro, definitely like we've been talking and my thing is this, like just studying everything. Like, because the project would have to be about what made them speak like this. Even if we got an idea of why they, they recorded these records or while they were speaking like that it got it, it has to be the backstory, the mindset of why these 19-year-old brothers were, were were doing this.


Have You read Prodigy My infamous life? No, I'm, I'm glad That shit. Should be a movie. Yeah. Should I got a chance to have lunch with lunch and dinner with Prodigy a couple of times. Yeah. And I was in bunch And I was in a bunch of pro videos. I know how Prodigy is And I got a chance to kick it with him even. He was a good dude. Real good. Definitely A lot of respect on that. If that comes around, that comes around, that's On Take. Like, and like I said, man, I'm well prepared. Like I'm, I'm well prepared. I'm, the beard will get shaved off. I'm already shave Y'all Conscious. I'm in the gym at 5:45 AM every morning I'm out by seven. I'm eating. Y'all cut that bathroom. Like I'm, I'm well prepared and Havoc knows this.


You know, we've been having conversations and like I said, man, it is just, and And I seen my brother JD Williams is Prodigy and, And I got Start from the beginning. You gotta start it from hitting it from the back. How changed? That's a song Y'all generation Ky, that's a song. Hit it from the back. His mob's first song that went commercial. Got you have to go through the whole thing. And how facts, how the Dunny Sunday language came. And I said Know we the, just the conversations behind the scenes. It's like all, you know, whenever it come into fruition.


But I'm, I'm gonna bring this into fruition man. That's Why you gotta read my Infamous Life Facts. Literally it tells you order that now you gotta get that. That's the move. Yes. That's the Prodigy more the more Prodigy though. Emini here it is. But you can't tell that he don't tell his story without having having Of Course. Yeah. You gotta go through the whole thing with production. 'cause I still think Shook Ones is the best production. Yo bad. That's that day, that snare that hot. It was a movie. It was a movie. Yeah, bro. Make it happen. Queens Bridge, right. Opened up with Queensbridge. They, and the, so going over there, Queens Bridge. That was summer.


That was summer New York. That just was wreaked to the summer and some violent shit about to happen. So look, we going call down some funding for that. Anybody out there up y already know. Let's make it happen tomorrow. And the family, we would let do it. Me, I'm just, they all know I just, I just stay as busy as I can. I'm back and forth here, Georgia, back and forth to here. I just finished up, like you said, we just finished doing this season of BMF. It's gonna be crazy as hell. I tell you last season, not bad. We don't know. I don, yeah. Honestly, I don know Emini here. Look, the whole thing, that whole debacle or whatever that was, that was great promotion. Like, and so all I know is like, whether Fifth did it on his own or they all did it together, it was amazing.


That was a good take advantage. Mech really Looked sad every day. Yo, I Don't, I don't think that was, This might be it, but they had already, it was gonna be fire big, just smiling. Like and also trying to get into this space that y'all into, not this space, but, you know, so it's just staying busy. But I feel y'all, I I wanna shout out cannabis 10 x because they, you know, for the 23 Year Anniversary of the Y they presented me with, they said, Trey, you in the service business, you be promoting real hard. So this cannabis 10 x kind of 10 x line with my man, VIN, Jason and Holly over there. They like, yo, you need your own strains. We, we need lighters, you need merch.


So I wanna shout them out because like we're talking about doing more tours, you know, like wire reunion tours and really just bringing the cast members together to do these meet and greet panels, to talk ab have discussions about what it felt like, you know, be leading up to booking a wire after the wire in between what the cast members are doing. So Man, Canton next man, those, those my peoples over there, you know. So right now we just, we putting it together, you know. Is that a phone from the Wire that you got? Bodie? Hey. Yo. Lemme see. Why do you have that? Why do you have that? She peeked it though. This is the Same phone that you had when you was on the couch outside on couch running the project.


I'm Nokia, that's a Nokia. Nah, nah. A it's a burner. This a burner for Real. A burner. A no Burner Galaxy is over there in my bag. But I'm saying you That's my jam right there. That's my little jam right there. He got shit because I don nobody got it. And I know people freak out when they see it. I be like, what? Yeah. One, One last question. So look on that. I, I forgot what season it was, but remember when, I think it was the male, one of them congressmen, right? It was like a 'cause y'all wouldn't stopped selling drugs or whatever. So he had a block designated Hamsterdam. Yes. Amsterdam. Right. Hamsterdam. When that was shot, were they all people that y'all casted or y'all just, were they real crack?


Was that like a real thing? Real crack. They was extras. They was extras. But all those people lived there. Yeah, they did. Oh, So that block wasn't abandoned? No, no. They did Live Damn Baltimore Blocks is so like, it was like only two people living in like the whole, that whole block. So it was kind of empty. But, But you know that, But you know, But you know, that was the truth. Yes. Yes, that was true. You really can go right there. That's why I say Baltimore is different Autonomy Go there and they not gonna mess with you selling the bank. Yep. You Don't get locked up. You don't get, you know, nothing. You just gotta Stay there in. That's a lot of money. It's a lot of money in Char City. Drugs don't go out there lot money Vicinity.


You don't and you good. It's a lot of money in Charm City. It was controlled chaos. Literally controlled crime. Real rap. My last question, what, what do people still misunderstand about The Wire even after all these years? Best television show ever. No. That it, that it's not a black show. That's what I, that's what I think. People, yes, that's it's American show. It is about America. It just so happened we telling the stories of mostly yeah. Black people, but it, it got layers. It's about the, how the street affects the police. The police affect the politicians. The politicians affect the street education. So that's what it's about. Corner show Everything. That show taught you everything way put the wires taught you everything about what you need to know about life.


And like I keep saying, it's the blueprint, everything to all the other shows that you see. And that's why you see cast members front of wires sprinkled in all the Other shows. And in retrospect, it, the people appreciate it. 'cause I get people all the time, like on cameo, when I do my little shout outs, I, I'm watching, IM watching the show with my husband. He, he being patient with me, but I don't like all this stuff with the politics and da da da And I gotta hit him with a great season though. And I gotta hit him with a soic. We like no, listen, you gotta stay patient. Be be patient with him because the writing comes full circle. Like I was mad. I didn't watch season two at first. Right. I was like everybody else, like what the fuck Docs like, and then if I would do it over, I would've, I would've traded season two for season three.


I would've bought Marlo in earlier and the Greeks and them later. As far as the story talent concerned. I feel you And I definitely feel you. We Would've got been dope that praise Charlemagne. That we would've rightfully deserved at the time. Yeah. Because If you think about it, we went on hiatus. Yeah. People thought the show got canceled. It never got canceled, Got canceled. Five Took in seven years, six years, six years. And then they just, all the different characters know what I'm coming and the show just went crazy. But You gotta, it was something that was ahead of his time. So when my, when David and them was pinning it, they was like, no, this is the sequence. I know he probably knew it though. Yeah. He like, they ain't not going like this. Yeah.


But you know, it'll come full circle. It was talking about, it was a reason why the Put in there Was everything Comes, my favorite seasons is one in four, One in four for me. In four in four. One in four was the beginning, four was the education with the young introduced. Shout out Tom Wildes, that's our brother. One in four. That's my dog. Show you what your kids was doing while you was doing what you was doing at work. You know what, Emini here, that's what, that's what we need. And like each, you know, I gotta plug my, we got a nonprofit, hugs not slugs. Yeah. And I'm gonna have to get my brothers to come through where we go to schools and talk to the kids. A lot of kids not getting hugs at home. They're only getting slugs when they walk out their building.


Ooh. As a little kid, I was going to school And I, they had a dead body by the trash can still raining on the di and then they finally put a, a top, top Arm, his Bro, and he's still there when we came out at three 14 with the news people and all that. So it's, it's, it's crazy, crazy crazy. It'll mess with your mind. So we, we hugs not slugs and we gotta teach these kids, you know what Emini here, they gotta know, you know what, Emini here, they ain't getting no hugs at home. They don't even know what a hug is. They Don. And also you ain't your brand. Right? Is that your Brand? Yeah. This is Backyard. This is the backyard for like, Shout my wife. We had the Ruth picnic the 31st before June 1st, the Ruth picnic and then we had the cousins festival with, with a T in June.


Yeah. So we gonna be down there too. So shout out to my backyard. So y'all, Y'all don't even know Real quick. I want shout out. I want shout out to my wife Aisha Cheney. You know I, I've been married for 20 years. She made this jacket. She's a one of the biggest fashion designers in The World. I Body, when I walked in here, y'all see that y'all got the new nce And it's only Available on cheney way.com Okay. I do direct to consumer Straight up. So you Come straight to me. But man, shout out to my wife Isha. Shout out to my son Malachi Cheney, who just finished it's freshman year strong at Savannah State University. Do My daughter Martina and my granddaughter Morocco.


Morocco just turned five. You Somebody grandfather, but You look good. Yo. Yo, when I, when I met my wife 23 years ago, I met my 8-year-old daughter. Not only did I consider her, you know, I made a vow to her mother. Not only did I consider my daughter, I never consider her my stepdaughter. So I raised her from the time she was, you know, For the record, your son bigger than you too. We was at the game, We was at the Football game. My son is not Hold up. Bigger, bigger than Straight up, man. Go ahead. Sit down. Football. Yeah, my son almost six feet. But I'm just proud, man. I'm, I'm proud to still be here, man. Doing what we love. That's what taking care of our families, man.


Because I'm about To say, what's the three of us as grandfathers? Yeah. Except you. He over there. I just turned 17 though. Shout out. But Here on my phone, I ain't pop, pop. I know that though. That's what life is about. You wanna get to that age. That's what about 23 years. Three baby. Thank you for joining. Thank you y'all. Man, I love y'all The Breakfast Club. Y'all love, love y'all Back. I love y'all so much. I watched the y every year. Like I never seen it before in my life.


Don't care. I'm still putting people on with it. It's the best show. Yeah. Thank you. It cannot be implicated. Can't be remade. Can't none of that. Jess, I wanna catch you in Blast two. Emini here implicated. I I wanna catch you in my new movie. All y'all. Let's cast me in some shit. Answer is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Shara Coke is back. And it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most. And provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to kelley bluebooks kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.