
KFC. Chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career. The next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Aki here as well. That means we got a special guest in the building. That's right. The young, the lightweight. Everybody's scared to fight if you ask me from York New Jersey. Ladies and gentleman, Cole Stevenson. Welcome brother. What's good? What's good? What's good Fix is mic Shaima. So it's close To the pulse now. You good? He's got All right. There we go. How you feeling? Shit. I'm good. I'm good. Yep. You fighting against Williams Zapata on July 12th, right? Yeah. That's mandatory, right? He is a, he actually the intern champ, so, okay. He got the little belt below my weight class, so I'm gonna beat him up though.


All right. I'm beat him up. Little belt. And he said the little belt, Little belt. What? What do you think of him, his skills, all that good stuff. Nah, he's actually a really tough fighter. He, he's gonna come and put the pressure and he's gonna come to fight. So it ain't gonna be a boring fight. It's gonna be an entertaining fight and I'm just ready to put on a show. I wanna know why everybody afraid to fight. I'm, I don't know if it's afraid of what. Right, but I saw Rollie recently say that you are overrated because he said he feel like you got a weak resume to me. I don't know if you, I don't think your resume is your fault 'cause it's not like you aren't calling out these guys. It's not like you don't wanna fight the best. Yeah, actually I'm the guy that really tried to fight everybody. My last fight, I tried to fight the kid, Austin Guy and he ended up sick and caught the flu and I tried to fight Frank Martin, he pulled out.


So I can't really take what Rollie said. Serious. Rollie been knocked out before And you, and you can't like he A clown. He a clown. So Somebody like that can't call somebody. Like what do you, what's a weak resume? If you won titles in different divisions and he's a former unified champion Besides, besides Tank, what's his resume? Yeah. And got knocked out truthfully And Yeah and got knocked out. So, So who did you, who would you wanna fight? Who? Who would you love to fight that you feel like you just can't get it done? Duck. You wanna fight Tank? I, I don't wanna like keep saying that. I done said it. You Wanna fight Tank. But I think that's the biggest fight in the sport of boxing. Nice. She a big tank Fan. You know she's from Baltimore.


You want Tank to knock you out, yo. Oh, I heard. I ain't saying Yo wanna fight tanking. That's nice. But why do you want Tank to knock you out so bad like That Sound good? That sound real good. But she too little. Too little. I promise you he's too little. And you gonna be surprised that night, matter of fact, you probably thought Lamont was gonna get knocked out too. She Did. I did. Exactly. I did but But not the grease. The Grease with the braid and That shit Hell did. Did the fight with Roach change how you looked that tank in any way? I knew how the fight was gonna go. I bet money and won money that night. I knew exactly how that fight was gonna go.


I had Lamont Roach come my training camp for sparring and when he pulled up for sparring, I kind of knew like what type of fight he was And I kind of image in my brain how the fight was gonna go over him and t And I swear it kind of went exactly like I said. Wow. How you think Who you feel won the fight? I thought Lamont one facts. We could sit here and front on the, No, I'm not gonna front, no I saying not the Grease thing with the little knee I throw Lamar won. Lamar definitely surprised me for So even, even though they didn't call La Knee a knockdown, you still felt Lamar won more Rounds? Yes. I thought it was at least seven five Lamar. Mm How you think the new one gonna go? The one coming up with San, I hope he don't fight. Lamar actually, like, I hope he don't get a ring with him again because at the end of the day, if he lose, it's just gonna look bad on the fight with me.


So it's gonna look like somebody else already did it. He's right. It's gonna, that fight stock is gonna go a little down. But I heard Tank might be fighting Jake Paul, there's still rumors about that again. That's what That's what I heard. Yeah, That's it. What do you think about that fight if that happens? You think he takes it out of real fighting to ah, this is, it is comical now. Well, you Know, it is a business so he probably just trying to go get a bag. So I ain't, you know, I don't knock nobody for trying to make a bag, but I think he do gotta fight me before he retire. I don't think Emini here, it is interesting, right, because does Tank have a, a great resume when you look at it like that? I think his resume is solid.


I think it's just kind of downplayed just because he kind of weight drained a lot of people, so Mm. He ain't really fight guys at his best. And when he kind of fought the people that was comfortable at the weight class, he kind of struggled like Pit Bull and Lamar Rope. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here and, and because he, you know, so accepted by the, our community, the, the, you know, the, the hip hop culture, he became very popular and 'cause he hurt, he knocks people out. But when you think about it, I think the, the, the stigma is the guys, the big names, the Shakur, the TMOs, the Devin, he hasn't fought those guys and that's in the back of everybody's mind. Why don't those fights happen? I Think it's a lot of politics.


You gotta move to mic a little closer. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a lot of politics though. I think it's a lot of people, you know, getting in the way of certain fights and it's also fighters too. Like Tank gotta be the person that says I wanna fight this guy. And when he says he wanna fight somebody, he's gonna make it happen. So it's on him. Did you really just flip with Maroom and Eddie Harris? Nah, I'm just like, you gotta realize what my situation is, whatever I want. So if I want Eddie to be involved, Eddie gonna be involved in, if I don't want him involved, he's not gonna be involved. But I actually like Eddie Hern. I've been telling people for the longest. I think he's one of the best promoters in the sport of boxing. So what do You think about the, the new sort chic that's really been taking over boxing and investing a lot of money into boxing?


I, I like it. I like it. It's kind of like a gift and a curse. 'cause I feel like he wanna make the biggest and best fights happen, but also he gotta know like what fighters is the best fighters. Like he gotta understand the sport of boxing a little bit more too. So I like it, but still it's like I want him to like do a little bit more homework and understand like, who is the best fighters and you want, if you want the best versus the best, make the best versus the best. Not really though. Can you talk about the, the little, I guess not disagreement, but miscommunication you had with him because you, you fought in Saudi against Pat Lee. You, you say you had the biggest bag of your life over there. Yeah. And you made easy work of, of Pat Lee easy work.


And you had a two fight deal with Matt room and then for the zip pay, the fight you put out on social media, they promised me a certain amount of money and now they backtracking on that. But then, then you put out a tweet saying we got it together, we figured it out. So e explain that whole situation. Emini Here, I, I can't really tell all the details. All I'm gonna say is like in business you going to go back and forth, you know, like God feel is he's worth this and somebody say, oh no, you worth this. So at the end of the day, I'm a guy, I stand on principle, I stand on integrity. We got it together. So shout out to Jay Prince. He came in And helped the situation because we, I spoke to Eddie Hern yesterday And I asked him the same thing and he was like, well the original deal was for Sha to fight in Saudi and when you fight in Saudi there's a premium you get a little bit more.


Yeah, yeah, that's what I heard. But since this fight is supposedly gonna be in Central Park, I don't know if it's true that's the rumor. That's why it was a little less. Is that something like that? Yeah, it's something according to that was what I heard. But like I said, I don't try to speak To much. Yeah, yeah. I feel you up for, because you know, What do you think about these people? They was giving you a little backlash though because they said you apologized just to get a higher payday. Did he say that? Did did truck be like all man you better apologize for that And I if not, I'm gonna keep you back. Nah, at the end of the day it was kind of a miscommunication. Okay. Okay. And I kind of reacted quick instead of thinking about what I was doing. So with the miscommunication, I kind of, you know, that's why I just had to, you know, be a man and do what I had to do type Shit. And you said something else that makes a lot of sense.


Who is talking to the Turk Turk about boxing? That's what I be saying. I, I feel as though like, I ain't gonna say the people around em, but I do think that a lot of people need to do they homework enough to understand what's what and once they understand it, just like with this card, they got me the co main event under Edgar. You know Edgar, my homie, I ain't going to say nothing bad about 'em, but I'm the biggest star in the card. Yeah. I'm the guy that's like, people wanna see I'm the, in the biggest fight. I got the best re like, I ain't even gonna say resume 'cause they could, they try to trash it but I got, I got the, I'm the most accomplished too. So just to put me on like his under card, it really don't make no sense. I didn't even look at the card. I just assumed that that was the main event.


I ain't That's what I'm saying. I ain't know he was on other Car. Yeah but I but I heard that it's kind of like what's happening in, in Times Square. They like all made events. All made events. Okay. Okay. You know what Emini here, like kind of co main or Main Main. But like I, even if they was main event, take me off that car. What do you think it that car does? Like nobody really gonna pay attention to it. They paying attention to it 'cause It's me. Yeah. Emini here. You're the only multi division champion. So I I hear you, I hear your argument. But as far as Turkey, I'll touch on that too. He's a real fight fan. Okay. Right. He loves his sport and he, he's obviously poured so much money into it. So he, he, he wants to get it right. He'll take, you know, Eddie Hearn knows the sport and other people so he's trying to make it better.


But when you come into something new like that, you might make mistakes here and there. But I think he's, he's put so much air into the sport, like so much life into it that, you know, these fighters are happy. He is making the best fights to me over the last couple of years. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He tried to make the best fights but it's still, you know, I like, I like the biggest and best fights I wanna fight Tank. Now I was gonna ask, you know what, what's your opinion on the way that these Fights like a times Square fight in Central Park fight and how does that affect the boxer because it could be too humid out there, so, so how do, do you like those type of fights where it's just off brand of what, where it usually is or I don't care where I fight at. We can fight anywhere truthfully. But I think You got lint on your face. I don't want you have you?


No You Right here under your neck Right there. You almost got it right. Looking at that man got a lid on you. Tell tell dude my face man I don saying the Same thing but nah nah, I think that the central park and town, I think that's cool. Like I think you know, people performed in Central Park before so it's gonna be a big event and I'm all for It. Has Turkey, have you ever had a conversation with Turkey or Uj Prince about Tank and like has he ever said that I'm gonna make Tank an offer to fight you? Nah, He's definitely want the tank fight. Okay. He want the tank. Like I said, it's all up the tank so.


Mm. He gotta just come on board and let's make a big ass bag. Let's do it. You, when you talk about fighting outside, do you think there's like an underappreciated mental side to boxing that fans and commentators don't understand or, or or talk about? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. I think like a lot of people don't know shit about boxing. Like I remember it was a quote where Roger Mayweather said, most people don't know shit about boxing. That's a fact. But you know, it, it brings eyes to the sport. You know you got the YouTubers now in the sport of boxing, you got a lot of people that's paying attention to it. So I appreciate the viewers but I do think people need to do a little bit more homework. I think it's a sweet science Emini here. I think even with you, you know what Emini here, like if I've seen people, somebody called you the, who was it recently that called him the best defensive fighter ever?


Was it Sean Porter? I don't remember. A lot of people have been saying that. I don Just say that. So it's just like, it's like a sweet science to what you do. Like it may not be knockout knockouts all the time, but you're a fantastic boxer. Yeah and you know, some nights I may come out there and put on a amazing performance and put on an offensive display like I did with Jemele Hering. So it just depends on what happens that night or what I'm feeling that night. At the end of the day, You think you can hurt Tank if y'all fight? Yes. Mm. Emini here I, you gotta realize Lamont had no disrespect to Lamont either. He had what? 10 knockouts. I got what? 11. So we ain't too far off. And he was kind of hurting him too. So if he could hurt him, I know I can hurt him Too. What about you and Lamont was here last time we was all here And I asked him about you if, I guess if the tank fight doesn't happen.


Perfect. We was talking about if he wins, he said yeah Shakur's on my miss next. Perfect. Perfect. I think that me and him been talking about this for years. So like I already like, well my, my boy I'm real cool with him but we could really squabble at the end of the day. So if it come down to it and Tank say he don't wanna fight him again, I'll go fight with my next Let's talk About your bro Keshaun Davis, right? Like obviously he on fire right now, he about to fight De Los Santos a common opponent that you fought and people were really trying to put y'all against each other. Not, not only in a fight but just like, oh I think he going to beat de la Santos better than Shakur did. Do you worry about that at all? Nah.


'cause at the end of the day I want him to like at the end of the day, you gotta realize when I met Keyshawn, Keyshawn was like 13 years old little bad kid from the gutter. And it's like I kind of like grabbed him up like he is my brother, we da da da. Right, right. Make come better and shit. So it's like now to see him evolving, to see him become world champion, that's something good for me. Like if he go out there and crush De la Santos, that's good for me. That means


KFC Chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan M is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massages seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your O ACEs in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive a all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back and this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait, they won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories.


Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people. Make me feel good about just myself too. Are you taking 'em under the wing and all that Emini here? Yeah, it's like my, my brother. So at the end of the day I'm not, Most fighters are throwing shots at that. They're like man ain't no friends or brothers in this business. I don't know why Shakur saying he'll never fight Keyshawn and vice versa. But if you have somebody that you really close with, you gotta get in the ring and you gotta kill mentality. He gotta kill mentality. It is like what you talking about? I don't wanna hear that shit. So yeah, No I feel You. I'll fight. Tell any fighters that got something to say about it. I'll fight them. Fight me. How about that? How, how difficult is it to not take boxing personal because y'all are going in there and beating up on each other.


You know what I'm saying? Like Emini here it is very difficult. You gotta still understand it's a business and the sport at the end of the day. That's why I kind of used to go wrong. I used to always take it personal And I used to feel like, 'cause it's my life at the end of the day. So now I'm just at a point where it's like I understand it's a business. I understand it's a sport. Just how you say tank going fight Jake Paul. That makes sense. Like I get why you would go fight Jake Paul but just don't retire without fighting me is how I feel. He want that smoke so Bad. You know the tanky j Paul thing is cool if it's a real fight. Emini here, I really mean that. I don't know how real these fights are. Well Jake Paul fights are real. I'm gonna speak on his behalf 'cause I've you know, done business.


I seen fake fights before. Yeah I'm not saying they fake but I think people might hold back a little bit. Who you think you talking about? Like the Tyson fight. Oh That's a Real fight. I don't know if Tyson held. Nah that's a real fight. If put it like this, if Tank don't knock out Jake Paul within 30 to 45 seconds. It ain't real to me. Whoa. Whoa. Why do you feel that way? Nah, Tank Jake is big bro. Jake is Big Tank Is little Jake Paul is like 200 plus on a regular. I still think, I still personally believe Tanks should knock him by. Remember when Flip Mayweather fought Logan Paul You thought he should have knocked him? No, I didn't think he should knock Logan out but he, he made Logan look silly. So Tank with his power should be able to to clean up Jake Paul.


But Jake is way better than his brother Logan. That's the start over facts way better Fighter don't think Tank can knock out Jake Paul Emini Here. It can happen but I don't, I don Guy. I don, I just don't know how that fight makes sense 'cause he's so much heavier than him. So I don't know how they going to make, But we thought about that with the Mayweather Logan. But I, And I was telling everybody, y'all think Logan just gonna come in there and knock Mayweather out and no like Mayweather's the greatest defensive fighter of all time and he's a boxer. Yeah, he make him look, Didn't think that power like I get the power is real. I get all of that but at the end of the day, that's a man that's like almost a hundred pounds bigger than him. So I don't see it. I don don't see no Knockout. So with that said, one of your mentors is also Bud Facts and he's going up a lot of weights to fight Canelo But it ain't, it ain't a hundred pounds But Is it like 50?


It's like 50, right? Nah, nah. He, he going right now he had 1 54 so it's just two way class. But They fighting at 1 68. One 60. Okay, okay, okay, Okay, okay. Yeah I think you started that whole thing right here when you said would you fight him, you asked, you asked Canelo, you asked Canelo Bud comes up to 1 68, would you fight him? And I was about to happen Said I only do it become the 1 68. Yep. Man, I've been saying that for years though. I've been saying for years. I think Bud would be Canelo. I think Bud just got the style that outbox Canelo, I seen Canelo get out boxed several times. So I think Bud is the guy. What, what did you think everybody thought Bud was gonna lose when he fought? Everybody thought he was gonna lose and he came in pissed Charlamagne thought he was gonna lose. He came inside.


I've been saying that for years because I've always been an Earl spin fan but god damn Actually I, I had bet a lot of money that night too. I made so much money that night. I've been in, I been, I was in Kent with Bud like I seen how he was trained. I seen how he was feeling and he just had a chip on his shoulder and watching him with that chip on his shoulder, it kind of like motivated me. It like, it was like a very motivational situation. So You knew it. You close with Terence Crawford, right? Yeah, that's my brother. Yeah, I talked to him yesterday. He was like, you better treat my brother right when he come up there. Did you hear what Mace said though? Who? Mace. Mace. What'd he say? Macy said this to say, he said I don't wanna see Shakur fight. I'm gonna be honest, no disrespect to Newark but I don't wanna see Shakur fight nobody.


For him to be hanging out with Terrence Crawford and Andre Ward, there's absolutely no way that he's fighting the way he's fighting. You know like, like, like I said with the other people like I can't really take some of these guys too serious. 'cause it's like they make a living off of trolling people. Like trolling is what they do on a regular basis. So even before when I kind of reacted to them, I don't feel the same way now. Now it's like okay, I understand the business aspect of it so kudos to him. But yeah, I'm gonna keep making money. I'm going to keep being the best and none of these niggas could beat me. Facts. You know? It's crazy though. They're not saying anything about you that they didn't say about somebody like a Floyd though. Facts because people do not, for whatever reason people don't respect defensive fighters.


Even even war. She mentioned Ward, they said the same thing about Dre. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I think it's a stigma on black fighters who Don't get beat up out, don't Get hit outbox people but like a Chenko or Bal can go be the best outbox the same people they, you don't never hear no boring things on them. So true. I just hear it but it, it is what it is. Does that get into your head when you in the ring though, like, 'cause you know you you you got your style. Does it make you feel like y'all wanna be a little bit more aggressive? I do want to try to get a knockout just to shut people up. Yeah, it kind of did and that's where I be going wrong 'cause I always realized my knockouts come from not train. Like I don't expect it when I knock people out. But with that like in mind it is like you gotta tame, tame yourself.


You gotta calm down, relax and not look for the knockout. When you look for it, it kind of gets sloppy and it gets a little ugly. So me knowing that now I just go in there not looking for it and if it comes, it comes. You know, you you, you are a big lightweight in my opinion like 1 35. So you obviously big. I don't think you small, I've seen lightweight. I think you could be at one 40 and still be a fair size in that division. So obviously if the tank fight doesn't happen, there's so many fights at one 40. You know what I'm saying? I, like I said, I'll move up for the big fight. For the big fight. So if it is like a little fight that don't make sense, like I'm really not a 40 pounder. Like I'm some really, no I'm not a 40 pounder. I'm a, I'm barely even a 35. You don't think you'll end your career at least at 1 47 or something?


I used to think that but nah. Nah, I don't think so. Emini here I would go there for the right fights. Like I just watch Con of Ben. I like Con of Ben too. Yeah, yeah. No disrespect Too tough. But I'll fight him at like 1 54 what I told you for the right Fight. 1 54 I would, I swear I would fight Him. Yo kind of tough man and he throw hard punches Like I said for the right fights I'll move up. Is it hard to get get up to that kind of weight Emini here you'll have to like, I guess train a little harder far as weight wise and put on a little bit more weight. But I think skills pay the bills. Like I feel like with my skills I can fight a lot of guys at the high weight class. Will that slow you down defensively though? Nah, my defense is always there. Okay. Like I said, I spar with Bud on a regular, like I spar with big guys regularly so it ain't gonna slow nothing down.


It was Sean Porter who said he feels like I Smart him for my last count. Okay, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh so then maybe that's where he got that from then because he said, he said I've never seen a fighter with the kind of defense that Shakur Stevenson has. And he says he feels that your, he feels like your defense is even greater than Mayweather. Shout out to Sean Porter. Man, that's my guy actually. When he pulled up, when he pulled up. I'm sorry I'm about to put You, you about to be a parent on your ass. Hey shout out to my youngest back here too. This Za Quinn Moses and Manir Chance young fighters coming. They your new boxers, Right? They your boxers, You manage them. They my little cousin then they on there my little brother too. So young fighters coming up.


They professional too, too. Yeah They can fight But, but how did you feel when Shawn said that about you? I appreciate it. 'cause Shawn actually been in there first hand, so he went to the ring and sparred me. So he seen what I can do and when he got out the ring he kind of knew like okay he's the guy. So I appreciate Sean actually I feel like if Sean wanted to come back right now he could come back for the right fight. Wow. Yeah, he kind of surprised me. He did six rounds with me so I respect him. If if, did you, did you study Mayweather? Yes. Okay. I studied everything about Floyd from head to toe. Yes. When he heard that or or if he heard it, did he hit you up like, all right man, you don't, don't think you better than me.


You know what Emini here Man, you know Floyd so well. Nah, Floyd ain't hit me up and say nothing like that. Floyd is actually a, a cool dude for me personally. Like I hear the stories about him, I don't really take into it 'cause he kind of one-on-one with me. He cool. But He would say something like that though. Yeah he, He definitely like the ultra competitor Like come spa with me right now. Lemme show you. I still, still the best I would love sparring. Floyd never Sparred with him at All. I would love to but like the thing is like even when I watch, 'cause I know he probably a little hesitant about sparring the young fighters now because with Devin's situation they kind of put out there that they beat him up and all of that. I'm not that type of dude. Like if I spur Floyd, nobody would know how it went. It would be just me learning, learning lesson. Right?


Like I wouldn't even go in there to try to like Floyd older now. So I wouldn't go in there to try to get off on Floyd. I'm going in there to learn like okay let me watch his reaction, let me see how his speed is at this age, what little tricks he got going And I probably take them tricks and use them in the ring for myself. So that's just the type of dude I am though. Is there a fighter that, that you kind of fought and really got off on him but you actually personally like him and you're like damn I wish it didn't have to be him. I wish it didn't have to like beat him up like that Jemele, Hering Jamel her. Everybody thought I was beefed out with him because we was kind of going back and forth before the fight, but Man you killed him. Yeah. But at the end of the day I really like him like as an individual. He's like a super cool individual.


He always like looking out for me before that. So I appreciate Jamal. You think He like you and you beat his ass like that? Nah, he Actually does though. We Even after, Yeah, after. Yeah we cool. What's something you learned outside the ring that's helped you the most inside the ring? Something I learned outside the ring that helped me the most. The smartest man will win. And that's in any situation when it come to business, anything the smartest man is always gonna win. And I think far as boxing, being out, being able to outsmart my opponents is kind of what took me over the edge with everybody. Let's talk Ryan Garcia. A lot of people saying he's so com Emini here out the controversy aside with the Devin thing, right?


With the PD thing, he obviously we saw him beat Devin bad and he was at a weight where he was comfortable. Yeah. 1 42. So how does a tank and Ryan fight play out if it was at one 40 or a weight that that Ryan was more comfortable in? I think it'd be a very different fight. Mm. I think, I think Tank is like, he is a good fighter, but like the Ryan Garcia that he fought that night wasn't the same Ryan Garcia that Devin Haney fought. Mm. And Ryan was feeling good. And you actually seen when he fought Tank, he didn't have no respect for Tank. Like he wasn't scared of Tank at all. It just was the fact that he wasn't able to take the punches that was coming back at him. So I think it'll be a very different fight.


So you you, you beat, you beat William on July 12th. Let's Just say you beat William on July 12th. Tank beats Roach, but then take goes to fight Jake Paul Tank. Don't want a sha call Stevenson fight. What does Shakur Stevenson do for his legacy and his resume then? I just keep working, keep working, fight the next best available opponents and stay focused At the end of the day, the movement doesn't revolve around him. So whatever he got going on, he got going on. If he says he don't wanna fight me, he retires without fighting me. That's cool. That's on his legacy. He gotta live with that. But truthfully for me, I fight the next available opponents. I fight Lamont Roach, I fight maybe running back with a Edwin de Los Santos or something.


So honestly I just, you know, just stay focused And I think my my time gonna come. Would you be disappointed if you don't ever get that fight? I would just be disappointed in the fact that the way he was talking, like the way he, oh I'm going, he on my list, he on my list. And like the way he kind of put out threats in a way. Like, like somebody's supposed to be scared of that shit. It would be disappointing that we don't get to clash in the ring. But if he go do that, fuck him. Who's the next best star? Like is it a, a Ryan or Temo? Like where it would be still a a, a big money fight? I would fight all of them guys. I've been saying I want to fight Teo for the longest so Teo will be the perfect fight for me.


But I think like boxing will forever evolve. So it is never gonna just stop with one person. One guy. Yeah. So it Mase Beef a young superstar coming up. I like the Emiliano Vargas, I see Superstar potential with him, right? Maybe one day in the sport me and him could lock in and get a big fight going. So I just gotta stay focused and stay on my game. Yeah. I don't want to hear none of them fighters say Shakur is overrated. I don't wanna hear them fight or say Shakur can't knock nobody out if you're not gonna get in the ring with facts. That's how I feel. That's a great score. Don't, don't say none of that if you're not gonna get in the ring with If you can't beat him. Word Facts. Well we appreciate you for joining us this morning, brother. Appreciate Y'all too and Have a successful camp. 'cause I know you're about to hit camp, right?


Yes sir. Yes sir. All right, well it's The Breakfast Club it sha Call Stevenson. Let's go. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.