
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


At public.com you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a Rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device cover's not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


Modo Us. Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style game with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at MO Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website predict details.


Hello, Go Us. Wake that ass up In the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Rob Lowe. Welcome. Hey, it's good to be here. How's it going actor? Rob Lowe. I should say Unstable Season two is out August 1st on Netflix. And how are you feeling today, bro? I'm Anytime. This is the only breakfast club I've ever been a part of. Really? Yeah. You know 'cause Yeah, you Never got Movie. Movie? I didn't get the Movie. You didn't get the movie? I didn't get the the movie. So this is it. Did you try out for the movie The Beverly Coach? Yeah. I tried out for it and they were like, no, Because back then it was like a whole crew of y'all. It was probably like eight or nine of y'all that was in everything.


And, and John Hughes never put me in anything. Dang. Really? Never did a John Hughes movie. Never Did. I never thought about that. Yeah. If you think eighties, you think you and like Molly Ring Wall. Never did It took to the nineties for me to, I I finally worked with Molly. We did Stephen King's the Stand Together. But in the eighties, no, no, none of that. Man. Rob, you were famous at a time when fame actually meant something. When there was a barrier of entry to be a celebrity, you actually had to have have a talent or skillset. What was being famous in the eighties and nineties? Like I think if I, if I could go back at a time machine and be young, single, famous, I would not change a thing.


I think the eighties was the time. Mm. Yeah. It was You know, pre cell phones, pre the internet. You know. There was like, it was just, it was a, it was a magical time and a fun if it, it was a, it was a very fun time without the complications of today. And to, and as you alluded to, it was hard to be famous. It was like anybody today can be famous overnight, which has its own gifts. There's, there's nothing wrong with it. But you did have to really kind of work If you had social media in the 80, the nineties. You think you'd have a carina, you think you'd be alive? I wouldn't be alive. And it wouldn't be the social media that would kill me. It it would be cheap drugs, better sleeping pills.


Yeah. Yeah. Viagra. Viagra. All of it. Yeah. How, How have you had a job for so long? Because there's, there's a, a 1,000,001 actors, but you stayed consistent. How would you say that you stayed consistent for so long? Well, I I think part of it is IIII don't have the same level of, I don't wanna say fear 'cause it sounds like I'm judging other actors, but I'm very eager to jump into new genres. You know, in the nineties I jumped into television and, and that was still a time when like If, you had started in movies. You didn't do that. That meant your career was over. And You know that ended up being the West Wing and You know, I, I would, I take supporting parts, smaller parts when they're really good for me.


Like and behind the candelabra with Stephen Soderberg. And so I kind of, I kind of try to do Follow What, where the interesting stuff is without thinking about, well what does it say? What does that mean? And then the other thing is, I I still wanna learn and I'm curious, like I'm, I'm, I'm super curious to, to have new experiences. And You and your son created this show together, right? That's right. Did your son earn his gripes in this business? Or did you do the little nepotism thing? I did the, I did the, as any dad would do, nepotism thing of Would you like to, I'd love it. If you would meet with my son Dope. And then, and, and You know, it's like I was talking to Steven a yesterday about, about LeBron.


LeBron LeBron. LeBron. Yeah. LeBron. Were you A big Lakers fan? Yeah. Big Lakers fan. Yeah. And I was just saying, look, that's what dads do. And but You know, then you gotta put up the points. Or in my kids' place, You know he, when he was a writer's, you gotta go get the, get the coffee schlep to get the lunches. You know, don't let anybody know who you are. And then you, when you start writing, then you better sell something. And You know. 'cause Hollywood and the NBA are not in the business of giving anybody a free ride at the end of the day. And so you get season two of you create a show, you've, you've done something. So I opened the door, but he's gotta walk in it. Did you, did you raise your son John out of fear or love? And the reason I ask that is because You know you've been sober for 30 years.


He's been sober for seven years. And I always say my dad raised me outta fear. 'cause he didn't want me to make the same mistakes that he made, but I still ended up making them. He sure. So did you make it, did you raise your son out of fear or love? Both. Okay. The sobriety thing was like, I, I knew really early, 'cause I have two sons. One Matthew is in a lawyer and like a businessman. He went into, like I say, real life, You know John Owen went into my phony bologna acting life. One son I knew was gonna have a normal relationship with drugs and alcohol like his mommy. And the other son I knew was gonna be like his daddy. How Did You know? Yeah.


How did You know that? Oh, come on man. You, You like, come on. Like, you, you, you, you walk in on, on on that like the group of kids on the weekend and you, you surprise them. And, and You know there's one kid who's like, and the other kids are like, mm. And you're like, yeah, he's the one. I mean, You know what it, you just know. And so happily, because I have been there, I know there's only one way to make it happen. And the parents can't do shit. And so you gotta let 'em go through it. They, You, you can't do it. They won't. They, they, you can't, the parents can't do anything that you can't get, you can't get sober for anybody other than you. I don't care. It's your girlfriend, your mom, the law, whatever the hell it is, doesn't make any difference.


You have to be ready. So by, by the grace of God, Johnny, God bless him, got his senior year at college. He decided he'd had enough and he came to Dad. And I said, I know what to do now. And so I got him to the right people. And, and we're a member of, of one of the great clubs in The. World I think of, of people in recovery. 'cause let's face it, people are out there partying and getting it on are fun. They're fun, they're funny, they're smart. They're the life of the party. They're interesting. So those people sober are the sickest. So do you wait for somebody to come and for both of us, do you wait for, do you wait till they come to you and say something? Or do I say some point You gotta Keep them alive.


You gotta keep 'em alive. Okay. Your, your job is keep 'em alive. Okay. Your job is like, is like put the, the rails on the, on the, the, the, when you're bowling You know you put up those rails so you don't roll. And the gutter. Yeah. That's, that's all you can do. And by the way, that's a lot. I mean, I, I think particularly for young men, I think it's like, get 'em to 21 by hook or by crook. Whatever you gotta do, try to help get 'em so they don't make some horrible decision or hurt themselves or somebody else. And just get 'em to 21. Their brains calm down and then you can have a cogent conversation with 'em. Now you talked about unstable for people that haven't seen it, break down what unstable is about. So my son If, you follow him on Jo Johnny Lowe Instagram.


He makes a lot of fun of me. He trolls me like no other. I mean he just, and it makes me laugh so, so hard. He's a funny little funny boy, man. And people really got into the stuff he was saying about me. And it became a thing, like I couldn't do an interview without people talking about it. So Johnny being a smart kid was like, I think there, people like this dynamic, maybe there's a show in it. And so we didn't wanna play ourselves. So we had to figure out a show that had the, the thing that people like, which is our dynamic. I i in a, in a world that we created and we came up with, what's the math that equals what people are responding to.


And that is a father who's in the public eye slightly larger than life. Perhaps a little untethered from reality because he's been doing this for so long. And then the son, who is the only one who can speak real people talk to him. So I play a tech guru, unhinged genius. And John Owen is the son who's trying to live outside that shadow There. There's a lot of healing in the show too though. 'cause you see like the grieving over the loss of the the wife Yeah. And the mom who added that element. And what part of y'all real life were y'all bringing into the show with That? That that's why. So we, we brought in, in season one, Viktor Fresco, who's a very funny writer producer who did the Santa Clarita diet and better off Ted.


And he brought that in to help humanize my character. And now in season two we have Andrew Gerland, who, who, who did a show called Friends from College that I love. And it's always good, I think to get a third set of eyes on an idea. And we've had really good collaborators who've helped. But that was, that was something that they added. Did you make your son audition for his own role? I make him audition every day. He, no, he was And I. Listen, I was worried about it because You know we, he's acted. He did, he's done some stuff on his own. But this was a huge leap for him. And in season two, You know, seeing the growth. 'cause we've got some comic killers on the show.


I mean, lamour Morris is on the show, lamour and who I love, he's ugh. And he's so good in it. We got Fred Armisen, who's on it? Iris Aow. So Z Johnny really hold his own with that group. This, this year is great. Did you and your son ever get high together? No. God no. Okay. I've been, I've been sober 34 years. Oh Yeah. Duh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now you've been married 29 years too, right? 33. 33. Wow. So when you talk about being unstable, that what, what level of stability has being married for 33 years, provided you? Oh man, it's, it's saved my life. You know for sure You know. My, my wife Cheryl is You know.


She's, my, my, I don't even know how to describe it because she's always been my best friend. She is the smartest person, the most instinctive person I know. And smartest. But like the greatest instincts and my greatest supporter and a and a terrific mom. So if, if You know anybody out there, if you're lucky enough to get that in your life, you're so far ahead of the game. What, what, What, what made you finally have the You know wherewithal to say, You know what? I gotta settle down. 'cause you was a, not only were you a star in the eighties and nineties, you were considered what they call a heartthrob Sex symbol. Yeah. I was a player. I was out About symbol. Now If. you think he's sexy? Just say that. No, They said Heart symbol. I said heart throb symbol.


I said heart and girls Will call him a sex symbol. Heart throop. I'll take both guys. Oh, He'll give, he'll give. I'm happy with both. Clearly. He likes both. No, it's Not true. I I said sex. I'm happy with Both. That's all right. I'll take it. Come on man. I'm a 6-year-old man. I'll take that. We fighting with be right now, which seems kind of weird. Now go ahead. But You know what I mean? I do. You was getting a lot of pussy, Rob is what I'm saying. I I I was, I was, I was having a, I was having a really good time. Yeah. Yeah. There's, and and by the way, that's why I think when I was done, I was done. It's just, it's no different than, than than partying. It's like I didn't get cheated. I went down swinging. And so when I was done Literally, literally swinging everything all over the place. Okay. Sorry. I'm glad you got it.


You got it. Took a minute. I got it. But I just, But, but so when I was done, I was done. You know I have no illusions. I left it all in the, whatever analogy you wanna use. I left it all in the field. Did you have, was your sex tape the first leaked sex tape ever? Yes. Yeah. You invented the sex tape. That was 88, right? He Said you invented the sex tape. Invented it. You did Celebrity sex tape. Yeah, but I was stupid enough to See, here's the thing is being first isn't always best because like, nobody monetized it. Like You know made it made Kim K, but it, but it almost ruined me, G But I mean, it's a big difference. Why did it almost ruin you? 'cause you had an image uphold They dude, so If, you were to go back and look at the nightly news from whatever that came out.


Tom Broca. Good evening. No, there's NBC News. Alright. Actor Rob Row and the whole thing. And then they go. And another news. Intiman Square Democracy Rose as a man stood in front of a ta gentleman Square was the second story. Damn Jesus on the news. Damn. How did the tape leak? Was it your tape? You were recording, somebody broke into your house or something like how did it leak? The, it got stolen. But You know, look man, it's like, it's one of those things that led me to where I am You know. I like I, but I have no regrets in, in, in my life. And I. And I've thought about it, man, I really, really have is because I've always learned more from the mistakes and the screw ups.


By the way, that watch is so sick. Oh, thank you. Jesus Christ. Thank You. Thank you, thank you. Said it changed the trajectory of your life though. Thank you. Yeah. 100%. So, but in a bad way you mean? No, no. In a good way. Okay. Watch. Yeah. 'cause it, it started me thinking about what am I really doing here? Who am I hanging out with? And You know, you're only as good as the company you keep and You know. Then I looked around and met my, my wife Cheryl about a year after that. And it wasn't, it wasn't like I had an overnight conversion on anything, but I realized that it's like, what do they say?


It's time to put You know. It was time to, it was time to move on to a different, different, different life. Do you think it may just stock rise up? 'cause You know a lot of women gotta see what you was working with And I. Hope so. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, listen, I can't be the judge of that now. Yes, you can. Can I? Yeah. You gotta a ruler. What the hell are we talking about? Gotta ruin. So good. Is It true during that, that time in the eighties, pat Riley also banned you from the Lakers Hotel? Yeah, he banned me 100%. Banned me. Why Would Why because of that? Because there was why Come on Think he wanted Irvin messed up in that shit. Look, Michael Cooper all out there. So he went out with the Lakers all the time With the Lakers with, and they Wild. And You, you party party with them before.


Those are my guy. I love that era so much. I love those men so them so much. And You know. It just, I wonder if like I go to Laker am still, but, and And I love. I, but it's, I mean, come on man. That was the fucking captain. Yeah. That's The craziest thing that happened without saying names. The craziest night, The craziest night was when it was during the Pistons, the first Pistons final in Detroit. And in those days, the, the schedule was like, what? 2, 3 2, I think. So you would, you'd have these three games, which were forever. They were in eternity. And you're in Detroit for like, You know a long time and you're out You know. So I, I sent some friends up to somebody's room and one of the plays.


Yeah. And on the opposite team, No, on our team. And Ri found out about it. And that's why he banned me. And then the other, the other one that really, but no, that no one knew about is I, I took a, I took one of the, one of my guys out to Mr. Chows and those are the days when I was doing my thing. And I took something and he goes, what's that And? I go, it's called a Quaalude. I wanna try that. He went, oh, for 34. Jesus Christ. You, I mean you If you look up the stats and You know who it was.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back. John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on hulu@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away. Because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, not investment advice.


Modo us


Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Mo do offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at mo. Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details. Hello. Do us


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply c att.com/iphone for details.


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back with plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply


Old for 30, 34. Well that, did he play that night or the next day? He Played the next day. Okay, Then The next day He blame it on you. Pat. What's wrong Rob Lowe. Now is it true, I read that you once coached Michael Jordan, magic Johnson coach where? Yeah. So I magic used to have the, a amazing fundraiser. I wanna say it was for United Negro College Fund. I wanna say it was at the forum every summer. And you had to show like If, you were in the N-B-A-N-B-A and you got the call from him. You showed. So every star you can imagine played and Arsenio coached one side.


And I coached the other. It tells you exactly like what era it is, right? And it was the first time that MJ and and Magic played together on the same team. And we scored, we like I did anything. They scored 200 points and lost. Damn. Who did they play against? Who was on the Other team? The other team was Carl Malone. Clyde Drexler. Those are the two I really remember And I. Remember that? I called a timeout towards the end of the game just so I could be involved. And everybody was laughing. And I. Look over at Michael. And he was like dead eyed. And everybody was laughing and, and all of a sudden people realize that Michael wasn't laughing and they looked at him And, I goes, Hey man, we gonna win this motherfucker.


I remember everybody was like, oh, oh, okay. We didn't know that was how it was. Right? And so then they, everybody played defense and still lost. But you saw first I saw firsthand like Michael doesn't play. He's wow. Super, super cool. And it was also the first time he ever shot free throws with his eyes closed. Really? Which I think he went on to do once at least in NB. Yeah, he did Once he did, he did. This is the first time he did it. I want somebody to look up the over 34 shooting stat. I need to know who that was. One of these internet SLTs will figure it out. Yeah. Was Hollywood in the eighties really as evil as people made it out to be? Well, in what sense? Tell me, tell me about It's like when you, like when you see all these horror, you see these documentaries now and they got the creepy music playing and everybody was on drugs.


No, there Was no, it was, it was way more, it was more innocent because we didn't know what we didn't know. I mean, listen, when I came up, That's a good, that's a good because Look, listen dude, when I came up, my heroes were all on Blow. Yeah. I don't wanna name names of the actors, but again, you could do the math. They all lived on Mulholland and they all were single and they all were fucking getting after it every single night and winning Academy Awards. And they'd roll the Laker games. And dude, I just modeled my life after the, after my heroes And Cocaine was just regular and it was purity. No, it's it's what you did If. you were If you were successful and smart. And and by the way, in the beginning they thought it was good for you. Really? Yeah. Nobody knew.


It hadn't brought a generation to its knees yet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It hadn't. And so again, we didn't know what we didn't, we didn't know. It's like, it's like anything else, what we know about how we treat people in the workplace. You know today is a completely different time. I mean, Warner Brothers gave You know all of us underage kids booze on the set of the outsiders studio. It's just people didn't know. We didn't know any better. Is that why you and Tom Cruise got in a fight? Y'all drunk? We weren't drunk when we fought. We were, we were training, we were, we, we were doing like a fight night before there was a fight night in the hallway. 'cause we were just young dudes with testosterone, like real fight in that slap box.


Like fight, fight. And we, we had full gear on headgear gloves. So you, Tom Cruise, Matt Dillon, Patrick Swayze. Matt didn't do any of the athletics. Okay. None. Zero. Matt, I love Matt most unathletic movie star, whoever lived Patrick Swayze, God bless the dead. He He was, he was a baller. He was super athletic. Emilio Este boss, Another one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it was me, Emilio and Tom were the, the ones who trained all the time. And and part of the training was boxing and You know If you, I got off a clean one once and that was the end. I just, then Tom just went Wild. So he was mad. You hit him. He's just competitive. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was great. But that's, that's what it's like If. you guys were in college and screwing around with your, your fellas in a, in a frat or whatever it, whatever that would look like is what we did.


Got You in the hotel. 'cause we were eight You know 17, 18, 19-year-old kids. And Where were your parents? Like when the executives were feeding y'all booze and stuff, like where were the parents of the guardians? Well that was at 18. You didn't have to have a guardian. I turned 18 on the set of the Outsiders. It was the drinking age in some states back then again, we didn't know what we didn't know. And but Tommy, he was a kid. Tommy was 15 and he was just getting after it. Wow. Pony boy. Stay pony boy. Was he 15? Tom Tommy Howell. Oh, Tommy Howell. Oh, Tommy Howell. Okay. Okay. Pony Boy sounds crazy. That was his nickname. Yeah. Outsiders. Oh yeah, yeah. In the movie. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Pony was a good Nickname.


Got you. Wow. Would you ever make a movie about that era and like really tell the truth? I would. Well, and And I wrote a book about about it and, and there's a chapter or two more, but there's more than a few chapters called stories. I only tell my friends, you can get it on Amazon. There's some good stuff in it there, but I've never really, I I may do a documentary. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm talking to some folks about doing a documentary because I like what you said about you didn't know what you just didn't know. That's right. And that's why I think it's like, even nowadays, And I don't, I don't think, I think cancel culture is over. But it's how do you judge people for what they did? Tell Me what you think. It's over. I'm super curious.


'cause you sit right in the culture. Yeah. If anybody would know, you would know you guys. Why? I think it's, why do you think it's over? Because everybody realize this a circular firing squad and nobody's perfect. And you gonna end up taking out, either you gonna get shot or you gonna end up taking out somebody that you really care for. Mm. I just think it's a circular firing squad. It's not sustainable. I love that. I hope you're right. Yeah. And you gotta give people Grace, And, I. Think everybody has some type of dirt or something on them that you don't, you don't want it to fire back at you For sure. Right. I i I It feels like it, right? Yeah. It feels like it's coming to an end a little bit. I forgot what I even asked you. I'm sorry. I I turned it around and asked you a question. Nah, I blew your, I blew your Momentum You know what it is. You got, you do. Have you got eighties dreamy eyes, bro?


You know. You know. And you turn like this. Oh, I gave you the, the Robert Redford half over. Exactly. Yeah. When It says when you kind of half over your shoulder. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Bobby Redford invented that shit. Who's Bobby Redford? Robert Redford. Oh shit. You be calling, I don't know, Robert making it up. Flab You're making, Do you like Hollywood now? Do I like it? Yeah. It's funny because, so we're here pro promoting the show, right? My son is 28. He so I remember that era. I mean, I, I was already married and sober by 28. But You know my point being, he's a young actor in New York City.


Just You know. It's the The. World is his oyster. And I. Look at what, how he sees The World vis-a-vis Hollywood and everything. And how I see it and You know he's down at the Bowery and he's got this one and that one. He's walking around, he's doing his thing. And all I wanna do is run the reservoir in Central Park. Yeah. Get some room service and go to bed. And because so do I love Hollywood. I love working in Hollywood. I, I love what happens when people come together to create, I love the adrenaline of what is the next thing I love when people on the street stop and say, Hey, I, I can't wait for unstable or I've seen it.


I I love all of that. That never gets sold. But everything else around it been there, done that. I just wonder what's missing, because y'all came up in a time and everybody was a fucking mess. But it never seemed like that mess really leaked out to the public unless like, it was like a extreme, extreme situation scandal. But now it just seems like everybody's stuff is out there. I don't know if it's because social media, it's self-inflicted in social media. What it is. Well, listen, If, you If you went to a, a nightclub or whatever And I in the day and were doing whatever you were doing and everybody saw it. Who, who are they gonna tell? They tell somebody and they don't believe it or whatever.


And, and now we're at a place where you photograph it or say it's happening right now. And it's, and everybody knows everything. And And I think, I think that's, that's, and also people are are also much more open. I mean, there's a time You know, young, young folks can't even fathom this, where you didn't even come in and do what I'm doing. Like you didn't see Warren Beatie like my, the, I'm talking about movie star icons, right. At the time you didn't see Warren Beatie do any interviews for anything. That's really, it was like beneath him and, and and, and on and on. So again, like now you've got, if you're opening a, if you're doing Twister, you got them running around the country doing, doing song and dance numbers in every city to open up that movie.


Yeah. And that, that didn't You know it was way, way more private. But that's because Was it because y'all were proven movie stars already though? So it's just like, if we know this group of people are gonna be in a movie or Warren Beatty starting a movie, I'm going to see it. That's Exactly, that's also part of it. You're right. There's You know there are three networks on tv, so many other options now there. Yeah. So many. And everything's so segmented. So whatever you're into, there's a whole silo just for you. And, and that, and what you're into can be as niche as nichey, niche niche can be. And you can find your community. And in the old days, You know you. Those niche entertainment needs went unfulfilled.


Right. And so all you had was the, was broad entertainment. Will There ever be any new movie stars ever again? Will there ever be a, Not like there were Yeah. 'cause the world's different. Yeah. I mean, not like The World, And I. Think I wonder. It's the same musicians, it's the same movies. There's, it's funny athletes though. There are still superstars like they used to be even maybe more so today. But in movies and music, I feel like you'll, you're never gonna see the likes of the kind of stars that were created when stars had to really earn their way in.


I think the athletes might not be the same either though because the, the athletes of that era actually cared about winning more than anything. Oh, Don't get me started. You know. So it's like, that's how you become an icon. The reason you look at Jordan or you look at Jordan Magic or Brady is 'cause they actually won Kobe. Well they were, they were as interested if not more. Well here's the thing. I just, I, and you go back to, to the Lakers, it's like, it's so hard for me to watch the NBA now because I just know all those guys are are are bros. Well they definitely are. 'cause they're talking about, hey, do we wanna play together here and there? Can you imagine that conversation going on between Charles Barkley and Magic or Patrick Ewing and, and no, they, they wanted to murder each other out on the floor.


So it's just a different, again, it's, I'm not saying it's better or worse, but it's not the same. You Consider LeBron a Laker Again, that's a no. He's got championships with multiple teams. Yeah, but that doesn't make him not a Laker. He got one with the Lakers. But I'm talking about Yeah, yeah. No, I'm saying multiple, multiple teams. But I'm talking about statue in, would you want a statue of LeBron in front of the Staples Center? Yeah. I Not Staples of C for sure. Oh yeah, for sure. I mean he won a championship. He's, he's You know the, the in the top three, I'm getting in trouble. Whoever played won two or three. Yeah, But is he an all time Lake Cri? He's not an all time Laker. Yeah, he just isn't.


He's not because because he is And, I don't mean this as a pejorative, but he's a little bit of a mercenary You know he goes where as he should. He goes where he wants to go, does what he wants to do. Why wouldn't he? But that culture didn't exist. I mean, again, you would never, do you remember when Michael couldn't get past Cleveland? Do you remember that era Piston? Oh yeah. Cleveland too. Do you remember That? Remember That era? Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. So what if Michael had said You know what, I'm gonna go play Brad Darty in Cleveland, Brad Darty and Mark Price. Right. Mike Price, Those guys. But they were, remember they were killing him? Yep. Yep. So it's just a different, different time Rob has to go. Yeah, I know.


Alright, Rob, low. Do You guys are you guys have the sickest watches? I'm sorry. Oh, thank You man. It's just a little something. Thank you. Thank you. Just a little nothing little Thank you so much. Yeah, that's good. Oh, you watching is clean too though. Yes, it is. Yeah, absolutely. That's clean. I went my day, my day one my every day. That's right. That's your every Day. That's my every day Paddock. Every day. I'm not mad at you. Come on now ladies and gentlemen, Unstable Season two premieres August 1st on Netflix. And Rob Lowe, we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. Thank you. Absolutely. This is great guys. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Modo us.


Visit Mo. Do us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply to website details.


Hello.


Go us@public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA and SIC. Not a bank, not investment advice.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity With skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's m mit.org/careers.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single CHASON featuring Megan Trainor out today saying, I'm done. You, I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to chase him for my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pres Save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land You know what they say, your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.