
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Camm With Galaxy ai, you can get it on them when you're trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting. Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply C att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


America, we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. By honoring your sacred vocation of education, you impact your family, your friends, and your community. At Grand Canyon University, our online bachelor's, masters, and doctoral education degree programs allow you to balance online coursework with observational and hands-on experience in the field. Find your purpose at GCU, private Christian, affordable visit gcu.edu.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Of course. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest on the Zoom this morning. Or I should say today. Ladies and gentlemen, we have tvOS. Welcome. How are you feeling? I am feeling great. Thank you. I know everybody's like, how can she? No, I feel good though. I did just get out the hospital three days ago though. Yeah, You know. We've been hearing all the news about You know, I guess don't know If, you call it a health scare or health issue. So You know. Honestly, I would've never told nobody. And I hate people being in my business, there's plenty of times I've been in the hospital for sickle cell And, I don't tell 'cause I don't like all this attention.


Although I do wanna say thank you for all those who have prayed for me and You know, oh, I'm gonna drop my phone. Sorry, asked about me. I appreciate that. But I just wanted to clarify since it was out there. I guess they had to tell people because I missed shows for insurance reasons and the promoter and stuff like that. I just think it was a little bit too detailed and then now not enough details. So what happened to me can happen to anyone. What happened was I was feeling totally fine. I had got to Syracuse, New York off the plane. I ate something so that's why I thought I had food poisoning.


My stomach felt like if the incredible Hawk took it and just said Ho Smash, like it was an unbearable thing. It was like I couldn't stand up, I couldn't talk, I couldn't walk. And when the doctor came to see me to prove that I was sick, he immediately was like, she has to go in and admit her. I got there and they was talking about going on the surgery side. I'm like, hold up. Wait a minute, what? So what happened was is I had a C-section 24 years ago. So this can happen to any man who has had abdominal surgery. Any woman who has had a C-section or fibroid cyst removal, anything done to your abdominal that causes adhesions, which is scar tissue. So your small intestines move around and it had nothing to do with constipation.


No, I'm not on ozempic. No, it had nothing to do with sickle cell. It was just merely scar tissue. Hit my lower intestine and kinked it and blocked it off. Wow. And it moved and healed itself and un kinked. That's how easy it was. But this is something people die from. It's very serious. Some people have to have some of their colon or intestines removed or scar tissue and many have died from this. It's not diverticulitis. I've seen a lot of people trying to diagnose me You. know what I'm saying? Everybody was a doctor all of a sudden. But yeah, so I said, so since my business is out there, let me turn this into an educational thing and let people know this is really a thing.


'cause I had no idea. The doctor said he's had 80 year olds who had 50-year-old surgeries. And this can happen. It can happen to anyone at any time. And then most cases it heals itself like mine did. And I'm three days out, I'm already working again. I leave Friday for my next show already. Already I'm back up and at 'em. There's no pains right now or anything like that. Like you're not in pain, no pains, nothing. Wow. Nothing at all. I'm eating normal diet. The first three days were testing, they put me on IV fluid pain meds, a medication called Bentos for stomach spasms because that's what, what hurt so bad is the vomiting and the spasms.


It was like 10 times more than a childbirth contractions like And I can't even, that's why I said I have to say hoax smash. 'cause that's the only thing I could think of is somebody strong just ripping your stomach like that And. I never knew that your stomach could even hurt like that You know. But what was disheartening to me was just like reading some of the jokes and stuff. Oh she just needs to poop y'all. Nothing's funny about people fighting for their life or having surgery. Other loved ones have died from this. Nothing's funny about people's health. And. I just also it irritates me that anything that happens to me, it's like, oh, You know she got them sickle cells.


No, I'm ion Watkins. I just happen to have a disease, but it's not who I am and all that I am and everything is not associated with sickle cell. Yeah, I talk back at everybody. We Heard that. That's what I, I mean that's what I thought. I I didn't express that, but I just said to myself, I just assumed it was the sickle cell. But I'm, I'm sure when you first started feeling Ill You know your body and you've experienced sickle cell before. So I I You knew immediately this was something different. Yeah, it was something different with sickle cell. I can't even tell y'all like I just got out the hospital the week before last from a crisis. Like people, I don't share this at all. I, I keep my private private 'cause I don't even like all this attention. I don't You, know what I'm saying?


And I never tell when I'm in the hospital, if y'all knew how many times I've been there, shit, we'd be having these interviews every, every other month You. know what I mean? Because there's no cure. And I still deal with it. But I just wanna clarify that every time somebody hears something about me, they just instantly think it's my sickle cell. And that's just not true. I just want people to know this can happen to all y'all. Like any and everybody like this happens to men all the time. I know a couple of men who have died from it. Yeah, this happens. I just never knew it could happen from Adhesions. You know from Star I you that people, I've seen you clapping back a lot. Did you feel like you had to answer these people? I've seen people saying that the kid, the show should be canceled.


You should leave the group but you were clapping back like you, it really bothered you what people were actually saying about you. Yeah, because who the hell are you to tell me to quit my damn job? Like life is life. Life comes with stuff like life ain't easy but you don't never hear me complain. I don't get on stage and say I just came from the ambulance. I did our HBO special straight from the ambulance out. The hospital went right back. But you ain't never heard me complain. I ain't never said nothing You know what I'm saying? But If, you work hard for something and you like what you do. Who are you to tell me to stop my stomach issue? Didn't have anything with me stopping my career. I'm not stopping chilly from going on doing what she wants to do solo or anybody else. You know what I'm saying?


It is, it's, it is not stopping anything for anybody but me. And if I am okay, I'm not stupid. I'm not gonna go out there and kill myself for no one and no nothing. That's why the show was canceled. 'cause I knew better. I can't do it. I know how to say I can't do it, but I love performing. It's in my heart, it's in my soul. I'm gonna do it. But when it's time to stop, then I'll stop. Then I will stop You know what I'm saying? But I know what my body can do. And I know what I can't do. And anything you want in life, the way I look at it, I was dealt these cars, I was born this way. So I don't know any different. So for me, I knew I had to do and go the extra mile to do what, what I wanna do.


But this is what I want. So then I, I do that. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna do that 'cause this is what I wanna do and this is what I chose. So, okay. I do a lot more than your average artist to get up there. But I chose this life and, and and, and that's something I knew that I would have to deal with. But when it's time for me to sit my black mind down, trust me, I do. I do. So you going back out on the road, you said which Friday? Friday. This Friday. This Friday. And then it's Friday. I'm not on tour though, y'all, I'm just doing spot dates. Got you. So do you guys have an idea? I'm sorry, Go ahead. No, I'm just saying these are spot dates. I do a couple and come right back. Got you. Do you guys have an idea of when the, the Connecticut and the Syracuse show will be rescheduled?


It's October. I just rescheduled one today. October 25th. Gotcha. Don't hold me to that 'cause You know things happen. But that's what we're talking about. And. I just okay. It it's okay today. You know You know TBOs. We grown as hell. Now is it harder to tour as you get older? Do you want to even leave the house? You see Usher child, it's hard for everybody. Everybody out here getting hurt You know what I'm saying? So the average person touring is hard. Yeah. Like don't, don't, you ain't gotta have a disease to take a break or get an injury. You, it's hard out here. My dancers be broke down at 20 You. know what I'm saying?


So no, I ain't gonna lie. Like yeah, things are harder. That's why I'm gearing up to retire. Probably next year it would be my last. So if y'all wanna come C-T-L-C-I, I suggest you do it now. 'cause I'm not gonna be doing this much longer 'cause I am 54. But I'm blessed. I was told I wouldn't live till, oh, I wouldn't live past 30. I'm 54 still on stage selling out arenas in, in, in, in stadiums. Like, come on man. Traveling The, World. This is like a dream and, and something that I, I prayed for and God gave it to me. So when God and my body says the time to stop, then I will stop. I ain't crazy like You. know what I'm saying? So I'm not gonna kill myself doing this You know. How did You know? You know. First of all, And. I don't dance as much as I used to.


I wanna put that out there. Like I know how to. So you only dropped down just a little bit? Yeah. I I ain't up there talking. I still got it. I ain't Eddie Kane in it. You know like nice like this. I ain't out here. How did You know? How'd You know it was time to retire? You just said the word retire and it kind of made my heart drop a little bit. Like what made you, is it just time from touring? Gotcha. Okay. You got it clear. Okay. Because when you said that, I was like, hold on, wait no I ain't going nowhere. Okay. I'm still gonna be doing other things but retire from touring because it is hard on your body. And because I have sickle cell, I don't wanna, when it's time to spend time with my children, I don't want to You know be like broke down Benny You know tow it from the flow up.


No. So I'm gonna stop and and and do other things so I can spend more time with my children and stuff like that. You know what I'm saying? So I'm do the right thing. I have learned how to pace myself on stage. What does your children say? What does your daughter, I know you have a 22 or 23-year-old, so she knows what it is. What does she say? Does she say, mama, sit your ass down. What does your daughter say? Yeah Mom, don't go on no more tours. Forget all that you gave your life to these people. Stop 32 years. So I said You know what? You're right. I have 32 years I've given to y'all. I'm, I'm done. I just wanna end it the right way. Kind of like how Michael Jordan went out. I gave it to you. And I wanna bow out gracefully the right way. That's all. So I wanna do like You know a bye-bye And thank you for You.


know this lovely career and your support and then you'll see me doing other things. But just You know it is hard on my body. I have a, a torn meniscus that I, I've had a bad knee for like 20 something years and I'm gonna finally go ahead and have surgery on. I kept juicing it up with steroids, but it's really doing more damage because You know you can't feel the damage but it's there. So I think that You know I write movie scripts. I I executive produce movies. I produce You know. So I wanna get into some of my other passions and I'll probably come out with some more music but just dancing all over the place. It took a lot. And, I'm not gonna lie 'cause I'm a dancer by heart.


It took a lot for me to learn how to pace myself on stage. 'cause I see somebody and I'm competitive. I wanna go get it You know what I'm saying? I'm like, oh, you trying me? Are you trying to outdo me? You know so I wanna just dance. But I, everybody will tell you, I'll take it easy 'cause I don't have nothing to prove. Everybody know I, I could dance and you can't lose that. I hate when people be like, she still got it girl, I'm never gonna lose. I'm always have that and my body dance system don't allow. Huh? What dance is harder to do right now? The creep dance or the waterfalls dance? Neither one. Those are easy as all.


Hey, hey gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened is called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


Get out. I could do that in my sleep out the hospital bed while I'm having a sickle cell crisis. The ones that are hard are the ones that you're down on your knees and stuff like that. Only because my right knee, my my left knee, I could still get down there now You know but my right knee is just torn from all the damage. This is like being an athlete. It's wear and tear. You know I wanted, I wanted to know You know you're saying that you might retire and it's almost over as far as touring is concerned. Do you feel like TLC gets the credit in everything that they deserve for as much as you guys have done and how you've changed the game? The sex talk that you guys have You know started in those conversations. Do you feel like you get the respect and You know just do that you guys deserve From the older audience?


Who knows, but from the youngsters they have no idea. You know what I'm saying? I mean, but You know. I don't, I don't look for praise. I know what I do. But I did a glad commercial recently. You know and You know a product deal and in our world that's a big deal. You know what I'm saying? It's just funny. The tiktoks thought differently. They thought it was, I was embarrassing myself. They said it was as bad as what Mary did. Burger King commercial. I was like what I committed like, but anybody who got common sense knows that that's a billion dollar company dummy. Right. You're crazy. And that that check for that 30, huh? No it's okay that that check for that like 30 You know second little dance is good.


Boo boo. Right? And. I'm not doing it for the money but it's glad. Don't we all have GLAAD and Clorox in our house? Don't you use trash bags? Ain't nothing wrong with that. That's the great thing from where we're from. We all try to get product deals. I wish I could have got 'em earlier on. So you gonna see me doing more products Honey, How do you pick and choose? Is there a part of you that feels like you, you, you, you might be trying to make up for lost time because of all the money y'all didn't make when y'all was younger? No, because You know everything happens for a reason. I'm not making up for lost time, I'm just doing what makes sense You know what I'm saying? I really do use Glad Trash bags. And I, And I. I have a whole bunch of Clorox products in my house and I've always wanted a brand deal.


That's a big deal. You know what I'm saying? I used to look at Ludacris and other people like, oh he got a Chase Bank commercial. Oh he got a You. know what I mean? That's like major And, and children don't know that You know what I'm saying? They don't understand business. And I also don't like when people go, oh it's just TC Now when you work hard for something and you bought your name a million dollars per letter honey, and you work for that name, whether she's physically here or not, we will always be And I will always have that name. TLC 'cause it belongs to us and we own it. A million dollar per letter, A million dollars per letter. The back, the name TLC Honey to buy back the name TLC From who?


From You know from whom. We ain't gonna say don't you say it, don't you say it. Don't Get nobody no time. Child You know who it You Know Take the L out. I've never seen anybody do that. It's just the, it's just the youngsters. It's kind of sad. It's like, who's raising y'all? Like my kids don't think like that. It's just, I I'm really baffled like by some of these comments. Like, 'cause usually it like comments don't bother me. Y'all can say what you want. Like you don't hinder my day one way or the other. It is just sad because it's our culture. It's our You know our our our future that's talking here and they're like cuckoo for Coco pops and they have no common sense.


And it's embarrassing. I'm embarrassing myself. No, you're embarrassing yourself sweetie. You have no idea. Yeah, that niggas retarded. Tbo, listen, lemme tell you something, IIII, I, I, I got my, my little niece. So I call her my niece Nile. And Nla is what? 28, 29. She loved TLCI mean she Oh wow. Swear she swears by y'all and she's like one of the most popping DJs out here right now. So I I I think you gotta give yourself a little bit more credit when it comes to that young generation. 'cause they really do look at y Well Some of 'em do. You're right. Yeah, you're right. So it's not everybody, it's just, I think it's just ones on social media. It wasn't even Instagram or Twitter, it was just the talkers. Yeah. I don't know You know. But I'm not gonna let nobody take something great and turn it sour.


Like You know I'm out here having fun. Sean Bankhead choreographed it. He's doing like Victoria Monet and everybody out here is popping. So everybody, a lot of high end people were involved You know what I'm saying? And then people be saying stuff like, You know it cracks me up if some people talk about, I look at them talking about other artists being washed up, but if they were washed up, they couldn't even get that job right. People don't like, it's just so like embarrassing that they're typing. It's just y'all, y'all should think before or do research before y'all be talking. Like it's just, but ultimately I get more love than anything. You already got that new new before because I've never seen any of this stuff that you're saying. Like it's, I've just seen it recently myself and the only reason I, you Need to stop looking at that because I mean to, to me and anybody I know, it's like what TC it's like right.


Thank you. I get a lot of love. I will say that. And I only seen this recently because I had to look at it to give them stats. And I was just like surprised. I was like, what? Whoa. Like You know. I was shocked but I was like, I what do you say? I just kind of laugh 'cause some of it was kind of funny but I'm like, it also when you think about it's sad. I'm like, this is what my son has to look up to. Hey, can you let her out please From the coach. This is What my son has to look forward to. You know. Huh? I said from the coach, no pun intended. It feels like TLC has always just gotten tender Love and care. Like I've never heard bad things all the time. Well that's Good. Really? Okay. Yeah. Me either. Even as far as Halloween, That's Go the amount of people that dress up for TLC as Halloween shows, the amount of love that you guys get, like it, it's recorded 22 and that's what she's doing.


And her and the little babies are doing that this year for Halloween. So it's people are, they still love you love the music and all that. So a couple of TikTok don't let it bother you. No, I won't. I won't. I was just surprised. But no, we do get love and we have like two year olds. It's like generations at the concert. It, it'd be like the grandma, them, their child. I've, I've watched my fans grow up, get married, have kids now. Some of their kids have kids. I'm like, dang girl, you getting old 'cause you watching babies have babies have babies. You know. But I love the Halloween time. Like, 'cause it, it baffles me how many two year olds know our lyrics and stuff. Like they sang Baby, baby Baby, no Scrubs. I'm pretty, my niece, I just bought her on stage.


She's five and she sang I'm pretty with me. She was up there like a little star singing everything. Well, for the record, for the youngsters that don't know, TLC is the bestselling American girl group of all time. And the second bestselling female girl group in The World behind the White Girls. That's right. So don't get it fucked up. TLC is them. Alright, Thank you. We glad you're feeling good. Absolutely. I know that, I know that you, you never discussed your health stuff like you said and you've been dealing with all these health issues forever. So it's, it's, I'm I'm sorry that you have to be out here explaining this. No, thank you for giving me the platform to do it. I just thought like You know since it's out there, why don't I share this with women?


Because I was sitting there baffled myself like, I might have to have surgery. What? This is the thing, I never even knew this could happen or existed. So since it's out there, I was like, well let me just let people know. You know everything and what, what it really was. Because the jokes, I just think people are just so insensitive. I I, or I don't know if it's the video games or the, the, the violence in movies, people are so desensitized. 'cause I'm like, people's loved ones can die from this. Like, and it's just not funny. You know, oh, just tell her to go poop. That's not funny. That's not funny. And there were no warning signs before you started having the things or nothing. Wrong girl, I flew to Syracuse, I was feeling fine dancing, singing, acting Philly like I always do.


And then next thing You know, I I just got a, a cramp And I got off the phone with my friend like, oh, my stomach hurts. And then next thing You know, they're every two to three minutes apart. And I'm like, I remember it being two 30, laying in a fetal position, vomiting like 12 times. And literally it was like eight something. By the time I looked up, like I didn't even know, like I was in so much pain. It was light. And then it's dark and it's hours later and I'm not even aware. You know. And they're taking me to the hospital, admitting me immediately and talking about surgery. I'm like, whoa. But I didn't have to have surgery. And, I. I am eating normal, no pains at all. Like it never happens and everything's just fine.


And that was baffling to me from how much pain I was in. I was like, 'cause I'm, I like asking can I eat? And he was like, honey, it has to do with the outside of your intestines, not the inside. And I'm like, whoa. You know. So that what's called again? Huh? What's it called again? It's called an abdominal obstruction. Abdominal obstruction. Okay. Yeah. But thank you For filling us in and breaking us down. We really appreciate you checking in. We really do. Thank you so much. Thank you too. And thank you for letting me know the love is still there. It's Always Absolutely. Well it's tea. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the Funk.