
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This is Janna Kramer from Wind Down with Janna Kramer. Have you ever felt that uneasy anxiety when the 4:00 PM hour strikes the creeping meal related distress that happens when you don't quite feel prepared? You know, dinner dread, let's get rid of that unpleasant feeling forever with one word Stouffers. No matter what happens, you'll have a dinner plan that everyone loves with Stouffers, some chicken enchiladas, or a cheesy chicken and broccoli pasta Bake is always welcome, whether it is plan A or Plan D. Delicious. When The clock strikes dinner, think Stouffers Shop now for family favorites.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God, DJ Envy and just hilarious. Had to step out. But Lauren Laro is here And I got my guy, the CEO and founder of the Young Turks Network. Sink is it is Uyghur, right? Jan Yer. Jan Yer. I know, I know. It is a giant pain in the ass. This seems brown. Like a J What? Hey yer, how you even gonna say, that's not even the Turkish way of saying it, but we're just trying to get along, man, It's my guide though. But y'all know I can't pronounce nothing, but how are you sir? I'm good. I'm good, brother. How you doing? I am blessed black and highly favored man. You got this initiative that you have that, that you're launching, that you're trying to recruit Democrats who lean into left wing populism.


You got that right? What does that look like? So that looks like some of what Trump promised. Hey, I'm gonna deliver for the average guy And I hate the establishment, et cetera. But of course he was full of crap and he didn't mean it. And so we said on the young tourists, his brothers, all he's gonna do is do tax cuts for the rich. Right? So that's what he did and that's what he, he wants five and a half trillion dollars in tax cuts for corporations, et cetera. So what we're saying is how about we actually deliver for the average guy h higher wages, okay? Lower drug prices, paid family leave. So you can get a little bit of time off when you have a kid money outta politics and the wars and lower housing prices. So, but in order to do that, you gotta take on big truck companies.


Yeah, you gotta take on private equity that's buying our residential homes and driving up the prices. And so the reason that the Democrats haven't done it in the past is 'cause they're too wedded to the donor class. Absolutely. And so we're saying let's bring the Democratic Party back to what it was. So what it was was serving the average guy, social security, Medicare, Medicaid, all these by the way, super popular programs. So let's go back to passing bills delivering for people and let's get the Democratic party back and kick Trump's ass. You know I Go ahead Lauren. I was gonna say, what you're talking about is economic populism. Oh yeah, yeah. That's it. But how realistic is, is that, 'cause people always say this stuff and then even when they get in a position, it's, there's so much, you gotta fight through so many different tiers of like the house and you know the people that don't agree.


So how realistic is it and what does that timeline look like? Because when you're saying it, I don't, I'm not gonna say it in my time here, it's gonna be generation generations. Yeah, Lauren, I love that question. Okay. Because you are right, that's exactly the question everybody should ask. Okay? Because Democrats get in and then they never do it, right? And so I get super frustrated. First thing they took outta the bill, the covid relief bill under Biden was $15 minimum wage. Now, if you do $15 minimum wage, you not only raise people's wages to the tune of about $92 billion, right? That goes from the richest people in the country, the people who need it the most, who are working, right? But you also raise the wages above that. And then whenever you go to do that, they go, oh no, you can't do that because that'll drive up inflation. No inflation's already here.


I need my wages to go up to keep up with it. Right? So why don't we ever pass any of those things? Because the donor class, so, so look, I, you know, if you're a Democrat, I hate to break it to you, right? So if you're a Republican, I got terrible news for you, okay? But if you're a Democrat, I got bad news, which is that Biden and all those guys, they never meant it. They ne that's why they took $15 minimum wage right? Outta the bill. So why are we different? A no corporate donors, no candidate is allowed to take corporate PAC money if they're with Rebellion PAC. And so, so far we got Rohan the first guy who said no corporate PAC money at all, and he's awesome. And he's the one that worked with Bernie to get $15 minimum wage at Amazon. And when they first started that they're like, oh, you're not gonna be able to pressure Amazon.


You don't have any power. What are you guys gonna do? You progressives, you know, you're always rabble-rousing. And guess what? They got $15 minimum wage at Amazon, right? So Roseman delivering throughout. Now we got Richard Ojeda running in North Carolina nine. That brother almost beat somebody in West Virginia when he was down 50. When that's a r plus 54. So what? But when we get in Lauren, if we don't deliver like Sierra, I'll put the first one up on the board, paid family leave. So that's 12 weeks off from moms after they have a baby. I have had to use that. Yeah. No, I didn't have a baby, but my mom was sick, so I had to use paid family leave. Yeah. And but you know that 85% of Americans don't have paid family leave. I don't know. Would've did without it. Yeah. Emini here. That's crazy not to have, you gotta go back to work the next day, or you gotta burn all your vacation time, all your sick time.


It's so unfair. So that pulls at 84%. What that means is the Democrats and Republicans are full of crap. If you can't pass something that said 84%, you are not trying. Okay? So what we're gonna do if we win, is we're gonna try and we're gonna try like hell, and we're gonna take out whoever's in our path, whether they're Republicans or Democrats. So if they want to come cry about it, no problem. We're populous, we're ready to kick their ass. So it's not like, oh yeah, like the old days, I'll go, we'll be so kind to our colleagues. Our colleagues are so precious. No, your colleagues aren't that precious. They're the ones who killed all these bills. So I demand accountability for our candidates. I'll do the accountability. If they throw any of these bills under the bus, then we're gonna kick 'em out of the group, but they're not going to, 'cause they're great guys.


And we got another guy coming on May 1st too. I, I think everything that you're saying is great. I just, I feel like it's four years too late. And what Emini here by that is we're talking as if we're in normal times, as if the midterms are just gonna come and we're just gonna go vote and, you know, put the people in or 2028 is just gonna come and we're just gonna go vote. They're already telling us what they're planning to do. They want Trump to run for a third term. I just don't think, I don't think these normal ways of doing things are gonna be able to combat what is currently in the White House. And I don't think we understand that yet because it's just talk. Yeah. When they actually do the things that they say that they're doing, that's when everybody's gonna realize like, oh wait, so we don't have free fair elections no more.


Yeah. So Shami co. Couple of layers to that, right? So first off, we're the only ones as far as I can see, that's actually got a plan, right? So like, And I encourage everybody else, like, if you don't like our plan, great. If you're a Democrat, come up with a different plan, right? And then plant your flag like we're doing and say, Hey, you know, I'm for this or I'm for that. And we're saying we're for economic politic and we're gonna win back Congress. So step one in, in beating Trump and, and also taking over the democratic parties, you gotta win these elections If they're free and fair Elections, right? So now Charlemagne to the point you're making. So at some point, so why were you And I opposed to Trump? We were opposed to him because we were worried that he was gonna do authoritarian crap like this. That's right. Why did you And I worry about Joe Biden, not because we hate Joe Biden, but because we were worried he was gonna lose to Trump.


That's right. Right? That's right. And unfortunately we were right about all of that, right? So, okay, now what's the next step? So I've gone on every kind of show. So I'm here on Breakfast Club, but I've gone on, you know, Patrick, but David and Tim Poole and David PackMan, and Brian Tyler Coone. So every left, right? Everything in between right? Breaking points, et cetera, right? So what I see from the right in that is some of them are hardcore MAGA guys. And if Trump says, and the Constitution, they'll light it on fire, right? But half of them are just bros and they're like, wait, why are we burning the constitution? I thought we were f in favor of the Constitution. So you're beginning to see that when I first said that, people were like, oh, get outta here. There's no way every Trump voter's a racist, na fascist, et cetera.


But wait, and then all of a sudden Trump burns up the stock market and Dave Portnoy, who supported Trump, is out there going, what the hell? I just lost $20 million. Okay? I don't like this. I don't like this. And I don't blame him. You know, I don't, I don't have the 20 million to lose, but I know I'd be mad. Okay? So that's financial. You go to Rogan and Rogan's like, wait, wait, wait, wait. Why? What are we getting ready to do process for? Why are we locking people up without even bringing them to a court? What part of that is America? And it isn't America, right? You got Candace Owens talking about them taking away freedom of speech. Yeah. Yeah. So, and, and look, you are seeing on behalf of Israel, they're snatching up people off the streets. And so that's Emini here. It doesn't get any more cancel culture than I'm gonna arrest you with mass men.


I'm gonna deport you Emini here that's canceling your life, right? And so they cancel their diplomas, et cetera. So I see all that. But my point to you, Charlamagne, is that you'd be surprised at how many other people see that. So, so he came in at around 50%, which is as high as he's ever been. Boom. Last pull out, he's down to 40, opposes 59%. He's already in a 19 point hole and he's going south. So if he goes to cancel elections, for example, it's, I wouldn't put anything past him, right? But at that point, it's not just gonna be us on the left. And it's not just gonna be minorities, it's gonna be people like Rogan and others who go, no, no, no, no. We signed up for lower prices. We signed up for closing the border. We signed up for some of the things you And I might agree with or disagree with, but we didn't sign up for this.


Right? But then what happens when he starts locking up the media? Yeah. So look, here's your bellwether, okay? He locks me up. We're in a lot of trouble, okay? But here I am on the front lines, I oppose him a hundred percent. I'm doing a democratic movement to make sure he loses in Congress. I'm Muslim, I'm a huge critic of Israel and I'm a naturalized citizen. Okay? So if anyone's on the front line, I'm at the very, very front of that line and I'm saying, come get me. Okay? So I'm okay with It. No, don't, don't say that. Don't give him a reason. Don't say that. No, my point is though, guys, if we all panic, we're not gonna get anything done. I agree with that. Okay. So let's all stay calm. Let's come up, let's do a plan.


I got, here I am with a plan to actually take power away from him in 2026. If you got a better plan, I'm all ears, right? But what I can't have is no plan. No, I'm, which I, I'm, I I don't wanna be pessimistic. I just wonder if, if we're all too late. Yeah, I don't think so. That's literally what I, that's that's literally what I want. Yeah. Yeah. So, well, getting to the audience, if, you know, in a couple of months I'm gone and Charlemagne's gone. Yeah, well, you better act, you better do something right? Because then we're at the precipice of almost too late. Yeah. And that's when we're gonna see who, what everybody's all about. Who is Joe Rogan, right? Who are all these bros, right? Did they actually mean it when they said freedom? Because they, they talk about freedom 24 7, right?


When they were in the minority, they were like freedom, freedom, freedom, freedom of speech, freedom of this, freedom of that. They get in the control. They're like, no arrest everybody who cares about due process, et cetera. So, okay, hardcore mag is gonna believe that. But all other Trump voters, who are you? Yeah. Do you believe in America or don't you believe in America? 'cause if you get rid of due process, that's western civilization, that is a cornerstone. That means you hate Western civilization. You want to go backwards to kings and dictators, et cetera. So if that's who you are, just raise your hand. Raise your hand. But if you're a Trump voter, like, dude, I just want to lower prices, right? I just, I thought crime is a little outta control. I didn't ask for this crap. And by the way, that's what 59% of the country's saying. Now, we didn't ask for this crap.


So let's go, let's go, let's get animated. Go to Rebellion PAC dot com, get in the game. We're asking for candidates. You wanna run against these guys? Let's go. Right? You volunteers, donations, whatever you need. But let's go. So go help Richard OTA in North Carolina. He's in an r plus that, look, let me give you a, a scenario. So Rohan's an incumbent. He's already great. He was co-chair of Bernie's campaign. We all know and love Roe, right? So, and then by the way, our populous plank signed by, of course, Nina Turner. Love Nina. Yep. Cara Eastman, Marie Newman. And by the way, Dan Osborne, who's an independent, who ran Nebraska, signed the populist plan. Those six things that I talked to you about. 'cause everybody loves it, right? So now we're saying, now look at Ojeda. Ojeda is in an r plus 10 district.


And that is super hard to win. That is a Republican. It's not even a purple district, it's a red district. It's got Fort Brag. But he's a retired army major. He served in Fort Bragg for 16 years. And he's an absolute ass kicker. He almost won in West Virginia once in an r plus 54. He almost ca overcame 54 points. Why? 'cause his ads were like, after drug companies, okay? F all these corporations who are screwing you and taking money outta your pocket. And people are like, yeah, I like that. Right? So we can win those independence back. They just wanted populism. They, they, they didn't know that Trump was full of crap Emini here for us. We think, how could they not know?


How could they not know? But remember how sick they are of the system. That's right. Right? And the system's super corrupt. So Trump was lucky and smart. He was the first guy to raise his hand and go, this is all corrupt. I, you know, you hate this, I hate this. Now he's even more corrupt. But people didn't know that. They thought they were signing up for anti-corruption. So my point charlamagne is why don't we actually give a manti corruption, get money outta politics. These donors will run the whole place and we know it. So if you're a Democrat, don't tell me the donors don't run, don't run the place. Come on. I think, I think it's ridiculous. Even when they try to say things, you know, all these conversations about oligarchy, oligarchy, oligarchy. Now Bernie and a OC, they can go out there and say, fight the oligarchy.


Yes. Hakeem Jeffries, you can't say that. Okay? Like, cut it out. We know that you've taken so much money from corporate donors. So it's just weird to to see them, you know, push back against oligarchy now and say, look at the billionaires controlling Trump. It's like, really? Yeah. Emini here. Hakeem really trust you on what? Really? But don't you need, don't you don't you have to lean into like the donors at some point. Like you need money in big corporate corporations to move at some point though, right? So how does that work with what you're plan is? Because they not gonna wanna lean in and help you if you're opposing everything that they're trying to control you to do. So where does the money, where does the power come from? Yeah. So another great question. So last time I co-founded Justice Democrats and so that's a OC et cetera.


And so we got the same questions, especially back then. 'cause we hadn't pulled off the miraculous a OC victory yet, right? So people are like a OC, she's a bartender. Han Omar, she had everything she Did to leave. She's the girl. Yeah. And so we said watch, okay? And especially my co-founders, they were so gung-ho on a OC, they went all in on her and they said, you watch what we're gonna do. And we did it and we won that election and made a big difference, right? So this time around, so are the corporations gonna oppose us? Hell yeah. Do we want 'em to oppose us? Yes. I don't want their help. I don't need their help. Their help is toxic. 'cause their help comes with a price tag. Charlemagne's. A hundred percent. Right? You know what Hakeem Jeff was just doing? We just reported on the Young Turks.


He just collected $1.2 million, went over to the bankers. Wow. Like one of 'em had to pay a $6 million fine for ripping people off. Another one had to pay like some gigantic, like 60 or $600 million fine, because he ripped people off. And he is like, no, no, it's all good. I got money from corporations. No, it's not all good. I don't want that money. That money's toxic. So, but at the end of the day, Lauren, if we don't get the money out of the system completely, then we're at a big disadvantage. So our job is to get inside the gates, open the doors for real populous real people, Americans to come into Congress, but most importantly, capture the Democratic party at the top, which I'll get to in a second. And then just take the donor money out. Because you can't do it unless you're at the top.


But if you're at the top, you give me a populous president, And I promise you we're gonna take that money out. So how? Right? Because because Democrats were used to in our lifetime, they get in and they go, oh, there's nothing I could do. Well, hold on, dude, you just got there. You got there. What do you mean you didn't even try yet? You're in day two, you're telling me you don't, there's nothing you could do. Like Joe Biden on day two, he is like, oh, $15 minute wage. Nothing I could do. I'm gonna take it out. Wow. What do you mean there's nothing you can do In there? Let, didn't try. You didn't Even, you didn't even get a vote on it. You know why? Because the corporations don't want higher wages. They want lower wages. Right? Why don't we have paid family leave? 'cause corporations like, oh, that's gonna cost me a couple of nickels, right? And I don't, I don't care about moms.


I want them back on the assembly line. Right? So all these guys on the Democratic side, this says, oh, I wanna work with corporations. And eventually 20 years from now, 200 years from now, they're gonna be patriotic and they're gonna be on our side. No, they're not. You just gotta get their money out because they, we live under corporate rule. Like they're squeezing us and squeezing us. They, like, I keep telling people, look man, don't fight left or right. Fight up. Right? Yeah, yeah. Like if you're looking to follow the money. Yeah. And why do they do these wedge issues where they drive us apart, right? Like go, they go find the super obscure trans sports professional, this, that, the other thing because they're trying to find a way to divide us.


Because if we're fighting left and right, we're never gonna be able to get united enough to fight the folks who actually have power up top. So, and, and you can do a constitutional amendment. So this is an impor super important part of the plan. 'cause if you win in these red and purple districts in 2026, then we get the credibility to say, Hey listen, this establishment told you that they know what they're doing and that they were definitely gonna win. And then you got Hillary Clinton, and then you got Kamala Harris. Sorry, but you didn't know. You said you knew, but you didn't know. We said, we do know, we think we can get miraculous victories like a OC and we did know we were Right. Right. And now I'm telling you again, we're gonna get miraculous victories in purple and red districts.


And when we do that, don't tell me we don't know. We know, right? So then you take that credibility and you go, now you wanna run the same old corporate sto on the democratic side. Or do you wanna run a strong progressive popula who's gonna say, let's go get this thing done, let's bring this back to the party of FDR, let's pass important bills that change people's lives. 'cause guys, if we haven't passed the bills, Lauren, to your original point, then we didn't do anything. Like if I get Ojeda in and the next guy coming in May and row and we get 'em all in and they don't pass any bills, then we didn't get anything done. That's just ego gratification. Right? What Do you think about what David Hodge is doing? I like it. I love it. Yep. Yeah, so they're all crying.


And I saw a headline just this morning right before I came in about, oh, they're, you know, they're gonna give him an ultimatum at the DNC. Of course they're, because they're, they're corruption PR protection wrap racket, right? So they're like, oh yeah, how you can't primary incumbents. Why, why can't I, why can't you? Yeah. And then in mainstream media, they do this every time. They're like, oh, you know, you're just going against Democrats. Yeah. With other Democrats Yeah. With cleaner Democrats and Democrats more likely to win, more likely to beat Republicans and Democrats Willing to fight. Exactly. Yeah. So, and then DNC goes, how dare you fight David Hogg. You, you better not fight. You better know your role. So I love that he doesn't know his role. Now I don't know who his candidates are, but God bless him.


I don't really care. Like, and by the way, he's, I keep saying, if you say, Hey Jink, I I don't like your economic populism. I just wanna focus on culture wars or this or that. The other thing, and or I think corporations aren't that, but great brother, plant your flag. Run your candidates. We'll see you all in the primaries, right? And so in the beginning, like for a lot of our candidates, there isn't gonna be any primary 'cause they're so tough races that the Democrats are like, oh, there's a candidate, there's a good candidate. Thank God. Right? But for, in 2028, we'll see you all in the primary. If you think your guy's better put up your Gavin Newsom with his slick hair, put up your Pete Buty making excuses after for all the donors, and we'll bring our strong populace and let game on.


Let's do this. I do like Pete. I like Pete. And the reason I like Pete, 'cause I remember having a conversation with Pete here on Breakfast Club. This was a while ago. Like this was years ago actually. And I was like, we were talking about having this conversation about taking corporate money. And I'm like, can you trust a politician who takes corporate money? And he goes, well, when you take corporate money, he said, you, you can take corporate money, but you just can't tell these, these corporations can't tell you what to do. And I'm like, I don't think that's possible. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. Like, I don't think it's possible to take the corporate money and not be beholden to the corporate donors. Now if, if you are a politician that can do that, great for you. I just don't know if it can happen. I haven't seen it. Yeah. So look, here's the deal with Buttigieg. So Buttigieg is really smart and he, he makes a good case for Democrats.


So we, when he goes on Fox News and he makes Democratic case, God bless you brother, no problem. Everybody's, I'm happy to have everybody on our team, right? But he takes a lot of corporate money. And so I'm worried about it, I'm super worried about it. And I'm sorry, but I'm not gonna cross my fingers and hope for the best. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, we've done that too many times. Yeah. But I'm not trying to rule anybody out, right? Like I'm just saying, Hey listen, you run your race, we'll run our race and let's all get on the same team. Let's beat Trump in 2026. And this is the most important thing, pick the strongest candidate in 28. 'cause the Democratic Party always tells you to pick the weakest candidate, the most corporate candidate, the most establishment candidate.


Stop listening to them. They don't know what they're talking about. They're the same guys who told you to Joe Biden was young and dynamic, right? They're lying to you. Sorry, We, we've had this conversation. There's only one person I think could come in. 'cause I don't think that the, the Democrats need to be rehabilitated. I think it needs to be destroyed and rebuilt. Period. Who could come in and, and Do that? John Stewart. Yeah. Okay. He's the only one that makes it. Now. Now if I had to pick an elected official, it's gonna have to be a governor, right? Because you can just look at the work they did in their state. To me that would be Governor Josh Shapiro. Other than that John Stewart. So I, I backed Josh Shapiro for vp. I love Tim Walls though. That was a great pick. So, so no harm done in my opinion on that. But, but Shapiro's a great governor.


And could he win an election? Yeah, he could win an election. So, and he's even done some little bit of anti-corruption work in Pennsylvania. I'll take it, I'll take it. That's a good start, right? So I'm again not hating on anyone. God bless. Okay. So, and Shapiro is I think among the best of them. So, but look on our side, we got Hanana, we got Nina Turner, we got a OC we got a lot of strong people. Now outside of politics, we got John Stewart, right? You know, Stephen A. Smith keeps running his mouth about wanting to run. Alright, God bless, whatever. Loves conservative. But yeah, he's too conservative for my taste, blah, blah, blah. But I just don't think he would, I don't think he'd be really taken serious in the general election.


I actually think that it's conservatives that are pushing that messaging more than anybody. 'cause they want Democrats to, to run somebody like Stephen A. Smith. Yeah. 'cause they know they'd win in a landslide. And I, hundred percent And I that Steve is my guy. But that's just how I feel about This. I I agree completely like that. How we feel about Steven as a person and as a sports anchor is different than as a candidate. Right? But the reason I brought him up is because it's not wrong to look at entertainment Emini here. Look, Ronald Reagan was an actor. Donald Trump was a reality show host. He's not even a businessman. He went bankrupt six times. He was known as the king of debt. So, and here he is again, piling up debt on, on top of our heads, right? So John Stewart Charlemagne, how's that for a ticket? No. Hell no. But John Stewart definitely because John, the first two months of 2025 have been quite a year.


Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot.


But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seeds that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Click fast and save big shop our blinds.com. Spring Cyber Monday sale, happening right now. And elevate your space with brand new custom window treatments today. blinds.com is the number one online retailer for custom window treatments, offering you professional support and styles that fit any budget from classic shutters and bamboo shades, even motorized shades for your outdoor space. blinds.com has something for everyone with honest upfront pricing and no hidden fees, DIY, or let us handle everything from Measure to install. blinds.com makes it easy. With free virtual consultations, our design experts will help guide you from start to finish with free samples sent directly to you so you can try before you buy. Plus every order includes our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop line.com Spring Cyber Monday sale going on right now, save up to 45% with minimum purchase. Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% off@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's Go places.


I through it, actually knows what he's talking about. And John Stewart has actually gotten legislation passed. We've seen John Stewart on the Hill fighting for these firefighters here in New York City. Like, and he has a plan. Like I love the Weekly Show. That's one of my favorite podcasts to listen to when I listen to it. My news, I'm on Young Turks, I'm listening to the weekly show every week. Right. And he, the conversations he's having with Democrats, libertarians, conservatives are the best conversations to me right now. Yeah. Lemme make another case for John. Look. So first off, I, I've never seen him be wrong. Okay. And that's a hell of a thing. He's been around for a long, long time, right? Yeah. I haven't seen him be wrong factually. I haven't seen him be wrong on policy in terms of fighting for the average guy.


And that is a super hard record. Even just opinion, even Just Opinion. Agree with that. Yeah. Like I, I don't know that I've ever seen a single thing that Stewart said where I was like, oh, whoa, he lost me there. Right? So incredible record on, on the issues and actually caring. And then you're right. All these politicians always say, oh, there's nothing we could do. Oh, oh no, we're so powerless. John got a bill passed from outside of Congress. That's right. He got more done outside of Congress than people inside Congress. That's right. There's 535 people in there and they couldn't do what John Stewart did from the outside. That's right. So, so he has a record of proving, actually getting bill's pass affecting people's lives. He's right on the policies. We know he's honest, right?


So He can message. Yeah. If They're picking reality show hosts and they're pick Emini here, look, they'll pick Kim Kardashian next. So I'll take John Stewart, right? So let's go. And, but the problem with John is that I like, I don't know if he wants to do it. He doesn't want to. But you know what's interesting when you, I watch the Daily Show and I'm like, I love the Daily Show. You know, I, I make regular appearances on there, but I'm like, you can look at John and tell he should be doing something bigger and it has nothing to do with entertainment. I really think he should be running for some, some type of office and it should be president of the United States America. No. Yeah. He shouldn't mess around with Congress or city council. No. He's gotta run for president. Yeah. So look, last thing on John is that yeah, I kind of feel like Marcus Aurelius in Gladiator where, you know where Maximus says me.


No, it can't be me. And that's what John is saying. Basically me. It can't be me. And Marcus really says to him, brother, that's why it's gotta be you. Mm Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes all the sense in The World. All the sense in The World. Why? Why do you like Rohan so much? Roe's cool. I like Ro, but why do you like him so much? So Couple reasons why he's always leading, right? So while other congressmen are trying to figure out, oh my God, what's the angle? Where should I goro? Like, alright, no, let's go, let's go, let's go get this done. Okay, let's rebuild manufacturing, let's pass these bills. Here it is. Right? So that's number one. You lead by leading. And I haven't seen anyone lead like Roanna, so that's awesome.


Okay. Number two is he gets it. He's talking about economic populism and bringing people jobs, bringing people, bringing higher wages, healthcare, this stuff that people care about, right? Number three, when push comes to shove, you know, young TURs, super hard interview a lot of times, right? So we, you know, we, we were super tough on Tulsi Gabbard when we sniffed out that she wasn't really progressive and she was actually a Republican. I did two incredibly tough interviews with her, on and on and on. And everybody's seen our tough interviews. Rohan comes on, we disagree on something in the middle of the Biden administration. And me and Anna are yelling at him and he is like, I hear you guys, but here's why I thought of what I did.


And then he comes back the next day. Other politicians never come back. Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. Like when you have a disagreement, the guy has strength that he could say, this is what I think, And I don't mind that you think that, and we should exchange these ideas And I'm gonna come back tomorrow And I'm gonna come back the next day and I'm gonna push for what I think is right. Emini here. How many politicians do you see like that? No, that's true. But What, so if, if all goes well and everybody that you want and gets in, y'all are able to start moving and doing all these things. There's gonna be times where y'all gonna have to disappoint people. 'cause everything can't happen the way they need to. How do they handle that? 'cause I think that's another thing that happens with Democrats. They make it seem like they're never gonna disappoint and then they do and then they don't know how to come back from it. You said that right now Trump is his messaging.


Everything was good, but he's doing horrible when it comes to the tariff tariffs. He's blowing it is what you said. Yeah. He is sticking to his ground on like, this is what we need to do. We might lose some people in the midst of it, but it'll make for better according to him later. Y'all might have to do that too. Then what happens? 'cause people will say, you guys are blowing it at that point. Yeah. So first off, Trump isn't really sticking to what he said. He said global tariffs for everyone. Like were at ridiculous, comical levels and we're like, what the, I don't mind tariffs. Like you could protect certain industries with tariffs, right? And rebuild manufacturing. So it's not crazy to do some tariffs, right? But when he announced, oh, I'm gonna do like these unbelievable never heard of before.


Tariffs all across The World we're all like, what are you doing? That's crazy. Right? So then he took that back and then he had the 145% tariffs on China and we're like, you know what iPhones are gonna cost if you do that. Then he took that back, right? So now he's down to still stupid tariffs on China. 'cause they're so gigantic that they're not productive, right? So, et cetera. So now you now flip it back on us. Yeah. Right? Yeah. So what happens, number one, if we do something wrong, just like Ana, he's like, Hey listen, we we do, we fight for what's right. If it turns out we weren't right, then you bring it back, right? So there's no shame in saying, Hey, we tried our best, we tried this and you guys said you didn't love it. So then we're going to next.


So why do we pick like those six bills, right? Anti-war money outta politics, et cetera. Because those are super popular. They're all above two thirds. So if our guy's getting into Congress in 2026, what we're gonna say is not just Republicans, but Democrats too. Why are you all preventing a bill that's at 84%? Why are you all such radicals that you're in the 16%? So, because mainstream media will say, oh, paid family leave. That is a radical progressive idea. Oh no, nobody can pass that. The filibuster. The parliamentarian, right? Yeah. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. 16% is radical. 84% is not radical.


This whole country wants it. 74% of Republicans want it. Over 90% of Democrats want it. Over 80% of the the independents want it. Now, if we can't pass something, we're at an impasse. Why? Because the corporate donors are gonna come in, they're gonna buy the mansions and the cinemas, even if they're out, there's gonna be new mansions of cinemas, et cetera. What are we gonna do? We're gonna start calling people out. So that's what you've never seen in Paul. That's they don't, Especially on the democratic side. No, Trump did It. Yeah, that's right. Help him Do it. And that's, and that's kind of what Emini here by not like he's doing what he said he was gonna do. 'cause he does what he wants. I just mean that like when some, if he says he wants something and it doesn't go his way, he calls people out. He does, he sends a flare scare tactic. He don't care who he lose in the midst of it. That's what I meant by that. Oh, you and Democrats don't do that at all.


Like, they play this like pr you can't scare, you can't ruffle a feather. God is good. Everything is love. That's how we handle issues. I tried to get the VP to call out cinema, I tried to get her to call out Manchin. I tried to get all the Democrats to do it. They just would not do it for whatever reason. So I I I know the reason. And Lauren, that's such, again, a great question, right? Because if we don't call people out, you are not, you can't get it done. So it's like Trump is terrible on policy, but on strategy, I get it right? So like the Democrats say, oh, you can't just intimidate people into voting your way. What do you mean? I just saw Trump do it. I just saw Trump do it like 12 times. That's right, that's right. I, I've seen Trump do it now time and time again. What do you mean you can't do it?


No, it's not that you can't do it, it's that you don't want to do it. Right? And so, and, and Lauren, they take that like God is good. All that attitude as a cover story. Oh, we're so nice, we're so nice that we can't call out our colleagues. That would be mean. But in reality, they're both taking the same donor money and every, and there's a, a saying called revolving door of bad guys, right? So re so what if now that Manchin and cinema are gone, you'll see that there, if the Democrats regained the Senate, there'll be two new bad guys, right? Or eight new bad guys. Oh, now it's Chris Coons and, and car from Delaware. I used To work with Chris Coons. Yeah, well not the best Democrat, but anyway, they'll be the new bad guys, right?


But in reality there's 48 Democrats behind them. And then so what we're gonna do, which is different, especially you get o Jetta in there, you won't be able to stop O Jetta. Okay? Like that guy Emini here, you're gonna love O Jetta. If you, you, you two, you and Char Charlemagne, you and o Jetta would get along so great. Anyways, what we're gonna say is, no sorry, paid family leave. You took this much money from that industry. You took this much money from that industry and that's why you're voting. No. So let's say that we're back into when it was cinema and Manchin and they're blocking all these things. Ojeda and all the new guys would've come in and go, cinema's wrong, manchin's wrong. You know, after they killed paid family leave. And those two voted no, I'm sorry, on minimum wage, they voted no right Afterwards they went to the National Restaurant Association and started collecting checks from them.


'cause the National Restaurant Association was the number one lobby against a higher minimum wage. They're so corrupt and we're rubbing it in people's face and mainstream media covers for them. 24 7. Did you tell everybody how corrupt manchin is? Cinema are. Did you tell 'em that They literally went to go pick up bribes, like legalized bribes the day after the vote. I think one of them was on the day of the vote. So they come in their fancy outfit and they shimmer and then they with their pins. Yeah. And with their pins and they vote no, they go collect their bribes, right? Mainstream media never calls 'em out and Democrats never called them out. We're calling them out, we're calling them out. You hear me saying it about Cinema Mansion, you hear me and Charlemagne talking about it. Hakeem Jeffries, Chuck Schumer talking about billionaire buddies.


He's like doing talking points like, oh, Republicans and they're billionaire buddies. Come on Chuck. Hey brother, come on. Come on man. Many billionaire buddies, do you have Exactly right? So if you don't call him out, you're never gonna get anything done. That's the one thing Trump is right about. So let's get our guy in. But that, unlike Trump isn't just for himself, but for once, for once actually looks out for all of us. So that's why honesty is more important than anything else. That's why I talk about John Stewart. That's why I talk about Rohan. 'cause I think that, And I talk about Nina Turner and those folks because they're honest. Here's the three things that they share. Honesty, smart, and strong. Absolutely. Those are the three things you need without all three.


You you, it's not the right guy. To your Point about, you know, Trump like, and Trump came in as an outsider, I'm gonna come in And I'm gonna drain the swamp. Is the Democratic brand so toxic that regardless of how good the candidates are, the brand of Democrat will hurt them? No, not at all. So like, is it toxic for the moment being in places like, you know, Kansas, Nebraska, et cetera? Well, even there, yes and no. Like Kara Eastman, who's the executive director of Rebellion PAC that's running this, you know, rebellion now Kara nearly won in the middle of Nebraska by, and so she lost my opponent. And I have to Don Bacon. Why? 'cause the corrupt Democrat that she beat in a primary ran an a ad against her saying, Hey, if you're a Democrat, vote against her.


So like she had it. My point is, and then James Thompson, Brent Welder almost won in the middle of Kansas. And then Tracy, then a person who was against welder wound up winning that seat. So we can win anywhere. And remember Kentucky, West Virginia used to be deeply democratic states. Why? 'cause they were populist. Kentucky and West Virginia are not conservative. They're populist. There's a difference, right? Like if we run a re, if we, if rebellion's successful enough that we help in picking the Democratic candidate and we're involved in that 2028 race, I would argue our headquarters should be in Kentucky. Okay? Because to say to people, we are not doing this just for blue states.


We are not doing this for the elites. We're doing this and we're bringing the Democratic party back to its populous roots where they dominated in Kentucky and West Virginia. So they, we do it everywhere. We win everywhere. And so then you rescue the brand. It's because it's not like the brand wasn't great under FDR Emini here. The brother won four terms, right? And the country loved him. They still love him. The brand was strong under JFK. So the brand can be rescued and there is no option anyway. Whatcha gonna do go Republican. You can't go Republican, right? So, but You got create a third party a a viable, I think a viable third party party. It sounds like that's what you guys have anyway. No, no, no. So the reason they'll Never let a third party win as Yeah, Well it's not just that, look, the third party, unfortunately, the way that the system is structured, it's not like I didn't look into it.


We looked into it a lot, right? So you need to be almost a billionaire to run as a third party candidate because just getting on the ballot costs so much money. And I was asking about the donors and the money. I'm like, it sounds like y'all are another third party trying to come together. Y'all need the money. 'cause if not, y'all don't have the platform and like the glitz and the glamor that you need to become those two main candidates. But so here's the thing, Lauren. So okay, they say third party, that's so difficult, et cetera, taking over the Democratic party. It's really difficult. But wait, is it? 'cause Trump took over the Republican party with no problems, right? So what did he do? He came in and, but he ran As a Republican, right? So he came, he ran as a Republican, first of all actually.


Did you guys know he originally ran in 2000 as an independent Yeah, absolutely. And got smoked because independent third parties near impossible, right? But he's like, oh wait, I got a better idea. Why don't I just go inside the Republican tent and just take it? Right? And I remember I called that he was gonna win in like NOV October or November of 2015 before they even started voting in, in the primaries in 2016. You know why I saw the debate where he said, I gave money to everybody else on this stage. They took it and they did whatever I told 'em. I'm like, that's it. He's gonna win God. Okay. So you get somebody like that, but actually means well and actually represents the average American and people can sense it, right? Put 'em on a democratic stage.


Why don't we just take the Democratic party? So like, people are always talking about, hey, maybe we should rebuild a new car and you know, Hyundai or whatever, there's a Bentley right over there. Why don't we go take that one and, and besides which the guy driving the Bentley is asleep at the wheel, like, oh, how it's gonna be really hard to take it from Chuck Schumer. Is it, Is it, are you telling Charla? Are you telling Charmagne Ray? No, John Stewart. Okay. I I, I love this idea. I love what you're doing. I love what David Hodge is doing. I think it's fantastic. You know? Yeah. I just, I tell him how to support. Alright, so first of all, Rebellion PAC dot com, since we're not taking corporate money, we need a lot of grassroots donors. Last time for just Democrats, the Young Turks audience raised two and a half million dollars.


Wow. This time let's double it, right? Let's get these guys some real juice and we're gonna get 'em on all the shows and all the podcasts get their voice out there. They're not afraid. They're not afraid. They love their message. They want to tell their message. Okay? So Rebellion PAC dot com, but also volunteer, right? And also if you can, if you want to, and we've already, I announced it yesterday already, a whole bunch of people going through the candidate process. So that's how we found a OC by the way, when we did just Democrats Wow. Her brother nominated her. Wow. So it was like an application or Something? It was like an application. Okay, we have an application on Rebellion PAC dot com. You Gotta tell me what you saw. What did you see on that application? So, so I, I was a co-founder. I mainly did the media part. I named the group, et cetera. But Kott, who's now running against Nancy Pelosi and, and Corbin Tr and Zach actually, those guys were the co-founders who were handling that stuff.


And what they saw was, here's someone who cares about the community, who's busting her ass, trying to make a difference and doing it and getting things done when she's just a bartender, right? So she meaning like she's working her ass off at a regular job and she's having trouble paying the bills, yet she's out there helping the community and she's getting it done. And the community's telling us back, same thing with Jamal Bowman, this amazing teacher in New York. You guys gotta meet this guy. Okay? Cory Bush, this amazing nurse, and she's on the frontline all the time in Ferguson, in St. Louis, et cetera. So that's how we find folks. Look, we can't run everybody. You know, you gotta be judicious and you gotta find the best people.


So I don't wanna give people false hope. You gotta come correct and then you, and you gotta be great, right? But if you are doing that and you're an honest person, Rebellion PAC dot com, we're gonna at least consider you as the Democratic Party wouldn't, right? So, okay. Then the other way is just keep up with the young Turks. Like we're on on YouTube six o'clock every night, six to eight o'clock, me and Anna, right? And so we're gonna give news about all the updates and stuff, and then we're gonna, I'm sure how have amazing people join our advisory board to help us win. Like maybe Charlemagne Nah, I would, I I'll play, I would do that. Yeah. That, that makes sense. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Let's, let's talk about it. Okay. I would love that. Right? Absolutely. And we got some other folks that are, you know, interested in joining the advisory board that I think would be amazing.


Let's get a wide variety, right? Everywhere, everyone Charlemagne from you to like, I want a Harvard law professor, Larry Less, again, he's a godfather of money in politics. Get money outta politics. And so let's get smart, passionate people to actually overcome the system that we have here. And so, look, if you give up, they win. Absolutely. If you stay on your couch, they win, right? But if you get up and try look, protests, I love it. They, it needs a step two. And this is step two, right? Step two is we actually go win and take back Congress. Step three is we go take over the Democratic party and win the country over and actually pass the bills, right?


But step one's great. Get in the game somehow, right? Yeah. Make some noise. Make some noise. Volunteer for Rebellion, PAC, go to protest. Do and or you just, you heard somebody's got a better idea. Do that idea, right? Like get in the game because the minute you sit down and lose hope is the minute they win because their number one enemy is hope. If we all have hope in our hearts, then we're all gonna keep rising up and rising up and rising up, and they're not gonna be able to stop us. But the minute we lose hope is the minute that they've won. So that's why a lot of the doom and gloom these days is super understandable. 'cause he Trump has really run a rough shot over the Constitution.


On the other hand, I don't want people to get depressed, like depression doesn't help us at all, right? I want you to get activated. And by the way, the other thing is emotional release. Like you can, you could hate Trump. And as you can tell from me, like not a fan of Trump, right? But we're not about hating Trump. We're about beating Trump, right? Because if what I'm worried about is you hate him, hate him, hate him, and you get so angry and depressed and you stay home and you, and you lose hope, and you lose faith, right? Don't do that. 'cause that helps Trump. Your depression helps Trump. He wants you depressed. Don't let him do it. Get up and fight back. And you can yell like at his voters.


But that's not gonna help. Remember, we want the independence back on our side. That's right. Remember that he's at 59% disapproval. That means we're winning. He's losing. That means those independents are movable. Just because they voted for Trump doesn't mean they're gonna stay with Trump. Let's go win those guys back. And the way that you win 'em back by is by offering a positive solution like we're doing. We're gonna actually improve your lives. We're actually gonna make things better for you. We're actually gonna be honest. We're actually gonna deliver for you. That's how you get people back up in the streets with hope, fighting back in a productive way. Get the independence back and let's win these elections and let's pass these bills. Tell 'em where to find you, man.


So young Tur on YouTube, six eight o'clock. You could of course find it on t yt.com as well. And Rebellion PAC dot com to help this movement Rebellion PAC dot com and your Instagram's and all of That. So at Shank Ger and at the Young Turks, and you'll be able to find us on all the platforms. My man, shank, thank you for joining us, brother. Thank You Charlamagne. Appreciate it. Thank you, Lauren. Of course, great questions. Really appreciated it. Thanks For combo. This is The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up early in the morning.


The Breakfast Club Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This is Jana Kramer from Wind Down with Jana Kramer. Have you ever felt that uneasy anxiety when the 4:00 PM hour strikes the creeping meal related distress that happens when you don't quite feel prepared? You know, dinner dread. Let's get rid of that unpleasant feeling forever with one word, Stouffers. No matter what happens, you'll have a dinner plan that everyone loves with Stouffers, some chicken enchiladas, or a cheesy chicken and broccoli pasta Bake is always welcome, whether it is plan A or Plan Delicious when The clock strikes dinner, think Stouffers. Shop now for family favorites


In The heat of battle your squad relies on you, don't let them down. Unlock elite gaming tech@lenovo.com. Dominate every match with next level speed, seamless streaming and performance that won't quit. So you can push your gameplay beyond performance. With Intel core ultra processors for the next era of gaming. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E, and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search power up@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other ais often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if you know, you know choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com and let us know how you feel the difference.