
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a P'S programs Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You got some special guests in the building this morning? Yes indeed. We got the Alchemist. We got Larry June and two Chainz. Welcome. Good morning. You look, Your album life is beautiful. It's out right now. Early album of the year Contender. It's still early. It's only February early album of the year. Contender man, I appreciate that man. TA came in here like where's my picture on the wall. I'm walking around here. But his picture is right there next To, he got his Feet up. He got his feet up. No, I hadn't been to this location. I hadn't Been. It's the first time here. Yeah, it's my first time. Oh, It's been a minute since you've been up here. Yeah.


So how y'all brothers feeling? Ain't feeling good man, how about you? I'm good man. Well first of all, Chainz had to make the walk. Number one. He a legend. That's number one. But number two, Chainz was the first, the first Breakfast club show we ever did. Oh boy. And the first person phone stole story us or anything was two Chainz. And how'd you get two Chainz around? All that don't matter. That's bad. Nah, nah, Nah. That Don't matter. Jess, you weren't here so no, at the time we didn't have no money. Right. So two Chainz did it for the love and Charlamagne was supposed to handle transportation and They were, Chainz was Red hot Emini here? Red hot, like red hot like early two early incarnate what? What's the word? Incarnations of two Chainz. I don't know what red hot where that is. But Charlemagne was supposed to handle car service. Charlemagne man had a car.


Charlemagne didn't say it was a caravan. Picked up two Chainz in the caravan. Yes, yes he did. Oh man, you just thought that was cool. Like I didn't had no money. He thought he started off, But you supposed to let a nigga know a van gonna come pick him up and not a black child. I Didn't know they was going in a van. I thought they had S SUV V or so. But Chainz n he never, he never be, never complained, never complained, never talked about y and always never talked about always show love. We always appreciate. Thank you sirs up. How y'all three link up for this album? How we do it? Yeah. Well let me see. I know Larry And I worked together before. Yeah, I'm a fan of his music, you know what I'm saying? He a player, you know what I'm saying? And I'm a player and I don't know, we had a conversation like just about doing a couple of records.


Yeah. And he, he's somebody that that's into like cohesiveness and everything. So he was like, we just need to do one producer. You know what I'm saying? We gonna rob an owl. And it just started becoming like, you know what I'm saying, every time a song was finished it started becoming just dope and dope. You know what Emini here. Yeah. And I felt like man, we probably need to do about six, seven more. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Before you knew it, it is like what he said a early contender for album of the year. And How did Alba get into play? How, why was he the producer? Why he was the one that's like, this is the sound we want for this one. Didn't y'all lock in? We had, we were already working. Like we had been talking for a while. We had a couple records in motion like the last couple Years I've been working with Al. But with me, a lot of my projects, they would have different producers.


So I would have two or three al type joints on it feel good. But people would just kind of go towards the party records or the trap records. So it felt good for me just to do what I really like to do best is, and that's a rap, You know two Chainz little, those real hip hop beat that boom bat. You know what Emini here? That sun dun yo Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo. What about those type of that sound energizes your pin though? Ch Ah, my voice is able to cut through on samples with the trap drums. I be having to like kind of yell a little bit. I can sit down and record when I'm doing these songs. I'll be having to stand up and record trap songs and then, And I be having to kind of be creative and sometime it hit it and sometime it miss, but I have to be creative around the drums and kind of of peek my head out.


But with those loops and things like that, I'm able just to get my idea across Looser. Yeah, you can get looser on those beats smooth. 'cause it's like, it's just a filet. It's not like, you know, like it's kind of understated the production. So it leaves room for like the lyricists. Like if you, if you got something to say on those type of beats, you're gonna flourish, you know, change Larry. Sure. You those type of MCs, like less is more expound On that Emini here. Like a filet? Like a, yeah, like a raw filet of music versus like a stacked up. Like I would like compare like a trap beat to something that's layered up I guess bogs on a vocal or something. Some of these are kind of just raw and it's just like a mood, you know what Emini here, where it's like there just to, just to move their pen. So it's like the focus is on the lyricists and you know, Emini here, Chainz, I don't, he's been one the people who know music know two Chainz has always been top tier with the pen, but he always had the knack to make hit records too.


Exactly. You know, but I, that never fooled me. Like I could tell the MCs like a big Sean or somebody who's like, yo, he makes hit records, but he can rap like Yeah, extremely well. Like with anybody who you would put on any list, you know? So, So that's your circumference zone. A trap is not really a trap. You just do for us. You ain't really, that Ain't nah. So of course I trap before. Right? Right. And even on this type of subject matter, I talk about the streets and the trap, but early on I'm always throw tech under the bus for this. You know, early on I was doing a mix tape. It was called All Ice on Me. It was a double mix tape. And I had who doing? Oh was it, it was you and who else? Tech Scream. It was him and Scream. And then I gave tech like some my yo kids stuff and he was like, boy, I don't want, I want some boy gimme some of that trap.


And then when I gave him some of that trap, he came back with like data saying, boy, I'm telling you, they rocking with this right here. So he was more as a manager, more data driven as far as like what the people were kind of leaning towards. When I would drop a project that had some, some lyrics and some trap stuff, you know what Emini here. But you know, I'm in, I'm in this thing to like, to show growth anyway and to show that anything's possible. You know what I'm saying? I ain't getting my millions towers out 30, you know what I'm saying? I'm still out here having more motion in the ocean. You know what I'm saying? Businesses doing good. The rap's gonna come out. We gonna talk about how we got these businesses in this passive income going, we gonna pop it like that. You know what I'm saying? I ain't spending no blocks. I ain't got time to go to jail, leave my family.


I ain't on no yeah. Crash dummy mission. You could never get me like that. So it's just like, I just stay out the way. I'm very, very highly confident in everything I do. And so that's my comfort zone knowing that when I walk in the room, my, my chin up, my chest out, I'm like that. You know what I'm saying? Like, man, God did his thing with me. Now You like to collaborate a lot Chase, like, it feels like you like competing, right? Whether it's early on with, with Drake or it is with Wayne is with Larry June. Why is that you never fall back. You always, it seems like you wanna do that more. I think Atlanta is a place that we just are into doing collaborations, you know what I'm saying? Atlanta artists always, we always work together and work with different people. We never had that problem. Problem. You know what, Emini here. So like I said, I respect Larry.


I wanted, I wanted to do this project. It wasn't Larry idea. I was like, we ought to do this. You know what I'm saying? And I was Just like, I I wanna do it too. Yeah. I'm just letting you know, like I, I Emini here. I go to Vegas, I go to Miami. I tell DJ, man put on that smoothies in 1991. I tell him, man, I wanna hear that before I get outta here. You know what I'm saying? So it was just about, it was just genuine organic, like his campaign. It was just Orca organic love. And so it came, It came together organic too though. Like it wasn't even, we didn't think too much about it. It just kind of came. He had, he had a few records with Al sent it to me and then we just kept that shit rocking. It was real smooth. What I like about you Larry, you rap about, you rap about a lot of health and, and and, and, and organic living.


Like what got you into a mindfulness lifestyle and what made you start putting that in in your music? You know, I started a little, like, I dropped my first mix tape when I was 15 And I was kind of talking about a lot of shit that I wasn't really like fully into then I, I had just tuned into my real, what I was into and like my actual life. And when I started rapping about my day-to-day shit, they just, they start working for me. You know what Emini here, I'm kind of like him. I didn't make no, no bread until, until my thirties really too. So, you know, Emini here had to go through the ups and downs and really finding myself as a artist and when I start talking about the shit that I really like to do and just kind of started coming natural for me. So early on you had a lot of cap in your rap? Yeah, I was, I was 15, 16, you know, I just kind of more influenced by the hip hop, you know what Emini here and the shit, you know what Emini here and just finding myself as an artist, you know what Emini here and when I started doing that and really like follow on like what I want to do and start working Out.


Did somebody tell you or did you, you just check yourself? Did somebody be like, come on bro. Nobody didn't tell me I was around all that. You know, I'm from that, you know, I so kind of, that was like my, my environment and shit. But it was just more like, what can I bring different to the game? I was like, you know, it's only one me. I can talk about my life and what I do and people relate to it. Some people might not, but you know, people will, And I'm thankful that some people do. You talk about financial literacy a lot too, which is interesting 'cause you know, two Chainz, he, he, he, he talks about flexing a lot, right? So, and, and, and spending a lot. So how did that, you know, mesh in the studio Listening to a lot of audio books, you know, in high school like, you know, Robert Kawasaki and shit like, and stuff like that.


And just, just trying to do better, you know, what Emini here coming from that environment and you know, just trying to switch it up and do something different and have longevity in my career. So I start acknowledging myself about things like that and just, you know, putting it into the music, you know what Emini here and letting people know not to major and minor things, but I still, I still flag. I talk my shit, my flex a little different. You know what Emini here I might talk about a $15 orange juice or some shitter like that. But I'm the saying way. Hop out, Hop out with the illa suit. The bucket hat. The Bucket hat cock to the side. Very peaceful. You know what I'm talking about. Now you, you got a bunch of singles that you drop on like different platforms like streaming platforms and then YouTube exclusives. How do you like figure out what's going drop where?


Because they in different places. So when I do the, just the YouTube shit, I just put it out. I don't think too much about it. I just put it out. Just more just for the, for the fans and just keeping it going. I don't really think, I don't think too much about it. Yeah, I talked to Dave, but let's just do it. Like, fuck it, let's do it. Just do whatever we feel. I don't really think too much about It. What, what do you like about Larry as an Mc Al Emini here when you know first Lincoln with him? It was like first like the tone, you know, like I go off of music, you know, I obviously rest in peace Prodigy And I was like my brother, we did a lot of music together and sometime it's just like the tone, it's something similar I heard with Bodie James.


It was like Larry Tone was crazy and then I was actually late once I got hip to his shit, it was like he was deep in, I had to go back and like, do you know, 'cause like with Larry Music you could, you need a tour guide because he got so many different styles. Like it just depends who takes you through it, you know, the right way. Yeah. And it was like, I dug into his music and was like, okay, I'll figure it out after a while. Okay. I feel, I feel like I could make something that'll fit to it, you know what I'm saying? And then when we started working, we did like one joint, I think it was with Jay Worthy who, who linked us up and then it sounded good. And for me if I, if I can get one, it sounds good, you know? And then we, We did the Monaco joint. Yeah. Yeah. For your album Joint.


Yeah. Before we did great skate. We did one joint for his album. And it was like, I felt like there was potential. 'cause sometimes you do one record with somebody and it's like one and done. And sometimes you build a better relationship. Plus it's like my brother now. Yeah. Yeah. Larry is super likable. Like he's just one of the coolest dude. Like, this is my brother. So, you know, in music you build relationships sometimes beyond How long did this, this project take? 'cause I saw in the interview you said if you, Larry, you said rapping too long gives you anxiety. How Do you cope with that? I working with change. He, he, he changed that, but he, he, he works so quick and he, he on he on my phone with a verse. With a verse. I had to switch my whole program up. So this is pretty quick. You know what Emini here, we got a few records we didn't put out yet.


And it was, I ain't, I was keeping up with Chainz. I ain't gonna lie. He was, he was giving me the sauce And I was, yeah. See what I can do to become different on here. So like, work, working with Chainz and Al like definitely took me out my element. You know what Emini here, different patterns and topics and, and just making me a better mc. I'm, I'm very thankful. Is that pressure though? Yeah. Huh? Is that pressure when he on your line by a verse? It it ain't, it ain't pressure. It is more like I'm just, I'm, I'm getting better. You know what Emini here, he, he a real lyricist. He really, really do this shit. So like he get me like style And I ain't even thought about even doing Emini here, rapping like this and try this and it's putting me in a different box. Just like when I did the greatest skate too. Yeah. I would telling him, I'm like man, I love these beast dudes. He was putting me you Emini here in the deep.


He made us, I think he made us both step up. Yeah. Just 'cause of the level that changed is as a artist and as a perfectionist. Like we went out to Atlanta and got to work with him and his lab and just got to like get his energy and his world. That was Like, that's understanding how they work is different. Super impressive. Like when he got Built up, I don sleep in his, in his city. It's like I went home like as a different animal just seeing his operation. Like James is a mastermind. So both of us going out there seeing his operation in Atlanta was like super motivating. Like yeah we gotta, I want, I want to ask You, I feel like Wayne was on you like that James like I feel like, I feel like I can see you and Wayne working together and Wayne hitting you up. Like where is the verse? The song is done. Nah, this what me and Wayne, we, this what we was, that's why I was on him like that.


'cause I'm used to Wayne shooting it right back. I'm used to thinking I'm finna smoke this guy. And he sent it back with some, some crazy shit with his wind level and some lyrics in it. And so it was just like telling Larry, just don't, don't overthink it. Like come on. You know what Emini here. So with with me and Tune, we actually have hundreds of, we work really fast together. He's someone that I can go in the, I can go in the booth with half an idea and finish it up once I get in the booth and then Wayne will go in the booth with a whole idea. So he'll just one take the whole thing all the way through. So it's just different rhyme styles. But actually working with him has made me a better artist. Like he said I did for him. So it's cool to be able to like trickle down and pass that energy on because me doing two projects with Wayne, I'd be lying if I say I ain't get better, you know what I'm saying?


Rocking with him. You know. I was gonna ask you, you mentioned earlier with Prodigy two questions with that. Are you surprised about how much love that Prodigy's getting now in the last couple of years? I feel like people are dissecting what he's been saying And I think they missed it before. I've been seeing it more and more and more recently. I always felt like that was gonna happen. Like they become like more legendary after, you know, 'cause they did so much work, it was like insane and you could just peel back layers of prodigy's rhymes. Like he went so far. He was so ahead of his time that it's like, and even them, it's funny them being small too. I always felt like them being these two little guys, like they would be rediscovered in 20 years by some young kids.


Like Mob Deep, they, if some kid finds them in 20 years, they're gonna hit it. Strike a gold mine. Like they, they're geography is like unmatched and you know, yeah. Emini here. P'S Legend lives like he did more than the average person while he was here and he even left behind a lot of stuff. So we're lucky enough to be working on a new Mob D project. So there's another Mob D album coming. Yeah, we have Change It look like what? Yeah, yeah. Nah, it's me and have doing the Beats Love and you know, NAS is involved and That's hard. Yeah man, it's, it feels great. Just even just like when you hear his voice, yeah. Again, you're gonna be like, Yeah, wow. Be hard. You know what I'm saying? Like how much we missed it.


It's a void. It's not hearing his voice anymore. You know what Emini here did Metro reach out to you? Because when he was inspired, like it seemed like Prodigy inspired those last couple of projects. I reached out to him actually and thanked him for that because I thought that was so dope when they sampled his voice throughout the album, it just kept his spirit alive. That was just super And plus, you know, him and Future had a little bit of history as well. Who Prodigy p and Future were. Cool. There's a video that they never came out with that p is in actually a future video and it never came. I forget what song it was, but they were, they were Cool. I thought it was a dope contrast to have South Artist with the, that would've been crazy from somebody as hip hop is p I know that PI thought that was dope. But I think we keeping the traditional alive, even doing this, that's dope.


Absolutely. Like doing, you know, me coming from, you know, you know what I, my history and then link with somebody like Change and Larry and just bringing it all together. You know? I was ask You have a Bar when you, when you, that was my second question. Do you have a bar of artists that you work with? Like you'd be like, I'm not working with him because it's just this doesn't fit. Or is it like I give everybody opportunity like Larry June Fist Chainz fits certain ones Should, somebody else might not fit that might say, yo, I need Alchemist beat A beat. Cool. But yeah, certain artists fit more where I feel like I could make whole project with like, you know, rock Marcy, you know, Bodie, James, Larry, June, two Chainz, of course Prodigy And I, you know, I do have some like repeat, you know, friends that I work with Consistently. I told him, I told him I'm gonna make him a pop producer by rocking with me.


We done had them conversation like nah, you know, low key underground like boy stock make ass pop out here. I think I get the jacket put on me sometimes we be in this like Pures keep it real hip hop boom. I'm really not that And I don't want to, I love music. I don't want to be put in a box. I don't want to be limited. Even when we did generations, you know, join on the album at first Change was like, he didn't even want to hear any of those beats. Yeah. Because we started that record together first and he was like, I don't want those shorty Like the Alchemist trap. I like man, like, Because to me I, I have different bags I go in. Yeah, depending on the artist. Like if you listen to the Rock Marcia album I did last December, those beats sound nothing like these. So I, I know how to like kind of create different palettes but that joint, the first change was like, we going to use this for something else.


And then we thought about it and was like, you know what, we should add that into the album because it's like, it's blending the sounds a little bit. I don't want to, I'm not a purist. I'm not like, I hate that other stuff. Keep it real hip hop. I love all there's good in there's bad, right? I don, you know, in every category. To me I love that song. Generations, you know, the hook is we, the generation got all these kids on the dirty Sprite. We the generation got got them on the pers every night. We the generation got 'em on switches. What was the conversation about that hook? Because Larry, you from that generation that was influenced by a lot of that. So I know y'all had to have a conversation about that song. Man, we, we did. It's just the truth. The, it just was, it just, when you look at, you know how it is. You know everybody, when you get a little older, they, they try to unc you to death.


They try to, you know, they try to drink more syrup than you to death. They try to smoke more whatever than you to death. You gotta be like, bro, we the one turn y'all out. You know what I'm saying? We the one got y'all. It's like when I go back And I listen to somebody like Eight Ball and MJG who I came up on, they had songs like Armed Robbery. They had me lurking, you know what Emini here. And so it's the same thing that I know. If it wasn't the music, it's the videos, it's the long blunts and videos we had. It's the double cup. This stuff y'all daddy was attracted to. And then y'all come up and, well not y'all, I'm just talking about in general, you know what I'm saying? Some people come up and so that's where the the generation idea came from. Like we kind of the generation that kinda might have messed up some stuff.


You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Lack of parental advisory going on nowadays. So you know, lack of church, God and everything, you know what I'm saying? So that's where the idea for generation. So how do you course correct that though? Or do you even try to course correct it? Do you just acknowledge it, Hey I know we did that. I think you just acknowledge it for me, you know, I, you know, I know it take more than one person to, to try to save The World. You know what Emini here. And so trying to be, you know, a frontline soldier was just not my idea for this. It was just more like finding a creative way to say we started a lot of what's going on right now.


And it could go both ways too. That's why I thought the hook was dope. 'cause it could be positive or negative. Like we, the generation did it. Or it could be like an admission of guilt. Yeah. And I'm sorry. Yeah, it is growth. We did this, You know what I'm saying? Talk about carry his kids and his businesses too. But he also letting you know where he came from and where he, you know, his growth. You know, he young and that's the environment he was in and he letting you know where he at now he talk about the LLCs and things like that. So I see. I look at it as growth, like, you know what Emini here, we the generation, but you know what I'm saying. Look at me now. Like I got multiple businesses. Like I'm taking care of my kids. I'm, I'm coaching, I'm, you know what Emini here. So I, I thought it was dope man. The next generation is more prone to listening to somebody who went through it too. Yeah, yeah. And survived it. Sure.


Than they are to somebody who just telling them, Hey don't do this and that. But you didn't go through none of that. Yeah, yeah. To Change back in, back in October you had a announced that you wasn't with Def Jam no more, you wasn't gonna resign. You were a free agent. Is that still? Yeah, this was my first independent project that I've dropped. Like, I don't know man, 20 since 20 maybe 11 or something. 2010, I'm not sure. 2012. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. 2012 my first boats. But I was signed a couple months before that. But yeah, this was my first independent project. I just wanted to kind of like test the waters. I don't have anything against step jam. I've been with them over a decade. Found, you know, it was, it's ups and downs in everything, you know what I'm saying?


But at the same time I built a lot of relationships. I, you know, it was, this was just kind of stuff right here. Just a phone call for Yeah. For me to get up here and stuff like that. Don't nobody have to set up my New York promo or anything like that. You know what Emini here. So it was just about getting out here, you know, and it's, it's, it's, it's for me the best of both worlds. I had some great things happen on the major side and now I'm learning how to operate in the independent space. Yeah. And it's, and it's, it's, it's freedom. Do you like it? Yeah, because like they was like, we need to drop this next month. I was like, we can do we, We Drop this next month. Like yeah we need to drop. They was looking on, it was like Christmas. They was like, we need to come next, the end of January.


Then I started being like, damn these boy, this shit Shouts the empire. Yeah, But you also got money to Chainz. Like everybody can't be independent. That's the part of the independence folks don't talk about. You Got to have the paper. You gotta Have. Yeah, it's, yeah. The paper ain't no Yeah. You the budget now. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I ain't fully wrap my head around. These tech was calling me about them ish and fifties and sixties. I don we just chill. They can't, they can't get on Zoom. It's going way out there. It is like, it just be different when you playing. You know how it is. I describe it, you know when you have somebody else money, I describe it like this. I just, I describe like when you get a rental car, you don't never like stop over speed miles.


You just jump them. You be like boom. And then when you get your own car, you do like a, you know what I'm saying? You do like a thing. So when you got other people money, you more reckless. You know what I'm saying? That is what I'm trying to say. You got other people money, you for me, I'm not going to, you know, fuck up the bag but I might be a little bit more reckless. But when it's my money, You go over that speed bump, malow man what? But there the difference between having your own studio and paying for studio time. When you have your own studio you can work, go to sleep, come back. When you paying for studio time, in my opinion, you ain't even got time to go pee. You got to goddamn get this work in you got, you know what I'm saying? Can't be here. So that's just been my mindset to be efficient. So what do you like more major? Indy? I haven't been independent. You say October. So not even six months yet.


But I'm for this to be my first independent project, I'm geek now for this to be my fir and then you know, me come this way, I'm kind of, it look like a reinvention of tonio. You know, I might come out, you know, I'm like, what you About when, when you spend other people's money, steal your money. Yeah. You gotta pay it back. Gotta pay it back. So tax you steal your money. Yeah. That's probably why I'm so efficient with they Check. So do numbers matter this time around though? Do numbers matter? 'cause it's, it's a whole different game For me. I kinda ain't been stunned numbers for a long time because like, I'm be real. I don't, I don't, me or my team, we not, we so late to the bot party and the streaming party, once you hear about it and who doing and all that stuff, you kinda get discouraged like, man, you know, a lot of people are helping themselves or whatever you want to call it or cheating or whatever it's called.


But then I think about how I go in the studio nightly. I come up with this stuff. Nobody's beside me helping me come up with a hood. Nobody, I'm, I don't know if this is smart or not, no one has helped me write something to, I don't know what it is, but I'm able to go in and still come up with a dope idea every single night. That's what give me the, the life I got with this stuff. You know what I'm saying? Other than that, I think, you know, I I, I'll probably be somewhere else with it. But me knowing I can go tonight and make a, make something incredible. That's what got me. You You in D too, right? Larry? Yeah. You got your own company, right? Yep. That's from the beginning? Yep. Nah, I was Warner Warner Brothers in like 2017 for like two years. Did a couple EPS with them and then I, I went like fully distro kid for like a couple years.


Like just straight on on the, the cellphone app. And then I, I teamed double Empire. What'd You, what do you like better? Distribution man? I like independent. Yeah, because I can just to go drop shit whenever I wanna do it. I don't gotta think too much about it. I don't look at the numbers at all. I might say it a lot, but I just put it out And I, it's more like a, a long term game for me. It's like, like buying stocks in yourself. Like we putting the music out there, it's streaming, you know, you streaming now you gotta just click that button and it's coming. So it's like stocks. I'm putting that shit out. Either go like it or you don't like it. But yeah, It's not about acknowledgement, it's about your art. I don't gotta go platinum or none that I would love to, you know what Emini here. But I'm just keeping it going. Just keeping it going And I expressing my mind through the, through the music and people relating to it And I don't think nothing of it.


You know what, Emini here And then tonight y'all performing Jimmy Fallon show. Yeah. This is your first my first time late Night tv. TV My first time here too. It is crazy. Legendary man. I'm over here looking around like, damn this motherfucker Who gave you the game, Larry? 'cause Emini here. You got such a good head on your shoulders. Emini here. Like I said, you talk about financial literacy, you talk about mindfulness. One of the bars I love on this album, you said, I never had a bitch that was hard to keep found out. Found one solid hole was all I needed. I'm like, for, for such a, for a young man to understand that, especially the lifestyle you live in. Yeah. That's expound on that line for me. Just from, you know, you know, I, I had my kid early 19, you know what Emini here And I, you know, I was forced into being a, a single father very early And I just kind of changed my mindset on even like having women around period.


Like, you know, my son ain't been around multiple women at all. So it was like just showing him like, because I'm not married or nothing like that. So he never really got to see, see that. So I had to always like let him know that, look, I'm not married like this, but it's, it's good to get married, you know, if having one person that you're dealing with. And I wasn't always like that. But as I got older I started understanding like, man, one solid woman can change everything. And You say older you 33? Yeah, I'm, I'm, you know, but yeah, I'm still doing numbers. Numbers, Yeah. Yeah man. No, I feel like I, I feel like I done lay this shit like a couple times. I like, I ain't gonna hold you. I feel like I'm way older and I feel like they know peace.


Peace. Like having one solid woman is peace. You know what Emini here, I feel like you know what Emini here, I haven't really experienced that fully yet. You know what Emini here, but I'm getting there. You know what Emini here. But I think it bring a lot of peace. It can help you work more. And I realize that when I was recording that song, so was It, was it your father, your uncle? Just life like It was more of life. 'cause I had, I used to have a multiple, you know, I was a multiple kind of guy. Like, you know, I had honeycomb high that was, you know what I'm saying, spots like a cheetah. You know what Emini here, you know, so I was, I was moving and grooving and it was taking up too, too much of my time and you know what I'm saying from like working and distractions, being with my kid and dealing with this situation and this happened And I got caught texting too much extra shit.


Like, you know what I'm talking about? So yeah, that, that's kind of where that line came from. How important is that James? 'cause you, you know, you, you are married man yourself, you always see you out with your queen. How important is that to have that? Oh it's very important for me man. Especially having somebody, the matriarch to take care of the, make sure the home straight. Make sure the little miscellaneous stuff straight. Yeah. Someone that fully supports me, listens to my music, critiques me. She sent me a very, very dope message the morning I woke up, the first message I read was from was from Keisha saying basically saying I was a lyrical guy. Just big, just doing what she's supposed to do. My ego, you know what I'm saying? Massaging that thing. Yeah, yeah. You know, and so, yeah, you know, me and her, we laugh every single day, man.


We got the same habits, you know what I'm saying? We go out, you know what I'm saying? She come to Candy Land with me. It's just like, you know what I'm saying? When you find somebody like that, I love that line as well. You know what I'm saying? We shot the video for that. I thought I was like bomb. I'm saying one, one. But I don't think they kept my part The video. But anyway, that's why it was cool working with him because even though the difference between him And I think Wayne is, Wayne is a more metaphoric type of mc, you know what I'm saying? Style Mc, you know what I'm saying? And a word play physics with Larry. He just like very direct lifestyle driven, you know what I'm saying? And so it was cool for me to pop out my lifestyle. Like, bro, I'm having this going on, let me talk.


You know what I'm saying? It was more like, it was more like cool ways to express that you not dumb. You know what I'm saying? That's what this project really is. Just a cool way to express that. Like you man, there ain't, that ain't no dumb brothers right there. You what? I'm, You inspired me too seeing you, how you move with your wife. I'm like, yeah, that's how you do it. Like that's how, that's how you rocking and you got your kids and that's real. You know what Emini here, I was really inspired by that. You know what Emini here, even you talking about your wife all the time. Like yeah, that's, that's how you do it. You know, that's real bullshit. Every boss got they queen. You know what I'm talking about, right? So yeah. How old is your son? 13. You just turned 13. He at the hotel right now. He at, I had to bring him out school for this man. But, But see, okay, so how does that work? You know what Emini here, because you don't hear about a lot of single dads with these careers.


How do you juggle That? It's tough. How he was touring with me since he was little. Like, you know what Emini here, I potty trained him on a sprinter van. You know what Emini here. So like sometimes I can make it work like my dad, he had helped me on my, my grandmother and my mom fly in and help. But it get times like this where it's like, you gotta slide, come On. Yeah. Pack up that Right. We, we get the online working, you get get 'em a room and we just try to, we just get it done And I just, I'm just trying to make it happen. It do get tough. Yeah. And I tell you, it it be on your, on your conscience. Like damn, I'm doing the right thing as a parent. You need to be at school for these three days or whatever. But he, he learning other things too. Different circumstances, learning other things. So, and he, he very like ahead of the game for that, just from traveling with us and seeing different things, being able to meet, you know what Emini here artists and, and he, you know, he a big inspiration behind Y'all.


Talk about that though. On life is beautiful. Y'all talk about trying to balance being a father, you know, and y'all career. So that's conversation. Did y'all have off the mic? I think it's just evident just the energy. He, he he gonna talk, you know, Emini here, he spoke about Eli a couple times and then, you know, I'm, I'm helo like the second highest earner in my household. You know what I'm saying? He get money. How do you do with your son?


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed and at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up, add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a P'S programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apus.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


I seen your son hollering at women. No Halo like That. You tell him chill out a little bit. Wait a little bit. Or I ain't never told Halo to even be humble. No, you that cock did that. Yeah, you don't stay there. You that confident, cocky, don't even man humble. We don't. 'cause he always ask me what this mean, what this mean. If he ever ask me what humble me, I'm like, I don't know. I don't know. Stay like you are. And it's just about installing confidence, especially in, you know, young black boys. You know what I'm saying? I'm on him about, you know, getting his books done, whether he reading on the way to train or whatever. But it's just, you know, it's a blessing to have because I honestly feel like he is a direct reflection of my father who passed in 2012. Mm. So I felt like Halo, he just too mature to be nine years old.


So he certainly is. Yeah. So I'd be like, man, any sarcastic, just like my dad was. So I really, I'm into, you know, I'm a spiritual type of person so I'm, I'm, I'm kind of into that And then my two girls are they growing up driving. My oldest is driving to school. So it just like, you look up man, next thing you know, you know the house gonna be empty in a little bit, whatever that is. You know what I'm saying? But it was cool to kind of pop about it over these type of vibe vibes, you know what I'm saying? And that's, that's, that's what it is. I don't think it's about what the numbers we going to do. I think if we thought about that we would've drop the week of the Super Bowl knowing that that's gonna height Kendrick's numbers. You know what I'm saying? I think it was about putting out a project that has replay value.


Yeah. I haven't heard one person that just played at one time. Hmm. I keep saying I can't take it out. I can't stop playing it And I, I can sleep good at night knowing that. What do you want Halo to do man? Because sky's the limit for a young halo. Oh, halo. So what do you want him to do? Like you personally as a father, what would you want to see? Halo going to the league. Okay. He going to league. So you want him, He going to the league. That's all I just really say, you know. Did you go to the Super Bowl? No, I didn't go. I didn't go to the Super Bowl. I watched it at my studio back in Atlanta with a couple other guys. I had the chef cook And I just, I actually had a show in Chicago on Saturday with Jeezy and so I came back to Atlanta Sunday 'cause I wasn't sure how it was some question marks about the New Orleans trip.


And I just came home and chill like, And I came back out here yesterday and we shot a video last night. And that's another thing he got, he got an awesome team. That's why I like working with Larry too. He got a really, really awesome team. And they would, they with this stuff I'm on like let's shoot, let's, you know what I'm do it now anytime. I love that. I love that. And so I landed at 11. We shot the video like one, you know what I'm saying? He up, I'm up, we came and you know, so, And I'm coming straight from Vegas. I had that club live right before, like first soon we go out the airplane, we straight to the, to the video. But it be hard. It is we getting it done. We look back like happy we did all day on the move. Kind of tired, but like looking back, we did that shit. Now Coming from the Bay area, how difficult is it to get that sound out right?


Because a lot of times when people think of the Bay Area artists, they put 'em in a box. Yeah, yeah, yeah. How difficult was that For you? You know, you gotta jump over the loops and come from different angles and you gotta be, first you gotta be respected, you know, they gotta know something about you. Like know that you ain't like this, a random dude talking about this and that, but you gotta jump over them loops. Like I was, I was blessed to be able to have connections in a TL you know, living in a TL when I was a kid and coming from a different angle and working with people over there. Like one of my first mix tapes was with TM 88 A the way Mafia. He gave me a beat pack and that was my neighbor, you know what Emini here? They thought me and him was brothers growing up. So I was, I started trying to get into it. I hit him like, man, I need a P Beats. That's the dope thing about Atlanta. Just everybody just co-mingles with each other.


Like, that's the dope thing. Do A move to Atlanta if you want to. And just my first, the, the, the way I met Wayne was just like this. I was, I was obviously selling weed and, but I was obviously selling, selling, I was selling weed, but I was using the money to, to book Studio Time at Patchwork, which is like a renowned studio in Atlanta that's owned by one of the ex Falcons players. Everybody would be in there, you know, that's where people went. And so I was in like a little B room and baby them from cash money was in the a room 30 cash money dudes, whatever, whatever. So somebody came to me and say, Hey, them boys, them boys next door need some weed. So I'm like, shit, I come over there. You know what I'm saying?


It's like the number one, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm being cool, but like, he wasn't smoking that time, but he had some other guys, they take my weed. I'm telling them I think the zips was like four 50 at the time, you know? Okay. You know what I'm saying? I take, I give 'em the zips. Don't no money come, you know, say damn, I'm have to, I don't know, I can't give nobody no weed. I ain't in that position. Yeah. So I ended up going to New Orleans with them, following them about this 900, 900 Bother them about this 900. And so this was, this was before Katrina. I, you know, they had all these mansions. Everybody had a mansion. They had a mansion for everybody.


Then everybody had their own mansion. Right. And I'm staying in the mansion for everybody. They got a big jacuzzi as a living room sofa. It, it is many years ago. And at this point, I'm not a full rapper. I'm a trapper. And one day Wayne comes over and we go out in like the indoor pool and we smoke some gas together. You know what I'm saying? And that I, that's how I met Wayne following baby to New Orleans about these $900 that he he'll eventually. Did you ever get the $900? I got, I got the money. Okay, okay. Okay. He came in with a new car. He was like, y'all something about the car. I came out that I said, Hey man, hey og, I really, I'm really going need I'm way in New Orleans. Really?


He, Oh, so here you go slim. He did it. So yeah, you should Never collected it. So every time you see him you could be like, yo, you owe me. That would've been more valuable. You, Nah, I, I need, he needed it. Then I looked up, I was on the way to New Orleans about that. I'm like, they go my all slim, we out here, we out. Where we going? Let's, I'm going, I ain't got nothing to do. I go to New Orleans, but I'm 900. But you know, You ever thought about changing your name again? Because you went from Titty Boy to two Chainz and now you, you know, you a mogul. You ever thought about I go by Tony. Okay. Ton Antonio. Ton, ton album. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't say two Chainz, the whole album. Damn. I ain't even think about that. I did. Dang. But that was intentional.


Absolutely. Intentional. Wow. Now I wanna ask a hip hop question. Favorite production on a beat? Mine is always shook Ones mob deep that I'll start with you. Alchemist. Favorite production Of all time? All Time Emini. Here I, I'll Just say maybe. So what you saying? EPMD. That beat always, I ain't ready for that. You Ain't ready for that Because I shoot one, you know, I just picked one. No, if we was talking about favorite like al, you know we had to be a certain producer. I can't Just say favorite beat of all time. I don't think That's tough. Too broad. That's too broad. That's Wild. Broad, ain't it? How many damn songs? Because just that one song that you always hear that beep, it's just like, oh. And that's always shook one for me. Every time I hear Shook one, it's Like, but then you hear set it off in the party.


You be set it out. You know what I'm saying? You got all these, you Know what I'm saying? It's all These different pockets. Plenty. Yeah. Just I think for me it is mood. I'm mood, I'm mood drift Moody. Yeah, Me too. I'm a mood guy. So this morning when I woke up, I listened to life. It's beautiful because that's what mood I was in not Right, Right. Larry? I want, oh, go ahead Larry. My young canyon. I heard that be and that thing, it was stupid. Like it just came on. It was like a movie when I can see it. You know what Emini here, I, I saw it like when the beat came on, it was like, That was the last song we did too. That was Number one. And the intro was the Last one we did. We did that in Atlanta. When We did, we did that. Boy. No, we did that in in Atlanta. No, we did that in la. Yeah, we did that in LA Like four in the morning.


Remember nigga? Oh yeah, that's right. But it was the last song we did. Yeah, that's right. Party. Why did y'all name the album? Life is Beautiful. That's how we was feeling at the time. Like life was feeling Beautiful. Change. Change came up with that one, right? Yeah. Because honestly the song that, that Larry did Life is beautiful. I really love that song. I really love that song. I love it. Appreciate that. The context, the content of it. And then when I thought about it, and obviously I thought about it before the, 'cause I thought about the LA fires as well because I got homes in LA and so I was like, But any of them affected? Nah man, God is good. Thank God I'm trying to sell one y'all, so I'll let me, but, but I said it to say that I didn't wanna be offensive to somebody whose life wasn't beautiful at the time, but I kind of just over, I overruled my opinion on that.


And I just brought it to the guys. I think we should call life as beautiful because I think if you just got life period. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? If you just got life that alone period. That's, that's what I was trying to like, you know what I'm saying? Pinpoint right there. One, one line I love on the record to you said, I don't gate keep, I want everybody to eat. And that, that's very true about you. Has there been a time when a, a gatekeeper tried to keep you up All the time? Man, You said it Smiling. I'm, I'm, I'm impressionable man. I'm, you know, I'm, I'm somebody that somebody probably try to set a screen or try to block on, but man, I'm someone that truly believe that if it's for you, it's for you. So, but yeah, I've been in out, I'm, I'm saying now we talk about numbers and all that. This is a big secret.


Been going on for years. How people been manipulating the game. Ain't nobody came to say shorty, I just seen a little dude in my, in Candyland in my club. He said I do the billboard stuff short. I said, bill, what's, what's that? I do the billboard. He said the artist name. I ain't even gonna say, he said he tried to show me a page. So I say shit, show that this what you do. You know, you know, because everybody ask for my number. I said, I see you again. If it's meant to be the next night, he and my club with the same jogging suit On And my set. So then when I seen that, my, my antenna say, I don't know if you really about business because you got the same stuff on 'em. Yes. They just judge. You Shouldn't even been judging because boy what he showed me start popping up like little bitty Measles.


So when he can make, make you, you know what he do, he show, He just was like, I do this, I make sure. And we was in the club. That's another thing. I hate talking in the club, can y'all, man, I can't hear y'all And I don't want to get too close club. Yeah, if you spit on I'm go crazy. So that way I kind be, y'all might think I'm funny man. Let's clear us up. Now let's, let's just write a letter or something. Write a letter. Maybe write a, I don't know how we should communicate in the club. If I don't give you my number, let me think on it. But just getting really close to me. If I'm sitting down over me, I hate that. So I'm gonna stand up and if you in my ear, I don't like that it's too loud. It's too loud. Then I gotta bad timing.


I gotta see which one is the, the unclog. This. I'd be like, maybe this, I'm, I got headphones all the time, so I don't know, you know, that's just a part. But I did see some stuff and then it popped up a couple weeks later. So I probably need to find Lil buddy. What about you Larry? You the same shit nigga be on to be back in the club. Same outfit like I heard you go The Breakfast Club, right? Nah, he got the, he got the recipe S right. We going, we going to outstream Kendrick this week. I'm gonna call him. Damn. That system Riggs up real quick. What about you Larry? And you two? I don, Yeah, I, I think a few times, you know what Emini here, but I don't really see it as much.


I'm not gonna lie, I be in my own bubble. But I think people do try to gate keep, but I try to do my thing so much that I can avoid that as much as possible. And I focused on the, I'm more like fan driven, like for the people. So you can try to gate keep with the, if the people rocking with me, all the haters, it don't even matter. The people. It's the people. I'm still doing digits. You know what Emini here, I'm still pulling up, hopping out, drinking orange juice, popping my shit Rory talking about Rory and shit. You know, I'm talking about, that's 'cause I'm focused on the people. You know what Emini here, the, the fans like listen to all the outside and shit. I don't really, you know, they go, oh you shouldn't do this or you can't get him on that show then woo, whoa, fuck it. We gonna keep going outside. We gonna keep popping that trunk. We gonna keep doing numbers. You know what Emini here, What about you out They try to keep you away from certain artists and Emini Here, just straight up Gatekeeping is corny.


It's just lame, corny, corny. And anybody who does that is like a sucker to me. Like you're insecure. You know what I'm saying? To me, gatekeeping has gotta be some of the dumbest shit. Like there was some stuff I encountered over the years, but more than that I encountered the opposite. Like DJ Premiere, like when I first met him and was around him, like I met JayZ my first time with Premier and he was like, yo, this is Al, he's dope. He got beats. And what I took from that was like, premier's the utmost level of secure. Yeah. He's not afraid. I'm a if you gate keeping, you must be afraid that these next guys are gonna come take your spot for sure. Get up outta there. That's nasty. That's nasty. I don't, I don't prove of gate keeping. Like we, we stand against that. You know what Emini here right Now, you didn't meet the Grams originally.


Was that a gospel record or supposed to be a gospel Record? The sample is from a gospel gospel record. Yeah. What gospel artist you made that dog shit for? Oh Yeah. No I didn't. Oh, you just sampled a what? Yeah. Nah, And I, I, you know Yeah, that's, that's a gospel record. Yeah. The sample was, How do you feel when people make your beats like Dish records? It happens a lot to me. It Does happen to you a Lot like 50 over the animal thing back then. And it was the Bang Bang. And I become like, I wanna to be Switzerland. Really? I try to tell the rappers, Hey I'm Switzerland, like leave me out of it. You know, I don't, but they end up making me the Battleground Emini here. I'm indifferent to it. It's like I'm not, I don't have a dog, you know, so it's like I make, I make beats.


The people Get mad at you though. 'cause sometimes they, I know you like, but look, here's The beat. I, I don, I'm not a sure for Sure. But you know, in that case I had sent the record to.like year, like excuse me, months before that happened. And like I heard it when everyone else heard it. So it was like, yeah that was one of them situations where it was like, I, I don't like to get involved in stuff but sometimes it happens and you know, it was, you know, it was tricky during the time when p and and Mob Deep and Nas had beef for Jay. It was always a weird thing. You know, it probably stopped me from doing work with Jay back then. You know what Emini here. But all that's faster. Were you supposed to did Y Emini here? There was times we spoke for sure back then. You know what Emini here, like definitely. But you was so Clique with Mob Deep you wasn't that's What Emini here.


You remember back then it was kind of like, it, it was like there are instances where they're like, damn their family and it would kind of be awkward. I Listen man, this is a crazy question because I asked him, I said, do you feel more like a East Coast producer or a West Coast producer? And he was like West Coast a hundred percent. And then we walked into my pizza spot and it was like two New York kids. Yo Yo, yo yo girl, you know Emini here. Yo, yo, I Emini here. I made my bullshit. I ain't never thought about you with the West Coast. Never in my life. You synonymous with East Coast production? No, Emini here. It's where I'm from. Food Disciple Hill. But no, I, I never bro. Thank you. Okay. Alright. Okay, thank you. I definitely made my mark out here. Like if somebody had to tell me to look like the top 10 East Coast producers of all time, I'm putting ants on that Emini here.


Yes, absolute. And I lived, if IY from Queens Emini Here, I put in a lot of work here, you know, so Emini here, it's a blessing. And New York embraced me And I had an opportunity at the time to work with like, think about that era. Like I was working with the lock swab deep, you know, in the time when they was like, they Did get Airplane, I, How did I get? And I went to school. First I went to NYU and then I just stayed here. I was already tied in with mugs. Long story short, he connected me with Mob Deep and that everything happened from there. That's why I love Mob Deep forever. Like, I actually had to ask p when he was beefing with Nas to go work with Nas on God's son. 'cause that's where, going back to the beef thing, I, I respected P is that and P was during their beef and P was like, oh I know you're gonna give him some heap but go out there, go out.


He, he gave me the, the blessing to go do it, which was always appreciated before that. But yeah, Emini here, that's how it started from Mob Deep. It was like, Wasn't we gonna make it for Jay-Z? It Wasn't for him. I played it for him though. Yeah, it hip hop, you know, hip hop, you know, Campbell has been my brother for a long time And I used to go over there and play beats and one time he popped his head and he just checked it out. It wasn't for him I guess, but you know, yeah, Two chain. Why did you lie to Drake about being good? Hendricks said two Chain said you good, but he lied. Why? Why, why what? Why you do that? I don't, you know, I just think it was kind of like some word play.


'cause Drake And I got a song called No Lie. And so when he said he lied, I just felt like, I don't know, but I didn't take it as no kind way. I don't think he was taking a shot at me. I've heard all type of instances where somebody want me to say something back. I just think it was a moment where it was about Atlanta artists and you know, I do have a couple plaques with D Drake, probably three or four plaques with D Drake. So I think a lot of that people in that verse got signed with him. So that was just Kendrick whale just dialing in on some subject matter type stuff. When you first heard it, what was your reaction? Well I can tell you that, I can tell you that people who name me didn't say felt some type of way, you know what I'm saying?


So I don't, I I was okay with it, you know what I'm saying? You got other Atlanta artists like man homies, you know? So I don't, I don That's a little babysit. Little babysit. He, he said keep me outta that And I don't want my name in. Yeah. Some people didn't want their name. Some people was like, why he didn't say my name And it just, you know, like it just a moment. It was just a moment that, you know, but it, it didn't do nothing to me. I know, I think my, my harmony, my, my middle kid definitely said somebody asked at school but it, it didn't get, it didn't get Hector or nothing. It wasn't, I Wasn't hear about it. I ain't even lie. Yeah, Larry, the you ain't never heard Not Like Us. No, I didn't hear, I didn't hear no Name. Nah. He said when you do the Atlanta lines, the Last verse, I never heard that full song but he lied.


Really? No, I didn't hear that full song On purpose. Like you rap for the light skin, you like I refuse to looking for this radio. I fuck with everybody. Okay. I just didn't particularly hear that, that song fully. I heard a lot on Instagram and stuff like that, you know, be moving. I was doing an album on him at the time so I wasn't really listening to too much shit though like that. But you know, Kendrick, it's so Luke Kendrick, he, he hard like respect the Kendrick for sure. I just didn't know he brought you up. That's crazy. You never heard that. That last verse, by the way is a phenomenal last verse. I Did some people comment on the picture, like kept saying like, what the fuck they talking about. I did see that book. I've never heard it. It three, you know what it is, you know it, it is not a lot of songs with three verses anymore. Oh it's three verses. Exactly. So It's three verses.


It is the third. You know what Emini here, that's my opinion. I don't think it's a big song. A lot of songs days are Just, yeah, I don't believe I don believe That's on everything I love. Yeah, nah, he not, He not camera lying. He in his own bubble. That's why I love it Wayne. That's why I love him. Me. That's why I love me, you know what I'm Saying? Just be in my own bubble Emini here. Of course I know some of the things I need to know, but I really be clueless to a lot of stuff and I'm cool with that. I'm just cool with that. You ain't here when Kendrick did you on the for first Larry, How we coming already? You Like the month for June Up? Oh God. How, one last question for change, how does it make you feel when you hit guys like Tyler the creator co-signing this album?


Life is beautiful and he actually said two Chainz, you on this type of time is yes, with a bunch of S's It, it feels good. I have a great rapport with Tyler. I don't think people know, you know what I'm saying? Great rapport and he's booked me for Flog. No, before when I was in a wheelchair he booked me and was in the front. So I've listened to his last couple of albums and supported what he has done and then I guess this one just spoke to him and he has a lot of influence. So it felt good for him to not hold his nuts on something that he thought was very tasteful and he didn't have, I didn't ask him to do anything and he just did it.


So, you know, a lot of these artists are gatekeeper. I don't know if you wanna call Gate, That's another version of gatekeeping. It is Not props You. I Can't let nobody know as hard. Like I told think I deal with that sometimes. Sometimes with that it don't matter. Tyler's A man. I I appreciate that. I respect him Crazy. Me too. Tyler too. Who are your peers Larry? Like what, what's your class Like? Who? Man, that's a good question. I'm, you know, maybe, you know change g ti i, you know, back to E 40. No, that's a different generation. I'm talking about like your class like oh Like my, He said he don't hang with the young Niggas. Damn. He really a old G with, yeah. Yeah. He really like what he really, I grew up, I grew up in your wrong class, grew with like, you know, messy mar juice, the jacket a lot, a lot of classic Bay Area shit.


They was older. I always hung up with a lot of older people. You know what Emini here. So I really didn't really know too many people. But when I was in the a I met, you know, OG MCO T 88, a lot of them rappers like that, that new Atlanta, like the fat man keys and all that, Curtis and all them. So I kind of all that, you know what Emini here. So I I seen that whole era and shit like that. Yeah, I was, I was at 19, I became a father. So like I wasn't really, yeah, I was trying to get my bread up. I didn't have no whip or nothing. I was trying to really, I said I got nine months to, to get my shit together And I just put my head down And I, I just was trying to just create this world for myself. So I That's dope. Yeah, I kind of missed a lot. I didn't go to no proms, I didn't do none of that.


I was strictly, yeah. Life is beautiful now. Well Let's get two, let's get into a joint that I'm what y'all want to hear. Life is beautiful text, Like the single bad choices. What's what up one here? Generation. Generation. Generation. Alright, well let's get into generation. Pick up the album streaming right now. Two Chainz. Larry June The Alchemist. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Suck it To me. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro. I'm gonna rip your arms Off and use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye Ho, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen to my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.