
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Angela R of course is checking in with us as always. And we got a special guest in the building. Secretary of Transportation. Pete Buttigieg, welcome back. Thanks. Good to be back. Good morning. How are you man? Morning. Happy holiday by the way. Same to you. You gonna dump right In? Yeah, jump. Jump right in. Secretary Pete, you are the Secretary of Transportation. What do You know about these manned SUV sized drones flying over New Jersey? Scaring the hell out of us. John Kirby, the National Security Communications Advisors said they were manned. Yep. Yesterday. What do you think of this? So, I mean, we're helping law enforcement work through it all.


Mainly a homeland security issue. Our job is to make sure that any restricted airspace, nothing comes in there that shouldn't be there. That includes airspace over an airport. Sometimes another area could be restricted because it's sensitive, for example, that's close to the Trump Golf Club. There's temporary flight restrictions there. Bigger picture is we're gonna have more and more drones. Obviously if it's manned, that's different, but we're gonna have more and more things entering the airspace. We gotta work to make sure that's safe. This is not a world where anything flying is either an airplane or a helicopter. The drones are getting bigger that look, it can be a good thing to have these resources to deliver. For example, you're in a really hard to reach area.


You can make deliveries, but we're talking about potentially millions of these coming into the airspace. And what we're trying to do at F fa on, especially on the AA side, is coordinate all of that. Make sure it's safe. K John said they're manned. Like whose mans is this? Like, like, like who are these people like and why is it okay? And why wouldn't they inform the public beforehand? Yeah. So They, they know more than I do on the law enforcement side about, about the, the identity of the, of the aircraft. But it is true. Sometimes you look up at something, you think it's one thing. Turns out it's another. I think that's what they've been working through on the law enforcement side. One more quick. Donald Trump was on with Joe Rogan. They had a whole conversation about aliens, not the kind he wants to deport actual retrials. Then Cliff High said 39 days after that interview, we were gonna start having an alien invasion around December 3rd.


That's when all of these SUV sized drones, which I've even seen started getting seen over Jersey. Is it an alien invasion? I mean, no disrespect to New Jersey when I say that, I think it's very unlikely that an alien invasion would begin. Watch your mouth. We lived it tan. I know buddy, but dang. No, no. Nobody wants to come to Jersey. Well, I love New Jersey. I'm just saying, I I don't think that's the kind of main point of entry that that an extra tours. Unless there's something we don't know about. You don't Think aliens Would, A tan may go New Jersey Shore or something Like that? It's wintertime. Oh, you right. American Dream might go skiing. I bet you did. And I think that's how the interview was started. I would, I would, I would go for someplace in the Pacific where there's no inhabited space for a couple of hundred miles so that I could kind of get my bearings before I go anywhere.


Anyone's gonna see me, right? Mm. What if their intelligent life, Well, you still wanna take your time kind of set, set up, set up shop a little bit. What if they been watching this for years already? Yeah, maybe. I don't know. He has anxiety, You know, so Secretary Pete, he's making my anxiety change. Secretary Pete knows something. You wanna take out the secretary of transportation. There's SUV sized, anything flying in the sky, You know about it. There's like millions of things in the national airspace. Right. So I do actually we do have a, we do have a big board at the U-S-D-O-T, which has the, the, the dots kinda show you the tracking of, of commercial aircraft. But no, I, I don't necessarily know all that. Okay. Well how are you feeling? I'm sorry to start like that. How are you feeling? How is everything? You Know, it's an interesting time.


I mean, work-wise what we're focused on is we have more grants. We're we're working to get out the door, make sure we take the funding that's in the president's infrastructure package and assigned it to projects that are gonna make a difference. So we have more announcements coming on that. And then the things we've already announced, it can take years to, to go from a press release saying, You know, congratulations, we're gonna work on the, let's say the Hudson River Tunnel and it actually happening. So we're trying to move that along. We're trying to finalize a lot of policies we set into motion. We just did one a few days ago on airlines. Again, how airlines treat people and, and what kind of compensation you ought to get. That that was launching a policy. We're also finalizing some policies that we launched a while ago.


So we're, we're busy. We're gonna stay busy for the next 38 days that, that we have in these jobs. And I, we gotta talk about the election. How do you feel after the election? What do you think could have been done to make sure that we the Democrats would've got a win? Look, it's tough And I, I gotta be careful how I talk about it. 'cause I'm of course, course I'm here as a federal official. So I can't totally get into campaigns and parties. But I'll say this, I think all politics and all policy is about everyday life. And if people don't feel that that's what we're talking about, then they lose touch with what we have to say. And I think we have a responsibility. I try to do all of our policy making in terms of everyday life. Whether we're doing a, You know, a billion dollar project, how's it gonna make your commute better? Or whether we're doing a regulation, how's it gonna make your life safer?


But we have to communicate about that too. And that gets harder and harder with the noise machine and the culture wars. And I think a lot of folks aren't following kind of mainstream media to get their news anyway. It's just getting tougher and tougher to have that conversation. I still believe at risk of sounding naive, I still believe that if you do the right thing in time, you get credit for it. I saw that happen with the, with Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, where the first time I was running for office in 2010, we got destroyed over that issue. By 2018, it was a winning issue. And even Donald Trump and a Republican Congress couldn't tear it down because the American people wanted, understood that it was helping them.


I I think there's a lot of things like that that we're doing right now. But the, the simple truth is, most of the stuff with infrastructure, most of the stuff we launched in the first half of this decade is going to deliver most of its benefits in the second half of this decade. That's when they cut the ribbon on the, the bridge that we fixed or open the airport terminal that we funded. Or people realize that something like the refund policy we're doing on airlines is working for them. All these ev factories, I I I've toured many of which by the way, are in red States, Indiana, Kentucky, Kansas, most of those, I, when I've toured them, they've been construction sites and they're gonna be, they're already creating all these jobs in the building trades to build them.


But the manufacturing jobs in them, they're coming online in like 20 25, 20 26, 20 27. So we're in this stage where you're not always getting credit for good work. I, I wanna ask one question before you jump in. Angela. What is your thoughts on electric cars? A lot of people feel that the electric vehicles are just as bad as the gas vehicles with the batteries, with the things to, You know, to get rid of them, dispose of them. A lot of people are not sold on them. And, and a lot of manufacturers, people are not necessarily wanting to buy 'em. They're, they're all on lots. Can't sell 'em. There's huge discounts. And I mean, New Jersey now has taxes on 'em. At first, at first that was a good thing that you didn't, if you bought an electric vehicle, you wouldn't be taxed. But now they're starting to tax it.


So what are your thoughts on electric vehicles and, and the public's view on 'em? So I still think it's the future. And I would point out, even with ups and downs in the market every year more people in America choose to buy them than the year before. So it is growing. But look, it's not for everybody. And we never said it would be for everybody right away. The, our, our goal is by the end of the decade, it's about half and a half. If everybody got an electric vehicle tomorrow, America wouldn't be ready. We don't have the chargers, we don't have the grid infrastructure. Yeah. And which is why we're trying to build it. Another thing that we launched in the first half of this decade that'll be coming online in the, in the out years is all these chargers we're, we're, we're supporting the first couple hundred are up now, but eventually thousands and thousands to join the, the, to get to that goal of half a million. Right now, nationally we're 200,000.


We're adding a bunch. Anyway, it's just not true environmentally that it's the same. Oh, it's not. Okay, break that down. A lot of people feel like it's, it's just the same or it's, it's worse. But The thing that's screwing us up day by day in this country is climate change. And that is happening because of carbon pollution. And EVs are one of the ways that we can cut that. 'cause they don't, they don't spit out carbon pollution. Are there issues with the materials that go in the batteries? Absolutely. But one really important thing to remember is that material can be reused. You can recycle the batteries, which will become more and more relevant as you have more old cars. Right now there's not, not a lot of end of life EVs. Right. But there will be. And then the next generation of EVs, those batteries can be made with them.


There's, I mean, any manufactured product, there's environmental issues associated with manufacturing 'em, I don't mean to wave that away, but handling that compared to handling a climate situation, that is almost certainly part of why things like Hurricane Helene and Milton are worse than before. Why are getting heat waves in the Pacific Northwest that aren't even supposed to be statistically possible? Why? One of our big projects is, is dealing with the damage of h Superstorm Sandy here. Like that is happening now. That is not theoretical, that is real. And EVs aren't the answer to all of it. But they're helping. And the thing I care about just as much as that is the job growth. I was back in South Bend where I grew up, where I served as mayor about a week ago when I was mayor.


They were telling us that manufacturing was done. We're we're gonna make things in this country anymore. Definitely if you were in a union like the electrical workers, they told you, You know, you, you might as well give up few, few people a year get into an apprenticeship program. I was there. Now they're gonna have 500 people working on an EV battery factory that is multi-billion dollars Wow. In Saint Joe County. That is bigger than anything that happened in the auto industry. Any investment in the auto industry since the Kennedy years, like since before I was born. It's happening right now. So the other exciting thing is like, let's make sure these EVs are made in America. And I gotta say, I'm not gonna guess what the next administration will do, but I wonder when they're really confronted with the decision of whether to make through on their threats and wreck this ev industry that is employing people in places like where I grew up, whether we're talking about auto workers or whether we're talking about electrical workers.


A lot of other people, are they really gonna pull the rug out from under those workers, many of whom are in red states? I guess we're about to find out. You know, I am, I'm, I'm not gonna have you violate the hijacked, but I think one of the things that has been up for discussion is what's gonna happen with the Democratic party. You're of course a part of the Democratic administration. And recently I was asked who would be a good DNC chair? And you might not like this, but I thought of you, there are a lot of people who, who are jockeying for this position who the country's never heard of. But you had a really phenomenal moment during this campaign cycle, debating, undecided voters.


The video went viral. You were, you're able to communicate in tough places. You come here, you go on Fox, you're able to communicate the messages in ways that I think a lot of the, the Democratic party avoids. Can you talk about whether or not that's something that you would be interested in? And if not who you think would be good not in your official capacity Yeah. In your personal capacity, who you think would be the type of chair they need to see to preserve frankly, whatever they've built in that Party. Yeah. So, well, it's not gonna be me. I care about that a lot, but it's just not, it's not what I'm gonna be doing right now. I'm following it a lot. I I can't get into party stuff too much Yeah. This time. But what I'll say is, You know, whether you're talking about what goes on with the party campaigns or the policy side, and even though we're about to be out of the administration, we've got leaders in obviously communities.


We've got governors and we've got people on Capitol Hill who are going to, I think, show what leadership from my side of the aisle looks like. And I think a lot of it will be, You know, you're mentioning an a, a experience I did on a, a channel called Jubilee, which I got a ton of feedback about. That was great because there's different people than the folks who were watching what I might have to say on CNN or Fox News or M-S-N-B-C. How many people was it, it was like a 20 year one, right? It was a lot 20, 24 to like millions of People. Oh, the experience. Yeah. It was like 20, it was like a room with 25 people. And what it reminded me of was what it was like being mayor where, You know, I didn't, somebody stops you in the parking lot of the grocery store 'cause they wanna know why you, you changed the trash pickup from the front of the house to the back of the house and they're mad at you.


You gotta explain it and you can't go to talking points. Right. And I think a lot of the best voices we have are people who are having to have those kinds of conversations Yeah, that's right. In their communities. Absolutely. And not the stuff that's that's dominating the attention of, of a place like Capitol Hill. You know, I I, back when I was running, I talked a lot about, You know, needing to have perspectives from outside of Washington. When I got to Washington, I noticed two things. One in all humility. Like that town is full of a lot of really good people, public servants who come to work every day trying to do the right thing and who care about this country. But also it is a very self-absorbed place.


Like even more than any other kind of scene that I've seen, more than any city, more than Hollywood. Like, it is a place where like everybody wants to talk about what this senator had for breakfast. You know what I chass And I got there. We start reading like writeups the next day online about like, You know, where we were having dinner and stuff. Like, it's, it's just very like, inward looking sometimes. We've gotta get outta that. And, and that's part of why I I will be out of wash. Well not that I'm invited for the next four years, but, but I think it'll be helpful to be out of Washington for the next few years for me. Well, You know, you're a very cerebral person. Everybody knows that Secretary Pete. So I know that you've thought about your future.


Sure. What is the future for Secretary Pete? I don't know that that's just like the No, no, it's, it's true. I mean obviously there's a lot of different things I might do. People are putting all kinds of ideas in my head, but, You know, I got 38 days to do this job and, And I gotta stay really focused on, on that. And then I'm not gonna just jump into something just so I can do it or just try to have an office just so I can have it. I know what I care about. I care about how places like where I grew up in Indiana and where I live now in northern Michigan, how places like that can grow. How we can replicate the story of the city that I served in that started out that decade being told we were dying and ended like growing and creating jobs.


And now it's happening in a whole new way. Largely 'cause of what happened in the Biden administration. I care about that. I care about big picture democratic reforms and how we change all of the things that make us not that democratic. And I'm not just talking about the whole kind of question of authoritarianism that I think all of us are rightly worried about. I'm talking about stuff that happens out in the open in terms of how our districts are drawn and how our campaigns are paid for and election stuff I talk about a lot. I I care about that. I care about making sure that our generation comes out ahead because if you were born when my parents were born, there was a 90% chance you were gonna come out economically ahead of your parents if you were born when I was born in the eighties.


It's a coin flip. So, You know, I care about stuff like that. I care about the information environment, kind of what Angela, you And I were just talking about, about the different spaces we, we we go into. But how I do that, whether that's as an elected official or, or something more political or something a little more outta that space, that's something I will have time to, to figure out after January 20th. Is It about the money or the service? Because You know, you you, you can get to the bag like, You know, you, you're Secretary Pete now, so you you can write a book, you can Oh yeah. Start a podcast. There's a lot of things you can do to actually get money. You got kids, man, you're married with kids. Yeah. I mean, I need a paycheck. That's that's right. Like, I didn't, You know, I'm not, it's not like I'm a millionaire, You know, but I'll, I'll figure that out. That like, that'll be okay. Chasin has also reminded me that the, that, You know, we go Get some guy some Money.


We need to, You know, to obviously, You know, have a living and take care of our, our kids and, and also, You know, Chasin, You know, we're like any working couple, like he, You know, I talked to him on, on on on the way to the studio here. Like he is solo wrangling two, three year olds getting them to school in the middle of a snowstorm. And I just have some catching up to do there in terms of doing my part around Like the jazz back. I need some help. Well, Yeah. Which is totally fair. Yes. Right. And, and he's been great. But I, so I'm gonna be a little more focused on that. Plus our kids, our twins are boy and a girl. They're twins, they're three. They're old enough to not just to notice but like to care when I'm gone. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm looking forward to some period of time when I'm closer to home, able to think.


But before we do any of that, like we got 38 days of real work to do. 'cause every day we're here, we're gonna wish we had it back later on to get more done, to get more dollars out the door to get more good policies done. So we're, we're we're pushing hard. Go ahead. I Do, I do have to ask about congestion price And I mean, you, you talked about New York and, and the tunnel that they're building, but they're saying it's congestion pricing in New York City could be the Guinea pig for the country for different cities of people driving it. A lot of people are against it, right? It it's with, with groceries, expensive gas, expensive, everything expensive. Right? Everything is high. Yeah. This is just gonna be another thing that, You know, citizens, Americans have to pay. What's your thoughts on that? Because it's, it's, it's gonna hurt a lot of people. So the bottom line is, I, I've got a, this sounds like a cop out, but it's, it's only because federally it's very important to respect that this is a local decision.


So from a federal perspective, they've done everything they need to do. We went through a process of, I think more than 20,000 pages of verification to, to evaluate whether it's met its legal requirements. And it has now it's still up to the city, the state, the region to decide if they wanna do something. But like from a Department of Transportation perspective, they've demonstrated that to the satisfaction of, of our department. I know that sounds like a bureaucratic answer, but, but part of why I'm answering that way is 'cause I respect the fact that that's a local decision. What I will say is there's a handful of places that have done it, but mo in other countries, places around The World, London, Singapore, Stockholm, the usual pattern has been that, that people, there, there's a lot of controversy about it beforehand.


People in the end have have preferred to have it after the fact. Once, once they're used to it. But every city's different. I had some questions around you just thinking of legacy and how things are being left. There's a lot of folks who have come in as Secretary of Department of Transportation and one thing that has remained pretty stagnant is the utilization of DBE e. So disadvantaged business enterprise. I'm from Washington State and there was a disparity study done this year looking at all of these numbers. And I think the one time you met my dad, like he ran up on you, was like, Hey, secretary Pete, I have, and he had questions about this. He's dedicated his life to this. So it's something that we're really passionate about.


But when you look at how the Federal Highway administration funds contracts, only 1% of those contracts are going to black-owned firms. The Federal Transit Authority, it's 1.0 and then state funded contracts is 0.2%. And this is, it doesn't matter if it's a Democratic governor or a Republican governor, this is something that's remained pretty stagnant. I'm eager to know, You know what you all have done. Yeah. What you all plan to do. I know that there's a civil rights lead on this, but this has not changed much.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, any time you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime future may be discontinued at any time subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


The holidays are here and it's at time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guest, the party planning, and the true meaning for the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally, I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Think about things I know that's real specific, but hint hint, Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


And it's tragic. I'm terrified about what's gonna happen because as soon as Donald Trump was elected, Walmart, Starbucks, everybody's saying, You know, to hell with DEI, we can't afford to do that or be in those positions as black folks. Yeah, right. No, this is really important. If you look at, for example, the black middle class in Atlanta, part of how that was built that's right, was because the mayor at the time that the airport was going up insisted that black owned businesses had a, had a shot at the work that was going on. And they did. And whole companies grew outta that. That's right. I've been there, talked to second generation people who are now leading those construction companies when and, and, and working on, on new work at the airport where their parents had worked on the original round. So I've seen the opportunity it can create, here's what we've done.


We've boosted our goal for the dollars that directly are contracted by our department. We had a over 20% goal on SDB, small disadvantaged businesses and, and we beat it. So we've been able to generate, I think we're now in in the billions in terms of doing better than before. But a lot of those, those statistics that, that you've found show how that when the federal dollars go out to the states or they go out to the communities, those states and communities may not have the same level of commitment to making sure that there's that DBE participation. We have been able to, to do a lot of things to encourage that, including updating the entire rule, the whole regulatory framework for DBEs.


We immediately got sued and right now there's an injunction that's that's affecting in certain jurisdictions how much we can pursue that work. By the way, they've done this for other departments too. They went after the small business administrations program. They went after the MBDA, which is part of commerce. We think that we know that we're on good legal ground, but we're gonna have to fight for it and we're gonna stay committed. But You know, to some of the numbers you were mentioning, a a lot of this does happen closer to home, right? And so we've gotta set a tone that says, wait a minute. It's important to create these opportunities locally, by the way, there's the business side, but also the labor side. Yeah, I I've seen a lot of, I've seen some labor unions and locals that are doing it right, and you see people who just would not have had a chance to get these good paying jobs in the building trades.


And there are things that, that can be done to help make sure they get a shot, including making sure there's more apprenticeships so you can earn while you learn. So you don't have to have money to take time off to be in the apprenticeship program for a lot of working women, I mean working parents in general, but definitely for working women, it's important to have childcare set up in Pittsburgh. They, they set up a childcare center at the construction site of the airport terminal that they're doing. And it means that more people who just would never have had a chance to be part of that are part of that. So we're being intentional about it. But look, the next administration has not shown any signs of being enthusiastic about this. We're still defending what we've done in court And I would say we've, we've done a lot, but we've got a long way to go.


And what that means, what that says to me is there is gonna have to be a lot at the state and local level to keep the momentum up. Yeah. You know, somebody in the upcoming administration is gonna take credit for something you implemented. So what is it we will see from them? That's actually you. So there's 66,000 projects we got started. If I went to three projects a day for the rest of my life, I would not live long enough to, to see them all. Thousands of 'em are complete, but most of them aren't. These things take years. So, You know, when you look at, I mean there's these big signature projects, You know, the Hudson River Tunnel, that might be the biggest project east of the Mississippi in our lifetimes.


There's How long is that Gonna take? Very long time be And How much money will is that Costing be? We're 16 billion into it. Jesus. So it won't even be this, you won't even see that in this administration. No, No. But some things are, will be underway. Are underway now will be done sooner. The portal, north Bridge, which is another key, key bridge, it all comes back to New Jersey. See the drone Now You're gonna spiral them again on the drones. God, I think, You know, you can go on down the list. Big thing, the, the, the high speed rail, You know, I cut, I broke ground on a high speed rail project from Las Vegas to Southern California. They're aiming to be done by 2028. That's an aggressive timeline, but that's what they think they could do.


So all of that, yeah, somebody else is gonna cut the ribbon on that. But look, we've already seen people who voted against the Biden infrastructure package show up and try to take credit at these things. We're about to see that at a whole new level. And I'm, I'm gonna be there to remind folks that some people were with us, even some Republicans were with us and a lot of people were against us and we were trying to get this money out the door. Is that transatlantic tunnel shit real? The the the New York, the London that can get you between the cities and an hour. And they're saying it's gonna cost 19 trillion to build, I call it more of a concept of a plan. Okay. Okay. It'd be pretty amazing. But yeah, some of this hyper, I mean it's very exciting to think about, but the things you have to do, the pressurization, the, the tunneling, I mean, You know, kind of hard to, hard on today's technology.


Hard to see how that happens. Gotcha. Well, speaking of concepts of the plan, you are saying that's what you have for your future fair. But you did move to Michigan in 2020. There is a term limited governor, Big rich Yes. Gretchen Whitmer, who is of course not running. And then there is a mayor of Detroit who's declared his gubernatorial run, but as an independent. Yeah. So Democrats want you to run for governor of Michigan. No, but But have you thought about running for a governor? I mean, I was gonna say Don't get a light a lot for words. Now you, the First time he didn't say anything.


The first time he was lost to Words. I'm not here to make news on, on my future. I, I, I honestly haven't, You know, ruled anything in Iraq. So we're taking that as a maybe. I you going to, like I said, people are, I've never heard put ideas Head. They say you met about it this week. You met with people at Democrats in Michigan about this week. Oh, I meet Democrats all in Michigan all the time Because I'm, I'm a democrat And I live in Michigan. Like, You know, look, we, we moved there. Kids of family, we moved there. Yeah. We bought a place there four years ago. Our having our kids close to their grandparents has been huge. But yeah, look, I really care about the state. I just can't, I can't get into campaign stuff or anything like that. Is it something you're even interested in?


You're just gonna keep asking, do it. But has it crossed your mind? Like, Hey, being governor of Michigan would be cool. Look, I I care about the place a lot. Yeah. And, And I told you earlier, some of the other things I care about, there's a lot of ways to work on that. You can work on that in office. You can work on that out of office. It's, I'm, I'm not trying to be cagey. I just, I don't know. And I want to know, I wanna have a lot more of my mind made up before I go around talking about stuff like that on the radio. Man, tell you need a job. Just Say you, if you thought about it. And I think, I think the, the most important thing is if you just, in case you missed it, you're a very public servant ish. And so even though you're like, oh, I could do this thing politically and the other thing, you're, you're good at this. Like this is something that you're good at.


Absolutely. Our, well our, my friend Garland is also thinking about a run Gilchrist who's a fantastic, but there's the one that I think strikes a chord for me is Mike Duggan saying he's gonna run as an independent. There are a lot of folks who are upset about that because that could throw Yeah. The race potentially, which we've seen in larger elections than just Gubernatorials in the past. Yeah. And look, I've, I've, he's a, he's also a, a, a phenomenal mayor. We've worked a lot on a lot of things benefiting Detroit where we've teamed up. But I just, you gotta, you gotta keep me outta hashtag jail here. I can't, I can't do politics. We don't wanna stuff don't be in Hatch Act jail even though it was in the state. But we'll leave that alone. I'll let you let that fly.


I'll pretend like I'm not a lawyer for that one. Secretary Pete. But I will ask you, so you talked about 38 days left. It's not just 38 days left for you. There's also 38 days left for President Biden. Are there things that you have before the president that you really want to have happen for transportation? Are there other things that you think this administration really needs to get done before Armageddon? Yeah, he, You know, he just asked me for an update. We've, we've been writing up some of the latest on what we think we can get out the door. There, there are a number of grant programs and projects we think we can make happen pro potentially still hundreds of projects we can announce before January 20th. And anything we can do, we have to do it right.


We can't Yeah. You know, do it half-assed just to get it out the door. So we have to make sure we're, we're picking the right projects, we're being responsible with the money. But, but yeah, I, I think we can do a lot more. And, and again, there's some policies we, we can still finalize just as, as we have been doing on everything from, You know, worker protection. And it's amazing how long it takes to get a federal regulation finalized. Yeah. And I understand why a lot of it is that everybody has to have their, say there's procedural requirements that you have to go through and a, You know, a human being has to read every comment even when there's thousands of comments. So we have to do it right. But we're working on, on things to, to keep up the record we've had of protecting consumers, protecting workers.


But what I already know, even though we're not done, we will leave America's transportation systems better than we found them. Fewer people are dying on our roads. Long way to go. But fewer people are dying on our roads. I think we've made a lot of important advances on aviation safety. We've made major advances on passenger protection, your ability to get a refund or get your hotel covered or something else if you get stuck. Airlines are suing over that, by the way too. We're, You know, we have to play some defense here, but we've done that. Rail workers, when we came in, something like less than 10% of railroad workers could even get sick leave. And now that guarantee is available over 90% of railroad workers supply chains.


You remember the first year they said Christmas was canceled, all the ships were backed up. You know, we came in and encountered the biggest set of transportation problems to hit the country at once, since nine 11. From airlines about to go out of business to supply chain. You couldn't get toilet paper, all that stuff. Trains, trains. Every and every one of those has got better. I can't say any one of them is a hundred percent fixed, but every one of them is better. And Mo just as importantly, the trajectory is better. It used to be when we talked about our roads, our bridges, the condition of our infrastructure, every, we knew that every year it was gonna get worse because the backlog was growing faster than we could do the projects. That was the whole idea of the infrastructure.


I call it the big deal. That was the whole idea of the big deal was we're not just going to keep playing catch up, we're actually gonna change the trajectory. But the nature of my, I mean the satisfying part about our work is that for the next few years I'll be able to look at things still being built and improved because of what we did and because of what President Biden did. But the unsatisfying part about it is the same, the other side of the same coin that's, it's gonna take a while. Well, I have learned since you, this you, you're talking generics around the grants. Is there any way that we can talk to the airlines about these ticket prices? Mm. Because they're surging And I thought That's crazy. They're crazy. Yeah. Atlanta used to be 200, $300 now six, $700 to fly to Atlanta.


I'm gonna throw one out that might get y'all in trouble. I don't know if they're a sponsor American, like the American Airlines tickets are like a thousand dollars more than everybody else's right now. Hmm. What were you trying to, what, what route are you talking about? Because I, I won't say that because it does depend like it does as a category. It's actually one of the few areas where prices went down a little bit instead of up with all the inflation. But that's an average, right? If you're talking about a certain airline or a certain route. And the biggest thing that we can do about that is competition. Right? I mean, just, that's how it's supposed to work. Yeah. And the truth is, even though the airline industry lobby will say, You know, there's lots of, there's all these flights, there's all these airlines Yeah. All these routes. A lot of times for a particular route, there's maybe two airlines actually serving those particular, that particular combination.


Right. So it turns into a duopoly. And You know, one of the big problems we've had in the aviation sector is we've gone from dozens of airlines to a dozen airlines to now basically a big four and the low cost airlines, which everybody's mad at because of the passenger experience, but also it's, it's really hard for them to compete. It's why we intervened on the, the merger that was proposed was JetBlue. Because having even fewer airlines means you have even fewer choices. Yeah. And it means it's less likely that you're gonna gonna get a good airfare. Well the one that I'm thinking about, I'm based in Seattle, the one that I'm thinking about mostly is Seattle to JFK.


And American has a partnership with Alaska Airlines. Alaska Airlines, that same flight will be a thousand dollars less than American. I don't understand that. Oh, that's interesting. It's very weird. Yeah. So something to look at between these 38 days. I would, I would check it out. But it's to your point, it's New York to Atlanta, it's LA to Atlanta. There's, it's very expensive. Yeah. Florida flights, the almost $3,000 saw. Yeah, I saw you say Trump can't get rid of the new airline refund rules though. You said it's the law of the land, right? That's right. It got put into the FAA bill. Okay. So it would take an act of Congress to get ready to, to try to get rid of the automatic refunds. And I would love to be there if, if anybody in Congress tries to get rid of that.


Mm. Because that's really important. And the whole idea there was that not just that you can get a refund, but you can get a refund without having to ask. Because what was happening was, it was on the books that you could get a refund and cancellation or some of these situations, but you had to ask for it, you had to fight for it. And sometimes an airline would say, well whoa, we'll give you 5,000 miles and that sounds pretty good. But if you actually do the math that's worth like maybe 50 bucks and you're entitled to, You know, hundreds. So just saying, okay, if you want something different, like if you tell the airline, don't gimme the money back, I'd rather take a rebooking or don't gimme the money back, I'd rather take your miles. Fine, great. But you have to choose. It's opt out rather than opt in. And if you don't say anything, you just get your money. I think it's common sense, I think it's good policy and I'm really glad that that Congress backed us up on that and that some of the other things they could undo, but that they couldn't undo unless Congress went along with it.


I know. You know, if you have few more questions I gotta do. Got one more question because You know, one thing I always give you credit for is you are not afraid to show up to speak to people who you may not agree with. And you always come speak to people, You know, regardless of whether it's campaign season or not. So we always appreciate that. But to me that's something you can't teach. Like that has to be in you. So where does that come from? Why aren't you afraid to show up in spaces? A lot of democrats don't. I think it comes from growing up in a place where lots of people, including people I really like, don't agree with me, but we're friends and we just talk about it. And I think you get, you get advised and coun, counseled not to take any risks when you get into a job like, like mine for very understandable reasons, right?


Because anything you say gets picked apart, but if you pay too much attention to that, nothing you say, you don't say anything interesting. You're not talking like you're talking to somebody. You actually know. And people feel that, they smell that. And I think younger people especially feel that and smell that. And so I think it's probably just 'cause of how it came up. Any last ones? You good? I'm good. I asked about my plane tickets. I'm like, if I can't get anything else out of the 38, I mean, I wanna pardon for Marilyn Mosby as well. We'd love to have your support on that. But yeah, I, I just would like for things to feel fair. Okay. Especially now since Donald Trump said, oh, it's gonna be hard to decrease the price of groceries.


Imagine That. But see, let's find out, You did say something. So plan is safe is over, I think for politicians. Do you think that, yeah. I mean, it doesn't mean you jump on a political landmine every time you see one, but Are do those exist anymore? Yeah, I think so. I mean, you still get in big trouble for saying this or that, or I don know, but to me it's okay as long as you're, if you're in a controversy because of something you actually did or said or believed and it's controversial versus like you put a foot wrong or you phrase something the wrong way or somebody twisted what you had to say, You know, I always wanted to be held accountable based on results. This is part of why I'm, I got especially fired up during Helene about the, the hurricane Helene, about the misinformation that was going on.


Because it's one thing to, to have a back and forth over something that's actually happening and it's another if people aren't even looking at the same reality. So in terms of what risks people take in politics, look you, you also tend to take more risks when you're out of power. And so I think you might see more creativity from the team that just got beat. That's just kind of the na the nature of things. But yeah, I mean for my dime it's always better to just say what you think, explain yourself and then if people don't like it, at least they're mad at you over something real instead of some misunderstanding. Do you feel like Democrats are, well we know they are, but when did the Democrats get so out of touch with the needs of the American people?


That'd be a whole other hour. I, I think, I think it's, I I think that's only half fair. So I think it's, I think we are still the ones who are more connected. If I just think about the policies of our administration, like they have been all about making people's lives better, everything down to make it easier to get a hearing aid, $2,000 cap on Medicare insulin, $35 insulin. We did that for seniors. We could've done that for everybody. If congressional Republicans hadn't blocked us. I think we were right on the things that affect everyday life. But the half where I do agree with you is I think we got sucked into this, this kind of vocabulary and this like swirl over what matters online and what matters in Washington.


That meant a lot of the folks that we get up in the morning trying to help, can't even hear us, can't even make sense of what we're saying sometimes. And if, if we can't, if we can't fix that, then it won't matter what our policies are because nobody will even know. That's Right. I always say the language of politics is dead. That's why I say there's only a few people I feel in the Democratic party who are able to message what you're talking about. Like, yes, y'all might have better policies, but you don't know how to message 'em, You know how to promote 'em, You know how to market 'em. I think you're one of 'em. So I'm working on it. Alright, your Future's bright secretary, Pete. Thanks. Thanks. Well we have the Secretary of Transportation. We appreciate you for joining us. We gonna call you in a couple of weeks if them drones.


Keep going man. We need, we need answers. It's Pete Buttigieg, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some Exclusion supply.