
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


And it's gonna take us to heal us.


It's Mental Health Awareness month. And on a recent episode of Just Healed with Dr. J, the incomparable to Raji p Henson. Stop by to discuss how she's discovered. Peace on her journey. I never let that little girl inside of me die. To hear this and more things on the journey of healing, you can listen to Just Heal with Dr. J from The Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At and t connecting changes everything. Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rose is here as well. And we got a special guest in the Building fresh off a flight. Rob For now. What's up brother? How y'all doing man? What's up? How you doing? What's up y'all? How I feel like I can't say see you without, without saying what the hell he I know right? Everybody greet you like that now. Yeah. Yeah. I be ignoring him. I didn't say that Man. Don't We should ignored you last night. I seen you at the Indiana Pacer game a couple nights ago and my Knicks lost And I blame it on you.


Why you Blaming it? I don know. I gotta Blame on everybody in that building. 50 gets blamed too. Everybody gets blamed. 50 50 get blamed. Yeah, y'all was all bad luck for my Knicks But 50 from Here though. That's all right. Y'all was all bad luck that day. That makes no sense. What you saying Spike Lee too. That was all bad luck that day. Bam. What did you become a Pacers fan? Huh? When I said what the hadie bird? What the hell Police fan When he, when he was like, man I fuck with him. I'm like I fuck with you too. Oh okay, Okay, okay. Nah. Hell yeah. So he gave You free tickets huh? After he gave you free tickets from Nap point on? Yeah, for Sure. Okay. Buffalo Wild Wing. He gave me some tickets last night though. We got some shit going on. Oh Wow. Okay. Oh you about to do a bubble, wild wing sponsorship. Hopefully. What the hell? Halen? What is it called?


Habanero? Habanero. Habanero. Habanero the the hell with the Habanero. I know. 'cause I be getting the honey hot and stuff like that. Yeah. So say with the habanero. With the habanero. There we go. Exactly. Shout out Buffalo Wild Wings Man. Congratulations on that S ticking into existence. Yeah, Big one For Sure. That make you say what the hell for Sure. Nah, for sure. Is this all crazy? 'cause I know the song with the Hellie, it was kind of like just a song you had y'all playing around in the studio and it, it's so Emini here. All your songs are big but like it has such impact and kind of was like this song you put out there. I ain't gonna lie, I knew the song was gonna be good. Like we knew as soon as we made it, we made it down the street like two minutes away in New York.


For real. We was on tour Man Skiller, it was Skill A session. I wound up going in there, it was making some songs with him, but he had got tired. I'm like stay, he wound up leaving so I wound up doing like three songs and they wound up in what the hell? Why'd you end up shouting at All 'em Random people at the end of the song. I wasn't random was it? It Was bullshit. Like we were just bullshitting, laughing, like just saying anything coming up with your own. What the hell, like how people doing now? Like I was just coming up with my own like what the hell did LeBron James? Like all that type stuff. I don't know why when I hear that song, I think a a a A juvenile. Yeah. That's something juvie would've did back in the day. You take a take a take a phrase everybody's saying and turn Into a song. I was, I was thinking about that And I was, I was kind of comparing to, but I'm thinking about it bro.


I can't compare that to Huh? He would rapping his ass off. Oh No, no I ain't Saying no playing on that. Yeah, I ain't Comparing the Huh? I'm just saying the style of it. You know what, Emini here. Nah, for sure, for sure. Did you expect it to be that big that fast? I ain't gonna lie brother. I really did. I can't lie really? I swear to God, me and my partners already knew You dropped it on. I don't remember the, the right before that weekend, but that weekend DJs was already playing with it in the club And I already playing. It was going Crazy. You know it's funny, it was mid six months before I think I took so long to drop it. I stopped believing in it a little like I was dropping, I dropped like two singles and I'm like man we playing. We ain't drop. What the hell, let's just do it. And we just did it and it, it was what we thought it was gonna be like, Now you got a nine figure Buffalo Wild Wings deal.


See what I'm talking about? Six. Six. Okay. I ain't gonna count it out. Counting your money. He did that to count your money. That's alright. Right. He tried. Now lemme fly y out. What, what did you have to let go of personally in order to let yourself fly on this album? Just think like I said, like thinking about myself like man it is, I stopped believing in song and stuff. Like not believing in myself. I was just like, forget it. Like man, whatever happens happens, you're a bitch. If you do, you're a bitch if you don't like, you know. So you Was at a point where you didn't feel believe in yourself? I didn't believe in myself. You know when you keep coming with 'em it's like man can I come with another one? Like you gotta be real with yourself like at some, at some point.


So that's what it was on. That's what I was on. Now I want to go back to, you were talking about what's the hell before that you did a bunch of remixes on that? Yeah. So the people call you for the remix, you reached out to them 'cause you went all left, right? You did the Bu you did. I reached out to one person. Who was that? And that was Herb. But Herb had his remix done three months before with the Helle drop. Hmm. Like he heard the song and Tootsies with me. I'm like man listen to this song. He like, man, I said, that's the song I was telling you about. He wound up doing it like the next week. I ain't even, I really didn't even tell him about it. Remind him he just did it and Justin just sent it. I called Justin one day like, man you might as well get on the remix. He sent it to me. You called him, You and Justin be hanging out.


We be talking and shit like that. But he called he, he just, while we was on the phone, he like, man, check your message. I had already did it and Londo sent her shit. I ain't, I ain't like everybody just did it on their own for real. So the DM with Justin Buber, that was like promo, like he had already done it. He real, Nah, he He did it. Oh. That was like real, That's what I'm saying. That's why I told him like, you fool with us hard, you might well do it. Yeah. Everything is real. Like I put, I be putting it in real time like That's fire. Justin Bieber had dmd him like Okay, I didn't know if y'all knew that, but I didn't. Go ahead. Yeah, Justin, he just had dmd him like a line from the song And I thought it was just like promo for the remix that he was gonna do. It wasn't though, but I That's fire that it was just like, that is dope. Yeah, It was. Well was there a song on Let Me Fly that scares you to record because it felt too honest?


Hit me, mama Hit Me mama. I knew you was gonna say that. Hit me mama. What is, what is that? I recorded Hit Me Mama in Times Square. Funny as hell. Wow. What, what's that record mean to you? I don't know man, at the moment I really recorded it like laying in the bed. Like, and, and then I had, I wound up finishing and like three months later like, but I ain't, I was scared to finish it because I, I ain't wanna get that deep like, you feel me? What You mean, man, We talking like I was saying some stuff on there like that I, I I wouldn't normally say like out loud. So yeah. Is it Because you were too vulnerable in your opinion? Yeah, exactly. You didn't wanna be that Vulnerable? Like some things, I don't even wanna come to the, I don't even wanna come to the realization. Like, I say something like, mom, I lost my mind.


Like I feel like I lost my mind, but I never say it out loud. You feel what I'm saying? Because you don't wanna come to that realization. Like Yeah, like stuff like that. I ain't that I ain't gonna friend. That's probably my favorite version of Rob Four nine. You think so? Hell yeah. I appreciate you. You know Meek tell me the same thing. Who Meek? He just text me the same thing like, man, I ain't know you was coming like this. Would it make, would it make you wanna record more records like that or just too That's how I came rapping though. Yeah. When I started rapping I was like, I was in a deep dark depression. Like, And I started rapping like that, rapping about what I was going through and they ain't wanna hear that. Like, so I just start getting on what I be on. Like, you feel me? You know, let me fly the title Sounds like a, a like, like a cry for freedom.


Is that, that's how I feel about it though. Okay. That's how I feel like, like I said, we coming with back to back to back to back. Even when you think you're not gonna come with another, even come with another one, but they still play you like you ain't like one of them. Like, you feel what I'm saying? And I feel like, man, it's, I turn like it's the young, it's the young people turn like, like let us fly and not just me. You, you said you used to think rappers were lying, right? But now that you a rapper, You know they're lying. What's The nah, What's, What's the most I got a, I got a little more respect for 'em. I got a little more respect for the rappers that came up before me. Yeah. But do you still feel that way about some of 'em be lying? I don't know. What was, what was one of the most surprising truths that you found out about the industry since you've been in it?


Not even a surprising thing, but like the people that I listened to that was one that they wind up being the ones who was really like, you feel what I'm saying? Yeah. Really. The, so yeah, that's one, that's one of the truths I loved about it. And have you spoke to Skiller baby recently? How's He doing? Nah, I text him the other day. You know, he probably going through some more stuff, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm just let him have his moment not to get his mental right. Get was soon on Baby Boy. Yeah. SL to Skiller baby. And you said, you know, this album is it feel like freedom? So what made you feel like, I guess caged the most? Was it your, your your your life or your career now? Really like, really like, I really got out of this but I was just searching for validation from like, from like people who we looked up to coming up.


Like, you feel what I'm saying? And I came to the realization like, I don't care. Like we gonna be the new ones and we going, we just gonna handle it how we supposed to handle it. Right. That's right. Like, and that's how I feel about it. Who, who who, who was you seeking validation from? Like the, I'm just saying like, like bigger artists. Like, you know, like not even validation far as like Yeah. You know, like when all the younger people was coming up before us, like how they, how they made superstars. Like I feel like, I feel like, like we ain't, we ain't really got like that right now. Yeah. We ain't really got that. It's the same in a bunch of different industries. So I'm a standup comedian to stand up the greats before me. I, I at one point wanted to live up to what I thought they expected or what the standard was of.


Exactly. Thats what I'm saying. But we knew school so we do shit differently. We got famous differently. You know what Emini here we have, we, we shot like up our platform grew with the help of the internet, which a lot of them didn't have. So, you know, it it is, it is like that in all arenas, all industries. Nah, for sure. What Got, what got you over that though? Where, where you didn't feel like you had to, I had Had the validation or did you get the validation you needed? I just, I don't know bro. I just woke up one day. It was like I wanna step on everybody neck And I dropped with the Helly that next week and then we just start stepping on everybody neck. And Then what you saw more, more rap niggas acting like you than Lil Wayne. Exactly. That did something for you too.


They was doing that Ben. Ben. But that's when, you know, I guess it's your generation. That's a line that he has on the record, right? Get the picture with bourbon. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Nah for sure. Nah, they been doing that. You really bought 15 whips in a year? Yeah. Not just my, not just my cause. Oh, okay, Okay, okay, okay. I my momma cause my sister's cause. Oh nice. I got me like four cars. And who the rest went to? Don't say you buying these women cars. I Got a girl, a car. Eight girl. You Said eight girlfriend. My girl. I said eight girl, Not eight. They about to put you in a roaster. Boy. You about go home.


Lauren Said you got a girl. No, he, he does he talk he's talked about it before. Yeah. No, but you asked him like you didn't know if it was true trying 1515 Cause is a lot. Yeah, I bought a lot of cars. What kind of cars though? Let me, let me maybe prison. Two. Two Escalades, one Tahoe. A carve, a Hellcat, a G wagon. A Lincoln. That's a lot of cars bro. You, you about 600 right there. You about 3, 5, 600 Right there. That's Cars You want. I wanna make sure you ain't rap capping. I keep, if you want to, you About buy.


I ain't see the most expensive cars But everybody got a car. Yeah. Yeah. Car you drive around in. Well with but For a while When you about to buy houses, Not for sure buy, everybody Got A couple houses too. I got a couple houses. My mom been, my mom been getting my real estate. Right. I was gonna ask you how, 'cause you and your mom have really like y'all relationship online and like the videos you post. How does your mom feel about like when you drop songs? Like Hear me Mama and like you more vulnerable. She be crying bro. Yeah, because she know everything I'm saying facts. So she be like, damn, like how you she be asking me sometimes how you put that in the, on a beat. Like how you really made our real life on a beat. She be asking me that. She here you can ask her too. Oh, she's here. Charlamagne.


You know, you you, you rap about survival and trauma and loyalty. Does, does, does success make you soft or you just learning to be more vulnerable? I really was an outgoing person 'cause I, I, I always liked helping people. Like, but now I'm on some shit like man, everybody don't deserve my kindness. So I'm really at the state of my life, like, man, I really gotta back up from everybody. Mm. Like honestly and not letting nobody take your joy. Just be quiet. Like, and you and you save your joy for people who don't deserve it. So that's what I'm on for like right now. I used to be kind like for real. You feel like the, the city is caught up with you yet in New Orleans? Well like what?


Just in general because you, you blew up, you blew up, you know, pretty quickly. Right? You feel like they've caught in up yet? Like did they have real love for you or They Got real Bar was the biggest in New Orleans before I made a song. Before I like made it big like a hot song. I just sold out an arena like how Jay-Z sell out the arena. I sold out an arena in New Orleans by myself. 15,000 people. That's Why you did the Hot Boys reunion And I was there. Yeah, nah be before that. Yeah, but I Did my own. But even there filling it and being in New Orleans and seeing, I was like, oh wow. That was, that was cool. It's just like, I wouldn't say that was like, because they got they own fan base so they wasn't really turn for me. And it was funny to me. I Felt like that but maybe 'cause I'm not from there. Yeah. I felt like it was, but you Bro, you, you gotta come to one of my shows. You'll be like, no way.


He got this like, like this. I got videos I'll show you. Like this shit is od I just felt like the hot boys, they like, like they got they own little stuff going on. You know what I'm saying? What your relationship with with with New Orleans now? I fuck I fuck with everybody in New Orleans. Like I'm really the one in New Orleans. You stay there, can you stay there? I can't stay there. If I stay there, it is not gonna be a good idea for me. I know that you opened up a lounge called S Nola. Is that in Nola? That's in New Orleans. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations on that. Thank you so much. Where did the name come from? Nest Vulture. Vulture Next. Mm. Just because I'll be putting like vulture on my stuff. How often are you there? Mm. I used to be going back there a lot like, but I just feel like I'm gonna get in trouble.


Mm. So I just had to like back up For real. 'cause I know this already. Like I know when you're doing good it is only that matter of time. Like, But that's what Emini here, right? Like sometimes your city knows you a big deal but they don't see your elevation. Like, this ain't Rob four, nine from 10 years ago. Like you ain't the little ain't no more. I ain't gonna lie. They definitely see my elevation. Like everybody see it. Like, I ain't gonna lie, I was elevated before I made it. Like I'm telling you like my mails was, my males was coming to my shoes and stuff. Like dope. Yeah, for sure. Like I was already that like ain't like I went down, you know, Hell, I like y'all goddamn damn quiet.


I was scared. I was scared to do y'all. Nah, I was scared Do y'all by myself. I was being quiet when Skill was here. Like for real? Yeah. And then Skiller liked to talk a little bit more than you, a lot more than you gonna talk. You're scared of though. He nothing. Just like when I, you know what's funny bro? I'm gonna say this right here and this gonna be the craziest moment in my life. I remember sitting in my bed like I probably had a thousand followers. I'm like, man, when I'm making it on The Breakfast Club, that's the day you made it Rob. Like, just, just accept it that day. Yeah. That's crazy. Like this is my day, man. You work for it, you Deserve it. Absolutely. Not for sure. When, when you listen back to Let me Fly five years from now, what do you, what do you hope you don't relate to anymore? Man, I hope I don't relate to none of it.


I just won't, I won't be so out of touch with The World. Like mentally I'm, I'm serious. Like I don't even wanna be hearing about music no more. Like I just won't be living my life off instrumentals. Like I'm telling you like in, in six, seven years, I'm about to run this bag up so big in six, seven years. I want move to Italy. Probably me and my girl like probably have a little house with my mom and them and, and just be off the grid. Like that's what I Want. No new songs At that point. PR probably for fun sometimes. Like I ain't trying to make it like I ain't on that. Why Italy? I don't know. I like the water a lot And I don't want nobody to know me.


Right. Like nobody like You must have went out there recently. You had a good ass time. Nah, I went to London and had a good time. So I was thinking about Italy. You feel what I'm saying? I'm thinking that's further than London. I know that's gonna be crazy. So yeah. How Old are you? 26. 26. Damn you 26 and you already talking like that. I really wanna do it now. If I had, if I had basketball money like three, 400 million. I was old. I'm retiring outta here. I over with like, What is it? Def fame? Def fame. Nah, it ain't even that. It's just like, I just brother, I don't like society. I don't I'm with you. I don't like society. It's the Social media. You Always been like that. Or this is because like I always been like that for real.


I ain't really like social media and shit. Me being on social media, like I be feeling like I'm doing goofy shit on social media, all type of shit. When in real life I'm really that nigga. Like, you feel what I'm saying? Because I don't know how to work it like too much. Like, so yeah, you just being real like yeah, that's, you feel me? If I, if I post my, I, one of my niggas tell me I'm, I posted in a studio with me, me, YTB, fat and Hot boy and, and Lil Shi man I was so turned, you know, I be, I laugh And I punch And I be doing all that. One of my niggas like, man, you can't be doing that on the internet because you know, people will take it a different way and da da da. I'm like, what? What? Not even that, not even that didn't like he, he, he just trying to save me 'cause he don't want them to have nothing to say about me period. And I understood it, but I'm like, You just wanna be you.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. There was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in hope today by visiting music gives.org.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all. His wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said You left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're unable to keep track of all your lies and quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. Here. Diddy's former protege television personality, platinum selling artist Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. Aubrey O'Day is sitting next to us. Here you are as we sit here right up the street from where the trial is taking place. Some people saw that you were going to be in New York. Yeah. And they immediately started jumping to conclusions. So can you clear that up? First of all, are you here to testify in the Diddy trial? Aubrey will offer her opinions and expertise based on her firsthand knowledge from her days on making the band as she emerged as the breakout star. The truth of the situation would be opposite of the glitz and glamor.


It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. But I just be being me. I be being real for real. Like this really me like, but even like stuff like that, they be like man I don't even want be on the internet. Like yeah, I feel around say something I ain't supposed to say and this like, What does Birdman say to you? I know you got a good Relationship With Birdman. Does he guide you? Does he Help you at all? I ain't gonna lie. He just called me yesterday. He like man you doing it right. I'm so proud of you. Like I always knew you was the one one. He just told me a mail chain yesterday too.


Rich game change. Oh what dope. Because you, I remember last time you was here you said you was supposed to to sign with Birdman but you didn't do it 'cause you, you, you was facing eviction and you needed that money. I needed the money right then and there man. For sure. But I ain't gonna lie. Even when he always told me I was gonna be the one, he ain't lying. Mm. Have you been in a position to renegotiate the deal that you have and you work with him now? Or is it still like you have the Situation? No, no. I don, I'm good with the people that believed in me from the jump. Did you tell him he was coming up here today? You told coming yesterday? Nah, I ain't. Oh yeah. Funny hell You ever asked Him about that or not? I asked him about that funny as shit though. Y'all funniest shit though man. Damn. So when y'all have conversations now, does he ever bring that up like, damn you ain't wanna sign with me but Hell nah.


I wanted to sign with him. He knew. Yeah I flew to You said that was the dream. I flew to his house and everything. He just, I just needed the money right there. And now he understand like he knew 'cause I told him. So yeah. Was was where I'm from. A hard re record to record. That was another one you was being vulnerable on. Not really. It is just like, I was really just talking that day. I remember that day. I, I'm happy I I can't like stuff like that. I'd be happy when I had 'em type days when it just flew out. You know what I'm saying? So yeah it was, I I ain't really thinking too much on that song. You Talking about your dad being in prison, you talk about losing people close to you. How you haven't been the same since that? Nah, for sure. Being looked at as the chosen one from the city. Which is a lot of pressure. Damn.


Damn. People thinking you own 'cause you made it out I was talking huh? Yeah. You about your mom, you talking about being addicted to pills? Yeah, my mom and my dad, it was was in jail at the same time I was staying with my cousin Sheika. How old were you? I had be like 12, 13, something like that. And even pills, like I used to always tell my friends like man get off them pills bro. And I wound up getting shot And I took a pill. I'm like man, I just wound up. But I my mind so strong I wind up getting off him. But I could take 'em and whenever I want to like, you know what I'm saying because I don't know my mind just a little stronger than everybody else's mind. Honest though. You say I'm taking them drugs for the cold but I'm trying, I'm trying to stop.


Damn. Damn. Yeah, you Forgot I be taking them though. I be taking them. But that's just when I be feeling like it like, like when I get on a plane, I do it one time or something like that. But I don be doing like my nigga do it low. Dirk Dirk brother called me one day on my sleep and was like, stop. Like I had a bad dream And I just stopped taking him like man, you feel what I'm saying? He Say he had a dream, dream that you, I don't know. He had a bad dream. He told me what happened but I don don't even atmosphere I'm with. Yeah he told me I just stopped taking him like for like two, three months.


Like cold Turkey man. What's your relationship with Dirk these days? I don't really be talking to Dirk like dude, my dude to my nigga bands. My nigga like his his nigga. My nigga like whoop shit like that. I fuck with dur Duke too though. I be, I talked to him right before he went to jail. I just be letting niggas have they have they mama. I ain't one of them niggas like invade somebody's privacy. Like Yeah, I, I like what you said about you know, but not wanting to speak that type of shit into existence. But on honest. You said you don't see yourself growing old When Greg got old I said probably not Okay. But Probably not.


But you planning to, because you talking about wanting to move to Italy in Four years and you said you wanna have kids. Yeah. No but I don't know like if my health like, I don't know like you feel what I'm saying? That's for God to say. But how I've been living, I don't know. You feel me? I say probably not. Like that's just how be feeling sometimes. You Feel like that 'cause things are so good right now or just you just don't know. I just, things going good but I done seen like my whole family going. I seen things turn so probably not. Is your Health like what do you mean? Like bad Health? Just like everything. Like I don't, I'm so used to like, bro, I'm gonna just keep it a hundred. Like you know when you, when you brother, my whole family gone. I didn't watch my whole family die. Like so this is what I'm just used to mentally.


Even though it might be some fucked up shit to say like, but that's just, that's just how I think. Like, like even when I go to clubs I think about death all day. Like Mm. Because so many people done die like in front of me. Like you feel what I'm saying? So that's just what I be thinking about. But the same way you'd have chosen one for your city, you have chosen one for your family. 'cause you could be the generational curse break. Nah, for sure. I, I think I'm And then what about any type of therapy you never thought about? Sitting down, talking to somebody professionally about your Feelings? Oh man, my girl just told me through that shit. Oh. Or if your girl is telling you to do it. I don't feel like I need, it is too much shit. I can't talk to your people about what I be talking about, man. What I be thinking in my head. Yes you can. That's the whole point. If you find the right person.


I don't trust nobody like that. Mm. If your girl wants you to go, you should go and You trust her. You think so? Yes. Because that means she sees something that you probably don't even see. She probably, she probably see a lot in the unhealed trauma that you trying to, you know, bury put away or, or rap about. And she probably see the fan like you carry a lot. She, I'm sure she sees that she's in the health profession. Right. Or you were gonna be I was, I was, I was trying to go, oh You were gonna be okay. I was trying to go because on you say it's called blouses? Is that how you say it? Bl bl on bl you talk about like your uncle being locked up and taking care of everybody. So I'm sure she's watching all of that too. 'cause then you talk about the pills again. Nah, no, nah. She, she, yeah definitely. I gotta listen to him all. She's smart too.


So He saying this but he ain't going Serious. I might do for real. I just serious. If I had my phone right here, I would've texted right now. Yeah I was, I Don call the lady, you detective called the lady. Call this Girl. Yeah The lady, the lady call the lady therapist. Hell nah. I was gonna tell her set it up is what I'm saying. Girl set it up like man play all day. He gonna stop you. See why, you see why Birdman Did what he did now. Right. Man, don't do that bro. I saw you on million dollars worth a game with Gillian Wallow. Yeah. And you said you, you pulled up on Young Thug. Yeah. Look, look at we going man. You see what I'm saying though? I wish hell nah we going do that.


You Got in trouble for that One, huh? Nah, I didn't. But I look at him like bad move. You what I'm saying? I ain't get in trouble or nothing. Like they ain't call me better than nothing. Like, but in my, in my, in, in my, my character I'm like bad move for me. Make it disappear. That's You feel I'm fitting shit. But for real though bro. I'm like make that shit disappear. For real. How do you think Let me fly builds on your, your legacy are, did you try or did you try to burn some of the old version of you down? Man, I just, I'm just trying to rap for real.


I want them to know I can rap long story short. Alright. Yeah. Is Wild Body about fat people Man. That's about a wild body code pride as hell. You Thought about? Yeah, that's number nine Man playing. Okay. I didn't, I didn't know man. You were playing. You funny as hell bro. You and your, you, you talked about on the Poor Minds spot, poor Minds podcast that you don't wanna be a old dad. Yeah, You so, And for real. I don want to kill right now bro. Oh you mean you don't wanna have a baby when you too old. You see what I'm, I want a kid right now. I, I won't walk in and my child gotta fight because his mama fine.


Like You feel me? Nigga be like man, your mama fine. Like, 'cause she young like so you gotta fight Mama Still Women age a still be fine. Gonna be Fine. They were trying to tell him that. Yeah. Why not? Why you see the, You gotta fight. Yeah. For his case, he still wanna be the young dad, you feel me? Yeah. Hey, what the hell? Yeah. You don't? Yeah. So what stop you? Condoms? Not even condom. I'm, I'm trying. Oh okay. I could Trying now I'm Trying. If God say the same Boy or girl you want girl dad A healthy kid. I swear to God. Yeah. That's crazy. I ain't used to think like that. You never wanted a Kid or No, I'm just saying.


I ain't used to think like, oh healthy kid. Like Yeah, but I see like that shit real, like healthy kid. That's it. I just want a healthy kid. What make you want a child now? You know, you always hear women say, I want a kid. I don want a kid. What make you feel like you want one right now? Just because I, I, I done dealt with so much loss in my life. I want build my family back up. That's dope. My whole family gone For real. Like Yeah, My momma had four brothers, two sisters, five brothers, two sisters, all of 'em dead. One of them alive. My uncle and he in jail. That's it. We all stay in the same house. So for that reason that you just said, that's why you have to break the generational curse. You know, you still got, you're still aware, very aware of what happened to your family.


You don't want this to, to happen to your, you, you gotta get outta that mindset. You gotta change your mindset. 'cause you, you're about to, you wanna build a family, you know what I'm saying? And you wanna have your own family because most of yours is gone. So you, you can do that. I be thinking about moving back to New Orleans for that reason too, bro. Mm. Just 'cause I won't just like get a big house like I call Birdman, like, man, send me your house so my whole family can move in. It. Like, but I just know it's a bad move. But it's bad as I, I just want my family so bad to Go back. It's a bad move to go back to your, It's a bad, it's a bad move. Like Yeah, It's a bad move, but I want, you know, it's A bad move. Don't Do it then. You feel me though?


Yeah. You gotta trust. I just ask my little sister like, you want me to come home? Like, she like hell no. Like Mm. I'll move em to where you At. Yeah. Get the, that's the goal. The goal is to get the money to move, But they don't want to move. I got the money. They don't come. They comfortable where they at. They comfortable where they at, But they want you to stay away too. You feel me? Yeah. And if your sister, if your family telling you, if your family telling you to stay away, you gotta listen. That's the ancestors talking through. Do you ever express to them the way you expressing it to us now? Like, man, look. Yeah, I just told her in the club, miss my family. She like nigga drunk. I wasn't though. I'm really trying to tell her like, bro, like I'm telling you, like, you feel me?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm a little fucked up bro. Excuse me. It's fine. That's okay. You took a shot before you came in your Oh, you mean like just Mentally? Yeah. Missed it. Oh, Sorry. I I I totally get it. Do you ever feel to me too? I was too. Even though you having, even though you, I'm still fucked up though from that night For Sure Because I'm like, dang, I just messed up the mental health vibe. But Okay. Yeah. Even though you having all the success and you got all of the money, do you ever truly feel Not alone? Not alone. For like what, because you Say you, you lost everybody. I, I don't know. Sometimes, man, sometimes, a lot of times I do feel alone though. Damn. We ain't even about to talk like that.


We can talk like that now. For real. I'm serious. We ain't about to talk like that because my man, I be trying to keep my shit clean like my head. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And then your girl gonna be like, you feel alone Motherfucker. Nah, no, no, no. Oh, okay. Because that's what I was saying. She, she about the only one that make like, if I ever lose, like I'm gonna, that's gonna be the end of it. Like, I'm gonna just be like bullshit four like out here. You feel me? Yeah. Yeah. What, what's G Herbo relationship? You and G Herbo relationship? That's my brother. That's my brother for sure. That's my real brother. He, he a real fan of me too. I heard you say that G Herbo was your favorite rapper. Yeah. Him Kerr like Yeah, them was my favorite rapper.


Kerr from Philly. Kerf from Philly. I like him too. Yeah. That's my dog. Y'all do y'all really doing an album together. You And I, we supposed to jump like next month for Real Ghetto Boys. Huh? It's called Ghetto Ghetto, poor Neighborhood Superstar, something like that. What's it is done already? 90%. I told of 'em I won't lock in for like one more week. Yeah. But it's, it's that for sure. So you just dropped this album. You working on a duo album and then You I'm working on two duo albums. Hmm. And one called Young is in Charge, like with all the young niggas like right now, like Honcho Hot Boy, why should we shimmy? We, that's the youngest in Charge album. I'm working on the Woman with Herb and I'm working on my own called Life of the Party. So is that why you push, you really setting up for retiring like you pushing out.


So is that why you pushing out so much Music at once? Yeah. Yeah. I don't want play. We definitely need that. The, the, the, all the young ones. We need that for the summer. No, it's gonna be yeah. Bullshit music. It is gonna be crazy for Sure. I know her will be trying to get you to go to therapy because Herb, I ain't gonna lie. He, he, he on the same time as me, he, he one of the one niggas I be talking to with like some sense like, you feel me? Hell yeah. That for sure. Herb and Ken. I do this thing called the Mental Wealth Expo. Every year Herb Herbo done came to that and spoke to the people and everything. For real. Absolutely man. Put me down. I'll come there for sure. I'm serious. That's your shit. Yeah, I'm coming. Do Whatever you, you wanna come to speak or just to Learn and whatever he want me to do. Okay. That's What's up. It's interesting right, because you know I hear you talking the interviews is ever a moment in the studio where you gotta stop recording 'cause you might be breaking down.


Hell nah. Hell, I ain't doing that type of shit. And what happens is happen, it happened already. Like I ain't doing that. But I'll be, I'll stop and be I'll probably stop, stop her while he recording. Be like, bitch you talking your shit. Like I ain't going, I ain't going be on your, I ain't going, you know what I'm saying? Glaze you or nothing. Man, that ain't blazing to tell your brother he Killing that shit. But, but, but he know I do him that. I be like, as you know, you the greatest rapper alive. But go ahead finish recording. Like Yeah, actually we gonna tell you like, I do him that every time we in the studio. Like no way. You just came up with that. I think it's out there when other, you know, male rappers can tell like you just said me hit you and say, yo, I ain't know you was coming like that. You know? I think that's Nah for sure. Yeah.


We getting a tour. Nah, for sure we gonna get a tour. I was, I was thinking about they wanted me go on like a big tour, but I, I think I want go on my own little small tour. Mm. You know why A little small? Just 'cause I want, I want people who like crazy fans of me. Yeah. Connect with them like they got, they got 30 minutes to get these tickets. Like Mm. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? And I don't care if it's 500 people, I just want them to be like out they out they shit. They sell me like yeah, I pop out Tour. Yeah. I don't know. But that's what I be, that's the type of shit I'm on. Like I ain't, I ain't trying to be the biggest rapper. I just wanna get this money like, and, and just get out the way.


But I, I do wanna see my fans before I like be like, all right, I'm done. Like Yeah, You want it to be intimate so you can have like a real connection, you feel me? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Something like that. What, What's the song you know, that you've written or even just a song or bar on this new album that you wrote when you were hurt, but when you perform it now you feel, you feel healed. None of it brother. I don't think I hear it for none of it. I'm ready to perform it just so I could just feel it in my soul. You feel what I'm saying? I won't perform it without, without no lyrics on it however I want. You feel me? Yeah. It's a different, Yeah. Something like that. So you might perform it, you feel it in that moment. Like, oh shit. Yeah. Like damn, like I'm saying this like, and I'm saying it how I want, I don't know, live music a little better than regular music to me.


I don't listen to regular music. I listen live music like the the Scissor live, the Laury Hill Live and stuff like that. You think you could ever do hit Me Mama Live? I Can't wait to do it live. I was, I was calling, I was calling my, my label to let me do it live like in the garden, like in a garden with a band. Like something like that. That shit would be crazy. Why? The Would be crazy Like a garden just to aesthetic. Oh, I thought you meant like Madison's too much with that. We ain't that yet. You never know. Yeah, You never, they probably let me. Nah, hell not right now. You could feel the theater. Not right now. Yeah, You could do the Theater.


Know what I'm saying? They ain't gonna let me do nothing in the garden right now. What? With the paces. Oh shit. Damn. Nah, they don't care about that. Bam, Bam. Money for sure. I'm Sure they want their Money. Do do you wanna be remembered as a, as a great rapper? A street legend or somebody who made it out and gave the blueprint? Blueprint? You know, it's funny, like I used to be, I used to look at Thug, I looked at Thug. I think that was at a Wilson interview way before I even made anything. I was on my way to school looking at it. And then nigga was like, man, you gotta teach what's taught. And that's how I live. Like, that's how I lived my life. Like I feel like that was the realest shit he ever said. Like for real.


At one time you said you not a rapper, you a hustler. Did that change now? But you rapping now Rapping is hustling. That why, that's why I'm here right now. And I ain't getting no sleep yet. Shit. A hustle. You feel me? For real. People talk a lot about like your business, Ackerman, like you understanding the business and doing your own business. Where does that come from? Is that Mama four nine or Cruise? That's me. I just don't, I know how to get some mine. Like I was a hustling in high school. Like I was selling weed before my mama knew something. I, I always had the mentality to get some money for myself. So I just be structuring it right. That's it. I'm a little thinker. So that's probably it. What's the biggest misconception about Ralph Four Now I'm a TikTok rapper.


He be playing with that shit. You Would think That. I don't they work that Anymore. It's, these songs are so big on TikTok. That's what I'm saying. But that's not my fault y'all. Yeah, that's just where you heard me at. What the hell is number one on the TikTok music charts. But even before they get to the charts and all that, like I be on your songs, take over TikTok Energy. My fault. That's your fault. TikTok And then gq. That's our fault. That's your fault. You making it and then GQ named you the most rap's, most viral hitmaker. Nah, for sure. Yeah. I think that makes sense. Yes. Even though that's crazy to me because I don't feel like I'm near as where I want to be in life. Like this is like 2%, like 3%. Mm. But I don, I want to get to the a hundred, but it's like man, I'm, I'm low key tired of this shit.


All the mixing mingles and bad images out here. Like I don't want none of that man. You don't gotta do it. So if you could, you could be like A Kendrick. That's the best thing he ever told me. I'd be saying no to some Stuff you gotta do. You know what's funny bro? Don't like a Label lie To you. You know, I, I came here, I thought I was just doing yard. He like, man you gotta, I don I don man listen, I'm, I don't want none of that shit. I really feel like I be saying too much. Like you feel me? And Don't be saying shit Real talk. But even that like I feel like that's too much. Like for real man. It dude, you speak parables a little bit. I feel like that shit just, I don't know bro. I'd be feeling like I'm saying too much. So If you could, you would be like a Kendrick, you know, he'd pop out every so often and he'd go back in here.


You never see him doing no interviews. This is the most that we've ever seen him. You know, after you know that that beef with Kendrick Emini here with Drake. Drake, right? Yeah. He the Super Bowl. I felt like we was only seeing him do interviews and stuff like that 'cause of the Super Bowl super and the new album and everything. But, and He's still only talking through his music And that's it. Yeah. Be did one Apple music or something. Yeah, One Apple. That was it. Music interview. That's it. My dream career is like, you a great artist, you got millions of fans. You can sell out arena when you want to and you make good music to where everybody's just gonna listen to when you drop it and you ain't gotta be in no mix. Like when you go to the arena, you go back and it is, it's two of y'all. This could be two of your friends in the arena while you go perform in front of all these people.


Like that's my dream career. That's what success is to you. Yeah. That's What that would be to you. Just calm, chill. Like sometimes I won't get rashy like, but yeah, not all the time. Not 'cause you have to. You feel what I'm saying? Not 'cause I have to. Exactly. You're Not too far from that though. From that life. If you Think about I definitely am bro. Man, Think about where you work Because I have to get ratchet because they know Ralph Nine is like, bro, that dude gonna bring the vibes. Like, But you could do both. And that's actually what a a, a great artist is. Like if I can listen to a song like Hear Me Mama, honest. You think so? Yeah. I feel like Mika is a good person to talk to about that too because his songs that was like Fred the Hood and like hype and people would consider ratchet, it turned into energy music and football teams grabbed in it.


You know what Emini here, he made that transition so well and that, that's where I see your stuff. So, So Just the crazy part is though, you got people you can talk to about that, like juvenile. I'm talking to people, the biggest rappers in The World, Birdman, I could talk to Ju Wayne, I could talk to ju like They're superstars from New Orleans. Like absolutely p like he are superstar, like internationally known superstars and Generations are living off of their songs. I'm gonna tell you something, I be trying not to do that because I'm so like mentally hit once somebody tell me one little bitty thing. I don't like, I don't like you for life, so I try not to even, you feel what I'm saying? That is me. Put y'all in that position to gimme no bad advice.


Gimme like, you feel me? Like I try not to even do that, bro. Yeah, because I just hold grudges. That's it. Like what do you mean? Like what did they tell you? Something that Like if they tell me something And I, if, if I get a little vibe and they be like, oh can no, and then I feel like you just telling me anything and be like, I'm never call you again. Like, But they could be doing it outta love. Like your man told you don't do this in the video and you ain't taking away. Not Even that. Like when they be like, yeah, young, just keep hustling. I just ask you a deep I you a deep hustle. Generic. My intelligence. I got you. You feel me? Yeah. What do you tell, what do you tell, like the younger artists coming up right now, right? Came from a a, a fucked up situation like yours but made it out.


What, what would you tell them Man? Keep going bro. Jack, you just told that. Don't say I'm tell you. Lemme finish. Don't look at keep going. Don't look at none of the negative comments that people posting about you. Look at the positive ones. Don't, don't listen to nobody saying you're da da man. Look at all the positive outta every situation and every situation. There's a gem. So that's what Emini here by keep going because I let people in my ear and, and and made me feel like I couldn't keep going and like I had to stop for I ain't dropping two years. Like I ain't dropped since my mind. That was two years ago. And then I drive with the helle and then it just went like I should have been doing that like, 'cause I had with the helle when I had my mind like maybe it would've been bigger.


Like so shit like that. So like, yeah, just keep going. You drive yourself crazy to think it like that Though. I know That that's happens in God's time. That's right. Exactly. I that's, that's, that's what made me drop what the hell and shit too. I'm like man, God, if God picket he do You, you talk, you talk God in your music. So this is my last question for you. What's fueling you more now? Is it, is it prayer or pressure? Prayer. Prayer. Prayer is fuel me. Like God fuels me. Like I ask him, I I asked him to not give me what it's called free will. I asked for no free will. I asked him to take control of my life. So that's it.


You know that, That's, that's a great way to be. Four, four More questions. 'cause you, he already said I like 18 times. I don't like talking to people and he That's a sign the hell outta here. Alright, Rob four nine. Ladies and Gentlemen. Nah for sure. Lemme Me fly it streaming right now. Pick it up. And we appreciate you for joining. I appreciate y'all brother Emini here All bro. It's The Breakfast Club. Come on. Wake that ass up. Early in the morning, The Breakfast


Club. We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B-cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. There was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner and hope today by visiting music gives.org


Being able to say I feel like crying so I will cry today I'm a little depressed. May is Mental health Awareness month and deeply well is a sanctuary for your healing. I'm Debbie Brown, healer wellbeing expert teacher and fellow seeker. And each week we explore what it means to become whole through soul expanding conversations and practices today. Wow. I feel really powerful. Yeah. And ready to serve and use my skills. And it's like that's the heart of what it is to be an authentic woman. To hear this and more ways to prioritize your piece. Listen to Deeply Well from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


At and t connecting changes everything You say you'd never give into a meltdown and never fill your feed with kid photos. You say you'd never put a pacifier in your mouth to clean it and never let them run wild through the grocery store. So when you say you'd never let them get into a car without you there, no. It can happen. One in four hot car deaths happen when a kid gets into an unlocked car and can't get out. Never happens before you leave the car. Always stop. Look lock. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council


and It's gonna take us to heal us.


It's Mental Health Awareness Month. And on a recent episode of Just Healed with Dr. J, the incomparable to Ra GP Henson, stop by to discuss how she's discovered peace on her journey. I never let that little girl inside of me die. To hear this and more things on the journey of healing, you can listen to Just Heal with Dr. J from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At and t connecting changes everything. This is an iHeartPodcasts.