
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth Since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Max Bankman. I'm The new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastors dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're Gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursdays nine eight Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If. you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses, and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org. If, you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline. 1-800-GAMBLER.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Just as on maternity leave. So we have Lauren Osa filling in and we got a special guest in the building, the icon that just made Dion Cole stutter and shake. He was saying all types of stuff. Ladies, gentlemen, sweating. Stephanie Mills welcome. He said, I need to learn a lesson from you. Hey. How? Huh? He said, I need to take a lesson from you on how to You know Be Sexy. Yeah. I already told her that's gonna cut. She 32. So she got a long way to go before she get to this level of Sexy. I'm 67. You see what I'm saying? Wow. Yeah. See, I'm 67. Gorgeous. Thank you. Mm.


You know Dion got this thing in a special call. He calls, calls 'em vintage, vintage ladies. Vintage. Yeah. He likes vintage Dion. And. I are friends. But I wanted to really like jam him up. Okay. No, you Did. You did. He was stuttering the whole time after you left. The whole time after You left. When, when, when do you get to that level of confidence? You know where you just know you feel good inside and outside? All over 60. Okay. I think in my sixties, I really like was like, I didn't care what anybody thought I wanted to do, what I wanted to do on my own terms. Like 50, 55, I'd say when I turned 55, I was like, I'm doing what I wanna do. I don't care what anybody thinks. And it really does get greater later, right?


Ah, I think so. I really do. I, I mean, at 67 I'm so confident. I feel like I could do anything. You know, so I'm, I'm, I'm good. I'm Good. Absolutely Is Stephanie Mills still dating? Are you still outside dating or I'm not dating, no. Well, I'm not dating. And why not? Because I'm a very independent woman. And, I don't like knuckleheads and men have a lot of game with them. And You know Shalamar. No, I ain't gonna play with no Game. Oh yeah. You, you ain't gonna play. I thought you said I play games. I don't. No, no, No. I said and You know Shalamar because You know my background.


Yes ma'am. And who I'm who. So I'm not gonna play any games. And if they don't wanna come Right and be honest in a relationship, I think even if they have another woman or whatever, another situation, I think they should be honest. And most men are not Even even at this. I was gonna say that too. Even You know, because OGs like young girls, they don't like girls like me. They don't like older women. Like, like me. They think I'm too old. So they like them young girls. And most men like high yellow women. Yeah. They don't like dark women. So Really? Yeah. How did you, or like now If, you were to choose a date, like you're, it is so high profile. Like how would you even handle that? 'cause it's a different time of like, You know social media.


People wanna be in the press. I think I'd want a businessman, like a bus businessman. But then they're knuckleheads too, so I don't know. Jesus, it's, it's not like it, it used to be like, shalem Man's married, I date Charlamagne my baby, He gonna talk about every day for the next three. If he wasn't married, I would date Sha. I love Ms. Mills. Y'all know that? No, no, no. He loves You know. No, no, no. Well that's what I'm saying. He was a Little jealous when you came in here. Did that little thing to Dco. The crazy one is Jealous baby. Tell the truth a little bit. But everything you said, Hey, slow down, Slow down. The crazy part is, so thing you said men don't like is what I like, I like older women with melanin. Right.


I, I just You know the men that I would date are married. You know. So they're taken. So, and I'm ju I'm, I'm really a bore. I'm, I'm a person that likes to stay at home and just do simple things. I'm not one to go to the parties and all of that. I'm not her. And you've been in the in, you've been in the industry longer than most of these people have been alive? I have 50 years. Longer. Longer. Because that was The Wiz. 50 years ago I did The Wiz, my first Broadway show. I was 11. Wow. Wow. So I've been in the business my entire life. This is all I know. Wow. Is it true you didn't even wanna audition? Oh, I didn't. I didn't because I had gone up for a lot of things.


And I didn't get them. So my mother ma I actually went to The Wiz auditioning crime my mother made me. 'cause I didn't think I was gonna get it. And Your mom was like, what was her like? Motive. It was just like, I know you could do this. Or She wanna, she felt like I could do it. My mother was, is definitely my shero. She's not here any longer, but I always feel her spirit. But she was definitely one. I'm the spitting image of my mother You know in every way. Yeah. Got You. What made you wanna get back on Broadway stage? 'cause you want to, was it, how do you pronounce it? Hadestown. Hadestown Hadestown. They came for me. I was doing my tour and they said, we are really interested in you coming back to Broadway. And I wanted to do something different.


And I said, I don't know what Hadestown is. Let me go and see the show. And I went to see the show. I fell in love with the music. The cast is wonderful, but eight shows a week is very hard. Wow. I was gonna say that. How, how are you dealing with that? Eight? That's a lot. And I'm on stage the entire, entire time. Time. Wow. You know, You know Andre DeShields. My original Wiz won a Tony for this role. So when we went to see the new opening of the Wizz, he was there. And I was like, he was like, you should do this. And then when I saw him last night, 'cause I did the black Ga Theater Gala last night, which was wonderful. It was just a wonderful experience. I told, I asked him, I said, why didn't you tell me how hard this show was?


Because I'm on my feet. They're two and a half hours. Did you wanna give up at some point? I'm not a quitter. Okay. It was, but I, but I must say this is the hardest thing I've ever done doing Hadestown is the hardest thing I've ever done because it's a lot of script. Yeah. I have a lot of words. So it took, it was challenging. And once I got it, I got it. And still sometimes I'll mess up a little bit. But the cast just keep going on and we go to the next thing. But now I really, really got it. So eight shows a week. So what, eight shows a week. What is your daily routine like? You just, you gotta be in bed until showtime. 'cause you gotta be tired. You know I'm tired, honey, You ain't got time to date. I don't have time for social life.


Not now. I don't have time to date. And if I was dating, I would need someone very, very understanding You know what I'm saying? They would have to understand my schedule and, and what I do. And then I still have my son and all of that. But I sleep. I sleep, And, I, soak my feet. Have some soak. Yes. Warm You know baby, I, I'd run your basin for you. I know you would. Honey. You Said run your what? Basin. Basin. Oh, come on. Young boy. And he'll give me a massage. Wouldn't Yes ma'am. Massage my feet. That's right. That's what I would need. Yep. And you play Mrs. Hermes. Mrs. Hermes. Mrs. Hermes. Yes. So what's that role about? Like it's, I gotta come watch it. It's, it's Greek mythology. Okay. Hades is the devil.


And there's per percept. I have a wonderful cast. Philip Bass. What's Philip's last name? Oh, but Philip Yolo Maya Jordan. It's a wonderful cast. But I am the storyteller. I'm telling the entire story about what's getting ready to happen and what's going on. So I'm the storyteller. Now You know you're a spiritual person. Ms. Mills, did you feel like, okay, I don't want to, I don't know if I wanna do this role because of Hades and Satan and all this other, I felt that way. Okay. And I didn't know how Pops would feel about it, but I felt that way. But I said, this is acting and it's challenging, so I'm gonna do it.


Did you, did you ask the minister? No, I didn't ask. Okay, okay, okay. Because I, I You know, sometimes You know how you don't wanna ask your father. What do you think You know? Daughter You know. But I think he would love it. I think he would like it. But for what it is, because You know, he always appreciates what creativity and what you do. But I really am enjoying And I plan to come back to do my own show in a theatrical way. My own concert show in a theatrical way. Ooh. So like, come next year, make your songs like a script. Like Yes. Ooh. Make my songs like a script and, and do a whole thing. Like probably next year. And, and tell your story from start to finish or? Yes. Wow. Yes. Wow.


Yes. Yes. Not everything, but like, just tell the story of how I survived. Because I feel so grateful to survive with so many of my, one of my friends just passed last night. Ken Page. Who was the lion? The Lion in The Wiz. Oh my God. And. I. Just saw him that was last night. Saw him. Yes. I just saw him. Charlemagne. I like calling you your, your real name, but I'm not, You can call him Leonard. You can call him Leonard. It's okay. Leonard. Leonard. No, I, but I just saw him like two and a half weeks ago. And I always say you don't know when the last time you're gonna see somebody. Wow. So you have to love on people when you see them. Absolutely. How does, how does it feel when you, when you see your peers passing away? Like, like Ken. Page. Like, I, it's devastating.


You know, hinting battle passed away. Who was my scarecrow. It's devastating. 'cause I'm like, oh my God, am I next You know what You know. 'cause I'm getting of age. And I always tell my niece You know you gotta take care of things when I'm gone. And I know. We gotta cross that path. So I really just try to enjoy myself, love on people, be kind to people and get those people told that get smart with me. Is that why you started thinking about putting the musical of your life together? Yes. Was 'cause of those thoughts and seeing your Friends doing Yeah. Doing a concert and put And I. And I wanted to come back to Broadway, but I wanted to do it. Hades was a, is a eight time Tony winning show.


So it was coming back to a, a, a Broadway show that had been on Broadway for five years. The Wiz was on Broadway for five years and The Wiz won seven Tony's back, back when they were on. So I was happy to come back and tour a hit show. How is the climate on Broadway now for black actors and black performers better? No, I don't think so. I don't think, Has it ever been good though? I think 50 years ago it was better. 50, I think. Yeah. Wow. When, when The Wiz was on Broadway, I think it was better. I think Broadway is ran like a corporation now. It's more about the show. It's not about individuals. Hmm. You know they don't want stars. They just want people to enjoy the show.


So, no, it's not better. I was gonna ask, do people respect Broadway actors and actresses like they should? I don't, I don't feel like they get the respect or, or, or the kudos that those actors and actresses do. Because you guys do a lot of shows in a short period of time. And unlike movies or sitcoms or even going on tour, this is a totally different thing. I don't think that we do get the respect. I don't think that Broadway actors get the respect not from their peers and not from the producers of, of Broadway shows. I don't think they respect us the way they should. I don't How do, how do, how do black performers get that respect? I Don't know if we'll ever get it. I think they see us in a different light.


I think that if this is the thing, I was doing an interview a couple of years ago, maybe two or three years ago, and one of the girls said, well, we just have to keep trying. I'm like, I'm 60 something years old. I've been on Broadway since I was 11. Right. How much longer do we have to try? How much longer do we have to change You? know what I'm saying? So for me asking me, who's been on Broadway? Why hasn't it changed? I think in 2024, it's worse than it's ever been. Wow. Wow. Wow. Hard to hear. Wow. How did you feel when you heard about the death of Frankie Beverly and, and Tito Jackson?


Well, You know, the Jacksons are like my family. Absolutely. I just You know. Tito was just on stage, what? A day or so ago before that, two days ago. It's very, very hard. 'cause I'm still here and it's very hard to see my peers. 'cause I've done shows with Frankie Beverly and he was so kind to me. And he's such a, Frankie wasn't a pop act. He was an icon. He had a cult following. No matter which show he did, it sold out. Mm. But he wasn't on pop radio You. know what I'm saying? So he really set a standard of you don't really need all of that.


Just be who you are. Do your show. He was, he was amazing. And it's sad. It's sad to me. I still think about Whitney. I was talking about Whitney this morning, and Michael, I and, and Prince. It's like, they should still be here. They should not be dead. Do you think before I let Go was the biggest song in our culture? Yes. Yes. I was having an argument with Charlamagne And. I was like, there's, I don't think there's anything bigger that goes past generations. No. No. And I still don't think he got the credit. And, and the, and the respect that he needed. I think we, The song was bigger than him. The song was bigger than, do you think so? I don't know. I Don't think think so.


A song was bigger Than Yeah. Certain people for certain generations, they Most who don't even know what he looks like. Knew. Yeah. I didn. But they knew that song. That's true. But they knew that song. I knew, I knew who he was. I didn't, and when I say I knew who he was, like I knew his name. I knew the song, but I didn't know what he looked like. Well, before I did verses a lot of people didn't know those songs. That true. I sang. That is true. You know, And I think it's because when you younger you hear the music Yeah. That your parents are playing, but you don't necessarily see the artist. Right. Because I played in my house by my mom all the time. Really? Yeah. What? Yes. But I didn't know until I started working in entertainment and then I started digging. I'm like, oh, so this is who that person is. Right. 'cause now I'm an oldie. You Was no social back then. You gotta think about it.


Right. The only reason I knew who you were was because I was a dj. And when I'm blending the records, your face is on the covers. Right. But if, if If, you don't If, you're not a DJ and you're listening to the music You know the album end up, but you don't know what the person looks like. Right. When social media comes around, now you can actually see what your favorite artist looks like. That's True. Mine came from looking at albums. Yes. You. know what I'm saying? Because it was either the jukebox and my dad's little Sugar Shack or just somebody would have the album and y'all would be on the front of the album covers. Yeah. But Shala Man, you've always showed me love. Absolutely. Always. From day one. How do you not show Stephanie Mills love? Who don't show Stephanie Mills? Love is a lot. My, my, my godson. He told me, don't you go into The Breakfast Club talking Don't start no shit this time.


That's why I don't start no shit this time. That's what you said. Sergio Hudson. That's what he said. Mother, don't you go in there. You you supporting the vice president too for president. I'm supporting Cam all the way. Why? Why? Because I think we need a change. I think women are powerful. I think she's intelligent. I think she will make a difference in this time. We had a woman in there. I voted for Hillary Clinton. So did I. So You know. I want Kamala to get in there because if we don't, I'm moving to another country. Really? I mean, I'm getting outta here. I don't know if I could take four years. Yeah. You know. That's hard.


Well, I mean, they'll have us picking cotton. Damn. I really do think that. I mean, they will take us back. What that, that 25, What's that project? Oh, project 2 25 Project. Yes. Project 2025. Yep. Yeah. I mean, I think I've been in stores. I'm just watching Sergio to see if he getting nervous yet. He's Sitting up now He's sitting up. He's like, okay, here she go. Here she go. I'm gonna be good. Go ahead mom. Go Ahead, mom. But I think that there's so much, like I was just in the store yesterday and people were reaching. I know I'm little Okay. But people were reaching all over me and not saying, excuse me, And, I had to tell somebody, excuse me, would be nice.


Excuse me. I'm not invisible. I'm standing here. You know. So there's a lot of that going on. And you really have to like back people up. I'm not the kind of person that's, I'm not passive at all. At all. And I've never been good at Brown-nosing. I will be professional, I will do my job, but I'm not gonna kiss your ass. I feel like that's probably kept you outta trouble in this industry though. You think so? Yeah. 'cause I think a lot of times the situations that people end up in is because they too busy wanting to brown those, these people who may take advantage Of That is true. And the bottom line is, no matter how much you brown those, you're never their friend. That's right. You are always entertainment.


I don't care who you are. That's just a fact. I've been to enough parties to see that that's what we are When they invite us to parties, we are the entertainment. And they wanna tell their friends, oh look, I can have so and so at my party. Right. Look, so and so was here. That's all you are. I wouldn't industry parties back then when there wasn't no cameras around. Studio 54 was wild. Mm. You know Michael And. I went to Studio 54 a lot together. Studio 54 was wild. And Can you imagine Michael Jackson and Stephanie Mills walking up in a club? No. Did y'all have security? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, we had secure, but at Studio 54, you really didn't need security because I mean, Mick Jagger, David Bowie, Stevie Winder, everybody was somebody.


Everybody was somebody. Wow. So you didn't need security. But You know, I've been to parties, but I always knew when to leave. But I never went to risque parties. I never went to parties that I thought, oh, I don't know what they, you ain't gonna To freak offs. Right. Even though I had, I was at one party that was a freak off and somebody invited me into the bathroom. And, I declined. But You know. You just have to know when to say no. But If, you wanna be in it, you're gonna do everything. Denzel Washington said the same thing as you say, he said, you have to know when to leave. You have


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play in a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastor Dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I Have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If, you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses, and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org. If, you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline.


1-800-GAMBLER Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite


To know when to leave when it starts getting late and people start taking off their clothes. You know it's time for you to leave Now. Now you did mention we talked to Sergio in the back. Sergio Hudson. Sergio Hudson. Fashion designers. This is my God. Yes. Oh, That you didn't hear how I found out Heard said it. But I was just like, I That was Sergio Hutcher. I was like, yeah, I saw him. I was like, no On. He stopped me because this is what Sergio said. He said, mom, you're too much like a mom. I want you to be more like you were in the age. I said, well, I don't have the body that I had. And. I. So this is all Sergio. So how, how did y'all get up? How did y'all know each other? Because as soon as he walked in, this one over here was like, yo, yo. That's, I was Like, what?


I Say loud last night he was at the gala with me. And those women, when they see him, they're like, ah, I want you clothes. I want you clothes. But Sergio, because He doing it for us in the cou couture worlds. We Gotta come Come to the mic. Come to the mic. Get you a Chair. Sorry to blow your spot up because He does. He does Kamala Everybody. Yeah, he Does. Kamala Michelle. Yep, Yep, yep. He does for Beyonce. He does all Oh, you did, did you do the VP's that glittery dress? No. That, no, that was La LeBron. Okay. Okay. But he did, when Pulling my clin Show, Michelle wore that burgundy coat that everybody wanted for the inauguration of, who was that Cowboy? Joe Biden's inauguration.


Joe Biden's. No, he did First Ladies. He Does. So how did y'all get up? How did y'all meet each other? I, when I did, I did my first New York Fashion Week show. So I grew up pretty much obsessed with Stephanie Mills. Like most people, millennials that grew up in the late eighties. And I. Used all day, all night in my first New York Fashion Week show. And the clip went viral and somebody tagged her to it and she messaged me. And I messaged her back and she was like shocked that I messaged her back. I was, And so she was shooting a video or something. I said, I'll come out and I'll stop you for the video. And she didn't believe me.


And I showed up in Charlotte and we shot the video. And you're from South Carolina, right? I'm from South Carolina. You're from South Carolina? I never knew that. Yeah. I'm from right outside of Columbia. A little town called Ridgeway. Yeah. My mom is from Charleston. Yeah, that's where I'm born. Yeah. Mount Pleasant. Wow. South. Yeah. I was born in Charles Rai most corner. Yeah. Yeah. But go ahead. So yeah. Yeah. Sergio Hutchin is from Ridgeway, South Carolina. I had no fucking idea, I be honest with, I didn't even know you was a real person. You know you see names on clothes and You know. You don't think that that, yo, I didn't put two two Together. And Couture. Like I literally, I saw you from the door. I was like, it's, she Was geeking out. As soon as she see you, she started whispering to me. Like, Because you got like, you what you were doing what Laquan Smith is doing.


Like, oh y'all, you guys are just like y'all. Y'all really doing it right now. And I know that. That world is tough. And you're so, like you have Kim at your show, you got, you're dressing Michelle Obama. Like you are just, you still so like us. He's iconic. Yes. And he needs to get his due. And you young, you only what, 40? 40? Yeah. 40. Yeah. So we met that and we haven't been separate since We haven't been se tell me and he's staying with me at my apartment in New York. Wow. Wow. Yeah. I come home from work every day and we watch Netflix. Tell me How you got put on. Well, two things I wanna know. Tell me how you got put on to Stephanie. 'cause you are young, right? Yeah. So how did you get put on to Stephanie at a young age? And. I Know you're a little nervous, but you gotta talk to the mic. Can you fix the mic so he doesn't have to bend down?


I don't know how To fix it. I do. Oh, go ahead. Oh, sorry. There you Go. Go ahead. Thank you Stephanie. You gotta talking to a Baby. So You know I was a very visual child at four years old. I just remember watching BET and like something in the way you make me feel. And I was obsessed with fashion at a very, very young age. And I. Remember something in the way you make me feel? She had on this Patrick Kelly suit in the, the white suit she wears in the beginning, he was a black designer, like the first black designer to be sanctioned by the city of Paris. And she had him on in the video. And I knew it. I was like, oh my God. Like, and she was always like, she was just so inspirational to me. Her and Anita Baker, all these women You know you grow up loving these women.


And I was very influenced by her just because of the way she looked. Like it was everything to me. And then when she would come on Apollo and sing and the crowd would go crazy, it was just a different era and A era of real talent. Yeah. Yeah. And then You know they matched the talent with the beauty. And they were always so pulled together and so classy. And you aspire to be those type of people. And I just feel like it was a different era. And I still yearn for that era. So that's why I kinda like designed the way I do and Style women the way I do. And I Creative direct for a lot of people. He's creative director for Stevie. Wow.


Stevie Wonder. Oh wow. And Stevie's coming to New York. Oh wow. Yeah. So it's just kind of like You know. But you call her mom. So y'all, y'all have a a close, close relationship. Yeah. He become my godmother. You know. They said If, you hang around four icons, you become the fifth. No You know that. Right. It's there. Like, like he really is. And, and a lot of what you do and like you still have a really good pulse on what's happening in The. World. How do you still keep up with what's happening all the time? Because you are booked like you with everybody all the time. Everywhere you hanging with Stephanie Mills. Like, but you still know who's lit, who's relevant. But you also know, like you kind of guard your brand in a way where it's not guarded, but it is like it has that old school. You gotta aspire to be You know.


Yeah. How do you do that? I love my people. So if anybody black is doing anything, I'm gonna know what's going on. And You know, I'm, I just, I have this vision of a world in fashion where we aren't just black designers or we aren't just black entertainers. Yeah. Where we are entertainers and we are designers. Right. For The World First. And we just happen to be black, black, black. So in order to do that, you have to normalize your people that look like you in this, in those spaces. Yep. This is all His, my mission. Are you gonna be, are you not, you're not dressing or consuming anything on Broadway right now for her?


No. I, they have a whole costume. Costume. He's gonna, but when she does her show, I'm sure that's Michael is. But Michael is a designer for ha DC who was a wonderful designer. But when I come back to Broadway, he will be doing my my clothes. Why don't you do men's stuff? We don't do too much. I just launched Men Launched Men at this past, this past Fashion week. This Past fashion Week. So they'll be in store soon? Yes. Okay. Can we fit anything? Yes. Yes. Okay. Listen, you have to tell me how you made it outta Ridgeway, South Carolina. When I tell you Ridgeway is a small town. Like my town is small, but we got seven, well we got 11,000 people now. Probably more. Y'all only got like 200. It's, I'm like, No, but see, like my mom is from Charleston.


Okay. Okay. And she moved to Ridgeway because my grandmother married a man that was from there. And so my mom grew up in You. know the Metropolis? Absolutely. That is Charleston, South Carolina. And his Mother's a pastor. Okay. She's The culture and You know. So I, I always knew about what was going on in The. World. I was in the country and on a farm, but I knew what was going on in The World. And so I just kind of never subscribed to you have to stay in a little town. Same. How, how'd you get your break though? Like, what was the, what was it? It Was a lot of work. Long story short, I've worked really hard dressed a lot of celebrities that led me to inauguration in 2021.


And that really was the shifting moment for me when Michelle Obama wore my clothes to the Biden inauguration and it kinda like took over everything. And I was like this. It was very unexpected. 'cause we were trying to be low key. 'cause we were like, okay, she's not the first lady anymore. Let's just put in some pants. Let's keep it low key. It's not about her. And it just kind of became, took off all about her. Yes. That coat was fire. Well, Congratulations. Yeah Man, congratulations. So proud of you working with an icon like Stephanie Mills, Stevie Wonder. And There's an icon himself, man. It's an icon himself. That's right. Absolutely. And young, I feel so privileged that he dresses me and he goes with me.


And 'cause when people see him like you, they're like, oh. Oh yeah. I mean to freak out. They do. They Do. No. Last night at that gala, I was just like trying to carry her dress and her shoes and people were stopping me. I'm like, I'm working like You know. I just, I get in like God some mode when I'm with her and I'm, I kind of forget who I am most of the time because she does. Because to me she's just so iconic and so slept on and so underrated that I kind of like want people to see You know what I see and what I feel like people that are around my age saw at that time. But what I love about her is the realness and the willingness to retreat from the industry and not have to be defined by that.


So that's what I love and what I don't like About that. How difficult was it for you? Because I mean, you didn't come under street wear, right? Like most people come up the street where you came Couture. Couture. Yes. Which is almost impossible. 'cause it takes a lot of money. It takes a lot of experience. And they say that is like, it's rough fighting through the old white men. And you were able to do that. It's, I mean, my ladies I and white ladies What it iss couture. I have no fashion sense. Couture is like, you go ahead. It's more I do what I do is what I mean. I do. It's ready to wear. Which is luxury fashion, luxury. You know, like what sold in Bergdorf Sax Fifth Avenue, Neman Marcus Luxury. It's hard to be completely honest because fashion is not unlike any other industry. You get compartmentalized if you're black, you're expected to make a clothes, you're expected to be weird.


You're expected to like, I'm not expect when I walk in the room, people don't expect me to be the person that dresses the first lady. Like they expect the old white man. Old white Man. Yeah. And so the, I feel a lot of pushback from the industry because I don't fit the mold of what they think in American sportswear designers should be. But that's what I'm fighting against to normalize us in different places. Because we're not a monolith, we're not one type. We don't do one type of thing in every industry. Right. That's right. And that's, it's very much like that in fashion. Like if you're, and it's kind of like they have their picks. So it's like, this is the black designer we are promoting this year.


You're not that person because you don't fit the mold. You don't make hoodies, you don't make jogging pants. Street wear. Right. Yeah. You don't do that. So you don't, we didn't sanction you. And because I came in, I think when I came into the industry and it kind of blew up. It was, I kind of came through a back door dressing Michelle Obama and it just kind of took over. And the You know my mom, Like Kylie Jenner came into the modeling world. Yeah. And they kinda like, yeah, I mean you, they don't like when you don't go through the proper functions to Right. When you're black, get there. Especially when, and then you're black too. So, but I don't really care. Well, Don't take it up with God. Yeah. I don't care. And that's what my mom always says.


She said, no man, I You know I grew up in a church and my mom always told me, no man will ever take the credit for your success. That's right. And. I never understood that meant until I actually entered this industry. And I kind of came up through a way that I don't think nobody ever else did. How do you pick and choose who to work with? Like when you look at Stephanie Mills and you say, You know what, this is what I wanna put on on her today. Well You know, it's not even a question with people that influenced me. That's your muse in a lot of ways. Yeah. Like You know, but newer people, like I work with Kiki Palmer a lot. We went to the Met Gala together and we just kind of clicked And I was like, You know, I love what you're doing. I love what you're promoting.


And we kind of just started like, kind of like working together. And after we started working together, like three months later we were on the Essence cover. I was just like, because we just clicked And I. Like people who are doing what I'm trying to do in their different industry. Right, Right, right. Yeah. So that's kind of what Well, congratulations again. You man. I love the Cix. I seen him sitting over there. I'm like, this is, nah, let's, let's bring em up here. So I have to ask you got a new record out? Yeah. With Ray Chew? Yes. Yes. Mc Light Dougie Fresh. Yes. Kid Capri Kit Capri. Yes. You back in the studio? Are you Playing it? I just, I just got, just got it from first Play this Morning. We gonna play it this morning. Okay. We Gonna play it this morning. I wanna ask you about, is your math performance gonna be on the 20th?


Talk about the record. Record first. Tell us about the Recording first. Well, it's so funny because Ray Shoe sent me the record to see what I thought about it. And I was like, I like this Ray shoe. I said, this is really nice. I said, who you gonna get to sing it? He said, I'm hoping you'll sing it. So we just went in the studio. And I just, he flew to Charlotte. I went in And, I sang it and that was it. Yeah. Simple As that. Simple as that. And are you only doing music now that like, you feel like that about or like you I'm only doing music when I feel like it. Yeah. I'm only doing music when I feel like it. And your last performance is on the 20th. My last performance is October 20th and Hadestown, I gotta come see it before come. Please come let me Know. It's Thursday through Sunday, right? No, Tuesday through Sunday.


Through Friday. Sunday. Oh yeah. It's Monday off Honey. They working you death. And on Mondays, what are you doing? Like, are you sleep all day? Are you sleeping all day? And Sergio, we there watching Law and Order and Netflix and every movie we can. I don't move. Do you hear me? My I'm telling you, my feet be singing a symphony. I bet. What have you learned, Sergio? What have you learned from Ms. Mills when y'all are sitting around having them Netflix and Chills? What, what? What have you learned? I think because I'm so actively in the industry, And. I have to do things that she's had to do. It's refreshing to You know come home and be like, oh God, this happened today. And she just, she'll tell you like, look, don't pay them.


Don't pay them nigga. No attention. Yeah. Pretty much And. I. She's just like, you gonna be okay? You gonna be okay? Don't listen to these niggas. Period. Carries over Dying. That's five words to save your lifes. I'm telling you, don't listen to these niggas. Yeah. She, She, that's her motto. I tell 'em, I'm like, don't listen to 'em. 'cause I've never really, I used to listen to 'em up until my thirties and then I was like, y'all are crazy. I ain't listening to y'all. Y'all don't know. I know myself better. So listen to, I always tell him, listen to God, like your first mind. When your instincts tell you to do something, that's God talking to you.


And that's what I tell him. I'm like, You Know. And God whispers too. And he don't repeat or he, she don't repeat herself. You know whispering and she don't repeat it though. But these niggas loud and constantly repeat. They repeat themselves time over and over And over and over all the time. And saying all the wrong mess, All the wrong things. Lord have Mercy. And we'll give you bad advice and laugh at you. That's Right. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. Yeah. And definitely go check out Hayestown out right now in Broadway. And thank you You know at the Wil Co. At the Wilcox. Walter Kerr. Walter Kerr Theater. Walter Kerr Theater. Yeah. At Tuesday from Saturday, I'm there until October 20th. I'm coming next week. You have to go. It's It's Amazing. It's amazing. It really is.


The music is wonderful and it's Greek mythology, so you have to know about Orpheus Hades. Forny You know the story. It's a love story. It's tragedy, but it's a love story. But it's wonderful. I'm mean I really am enjoying it. But I'm ready to go home. You ready? Go Home. I'm ready to go home. Well ladies and gentlemen, thank you Ms. Stephanie Mills. Sergio Hudson, thank you so much. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A B, C, Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past better dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursday's nine eight Central on A, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


The NFL is committed to sticking to your game plan and always betting responsibly. If. you bet. Remember to set your limits, never chase your losses and only bet what you can afford to lose. To learn more about responsible betting and discover resources to help build your game plan, visit the National Council of Problem gambling@responsibleplay.org. If, you or someone You know may have a gambling problem. Please call or text the following 24 hour confidential helpline, 1-800-GAMBLER.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet. Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.