
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves,


State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors. Maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table.


Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now. Dot org. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We got some special guests in the building. Yes, we have Eli Nuku. Did I say that right? Aku. Aku. Okay. Yes sir. And Earl Cooper. Welcome. How y'all brother doing? Doing? Doing good doing Elijah. I always hear your first name as a last name. I've never, I've never met an Elijah one Whose Elijah one was the first name. That's 'cause of Hakeem. Hakeem. Hakeem Elijah. Yeah. I was born in Houston. I was born in Houston. Wow. But my family was a big rock. They were both Big Rockets fans and yeah, just one thing led to another. First name is, well, last name is not first name. Got you. Got You got. So it was named after Elijah. That was Oh really? I was my father, he was born in South Memphis and he changed his name during the Black Panthers when he was about 24. Changed his name from Robert Rutledge to Kwame Janku.


And now I'm Elijah and Janku. Mm. Yeah. Then went to Slave Master name. Gotcha. What's Your ancestry? Yeah, 40% Nigerian. Okay. Okay. Got But it's a, it's a Ghanaian name. Okay. Yuba. But, but it's a split in between the two. They were just big Houston Rockets fans. Dope, dope. And then when I first met Earl, I didn't realize I never met a young Earl before. Yes, I know. Is Earl name Earl for Real? That's the name you gotta grow into. Yes, definitely. You ain't grown into it yet. You still look too young for Earl. But I'm All right. I got, I got another, I got a son on the way. He gonna be Earl too. Oh hell. Okay. That's The World needs another Earl Emini here.


DMX made it a classic name. Or Simmons of course. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, you're right. You're right about that. So how did you guys get into, into golf? What? What made you say golf is a sport that I want to do? I want to try, I love and talk about that. Your passion for golf. Yeah. Friend of the family introduced me to the game. I grew up with his sons playing golf. We all end up getting golf scholarships to college. But the thing was we ended up playing basketball and golf growing up. So we were really competitive. And it was just on the east side of Atlanta, Emini here. It was a way to stay out of the streets for real. Like off Bo Crest Road, you know, east Side. It was tough. But right when I leave, because right when I leave the golf course Emini here, the hood is right there. But like when I'm at the golf course, like it was positive influences always at the golf course.


I didn't really have that as much at home as much at home. But why not go to the golf course and actually get that? So judges, doctors, lawyers, entrepreneurs, these are the people that I'm looking up to like how are these people at 11:00 AM on a Tuesday, just out and about doing they own own thing. And now it was golf. So I just wanted to be a part of that and have that to be a part of my life. So that's what really just pushed me to it. Yeah. And you're from Delaware? Yeah. Yeah, I'm from Delaware. And you? Yeah. Yeah. Two, I didn't know people really was from there. Yeah. Yeah. Until I met Lauren, I told you going to do that. How Long? It's only two of us. Two black people? No, no, two Black people.


But you played golf too, right? Yeah. Yeah. I started playing golf at the age of six inner city youth golf program. It was called the LPGA Urban Youth Golf Program. And my parents assigned me up, like nobody in my family played. And I often like to say I'm happy that my dad didn't listen to a 6-year-old because left up to me, I was like, I don't wanna do this. You know, we're all my friends, we're everybody that look like me. But he kept me in it. And then at 13 I ended up winning the golf channel drive chip and putt, which is like a free trip to Disney World. I was on TV and I'm like, man, if every golf tournament like this, I'm ready to practice. You know? Was fortunate enough Eli And I, you know, had a golf scholarship, the Morehouse College and played on the golf team there. And that's where we met. Wow. Break. Break that down for you said it was called the inner city. It Was called the LPGA, which is Ladies Professional Golf Association.


So they had a ladies major event in Wilmington, it's called the McDonald Championship. And they created like a nonprofit off of that. And it was that urban youth golf program. So again, just trying to get young kids involved in the game. And then for us, I'll say that's what also kind of helped shape our point of view. Like, 'cause everyone's like, well how did y'all get here? And these programs are great, but you need an evolved adult, right? Like all of you all have kids, so you're not just gonna drop, call it a 10-year-old off at a golf course. Right? The average age is a 50-year-old white man. Right? And then you come back, you're like, what happened? Right. So it takes an evolved adult and that's one of the things that we're always constantly encouraging people.


Like go with the kid, you know what Emini here, whatever that may be. So a lot of our focus has been on young professionals, not necessarily just the kids. 'cause we don't even make kids clothes just yet. I wonder How much Tiger Woods made people feel like influence people. Yeah. Influence people to touch, reach out to young black kids and try to get them involved in golf. Emini here he was. Yeah. Everything for us. Like coming up Tiger Woods was, you know, he dominated it. He made us wanna watch it. You know, you want to be just like Tiger. Yeah. When I Emini here, the catalyst for me, when I was 13, actually I was playing golf at, it's across from East Lake Country Club in Atlanta where they hold the tour championship. Y'all definitely gotta come out for that. But across from there, Charlie Yates Junior Academy in 2001, I actually got sponsored by Nike to go up to Chicago.


I got a 30 minute lesson from Tiger Woods in Earl Woods at the time when his father was still here. So Emini here. Ever since then, I've just been on it, you know, I've been hungry for the game Emini here. Everything that it entitles as far as like gives you, you know, and just the people that it surrounds you that, that surrounds you because you play it. So yeah, now it's done. It is done wonders for me. But What made you all wanna stick with it though, right? Because I know you said if you, when you were six you wouldn't know one to do it. It's born, that's the first thing that, you know, people argue and they say about it. What made y'all wanna stick with it? Y'all actually have a, a golfing brand. Like when people are buying is y'all got stores about the open up and airports and everything y'all, y'all still about to have y'all apparel in what, Nordstrom or something like that?


Yeah. In Nordstrom's right now. Yeah. Right here in New York on 57th. Yeah. What made y'all wanna stick with that? You don't really see a lot of us in golf, right? Yeah. So Honestly for me, golf changed my life. Hmm. Emini here. As far as temperament, resilience, you know, Emini here, everything that I am as far as like just hard work and structure Emini here. Because when you look at golf and every shot that you take in golf, it's individual. You know what I'm saying? You can't look at the entire thing is you get it lost. But that's just like life. You gotta take it one step at a time, a day at a time, you know? And golf just taught me to be really intricate on each single detail. And that's, I literally just relate that over to my professional career as far as corporate finance when I was in that, about to become VP of sales over to here, running a business, you know, there's steps to it and you have to build systems to be successful.


And it's crazy. I use all of those things from golf to relay it onto my business and it, and it's, and it's been working. Mm. When do you take the step to, to be professional as far as a golfer, right? You know, you, you see all these people, everybody's into golf and, but when is it professional and, and break it down a little bit. Like we all know basketball, we know there's a draft, we all know football, we know there's a draft, we know baseball. You go into the D league or, or the farm league as they call it. So how does golf work when it comes to that? Because you were a profess At time. So I'm a PGA professional. So what does that mean? So PGA professionals are the men and women and we're experts in the golf business. So at every golf course there, there's a person that managed that. And so more, that's what I did.


So you get your PGA certification, it's 28,000 PGA members across the country. Out of that 28,000, there's roughly like 300 African Americans, right? So the number is, you know, that's less than half of 1%, right? So there's definitely a lot of work to be done there, but that's what I'm considered a PGA professional versus Eli one. You wanna explain it? Yeah, Yeah. Emini here. The reason that I started this brand was Emini here back when I, after I graduated from Morehouse major was accounting minor in finance. I turned pro in golf. I did that for a couple of years, won a couple of mini tour events, but got to a point I just couldn't afford it anymore. You know, taking her by jobs, cardboard, caddying, like hustling.


However I can get it to fund my golf career. Last time me and my mom got in an argument, she was like, yo, it's about that time you get a job. You know what I'm saying? And so had to stop that. And I started my finance career. I was in commercial finance for about 10 years. But it got to a point, like I said, I wanted to play professional golf, but I knew it'd be hard to find sponsors. So to your point, the only way to turn pro is to have sponsors in the game. You Gotta be good enough where a sponsor finds you pretty much. Absolutely. Absolutely. And it's full circle for me, actually, I'm turning back pro and golf in June. That's the reason I started the brand because I was like, if I can't find any sponsors, why not take the entrepreneur route and sponsor myself? So now I have, you know, geo Southern Company in Georgia, power being one of my, one of my sponsors for professional golf along with a couple of other companies in Atlanta.


But it's Emini here. The whole thing is sponsorship. It's dollars. If you can raise that and that company can see what they can really get out of you where it comes to like a certain type of customer or a certain type of field, they'll pay you for it. And then How much do you need to, to be a professional? Like how much do they need to sponsor? Like say a company like that to put you in the league to go against a Tiger Woods or whoever the top professional is now? Yeah, It varies from tour to tour. 'cause some tour entry fees are Emini here. It ranges from a thousand to sometimes $5,000 for an entry fee into the tournament. So that doesn't include, you know, travel your caddy, food, rent, you know, something breaks, you know, so it would range from anywhere. I would say one seventy five, a hundred seventy 5,000 to 250,000 In the year.


Man, I love both of y'all. I love y'all stories because y'all represent, I, I like when people get into an industry and they show all sides of the industry. Because when I hear PGA professional, I'm thinking that's a player, right? That's what Emini here, that's somebody who does the business. Yeah. And that's that, that's like, damn, that's so many different ways for us to be involved in this, in this sport. For sure. Yeah. No, I, I completely agree. And I feel like that's one of the things that I'll say really just excites me about our business is the fact that we're having an impact on the sport without actually playing it. Right? And so it's kind of like a basketball analogy would be like we working in the front office, right? And so we're getting everyone excited and bringing everyone along with us, right?


Like when you think about when the brand started, it was right before Covid and then, you know, our first viral moment was Chris Paul wearing it head to toe when he was the player, when he was the president of the NBA Players association. The night of the boycott, the event that happened in Kenosha, Wisconsin. And so like that's, that's how we kind of went viral. But it was through basketball. And then from there, you know, we got hooked up with Michael Jordan and we've had like CC Saba or Victor Cruz, you know, Peka, Steve Stout, like you name it. All of these guys are like, we see exactly what you guys are doing, right? Like you are bringing in people into the game culturally relevant. And in a way like our tagline is, you know, be authentic.


So that's, that's all we require. And your logo. I love it. Barack Obama, right? Black man. This is Barack Obama. Obama. It's not beer. No it's not. So I Actually you show, I think they know. I'm looking at the ears. Yo stop. I'm looking at the ears is crazy. Rock swinging. The golf club showed on you. Did not say yes it was, huh? Created it so crazy. Nah, it's crazy. The logos actually me. I created it. Oh My bad. I just, I ain't gonna lie, just killed you. My bad. Look at, I just noticed his whole life. I never looked at his ears.


But yeah, I created the logo that, that's funny. I wanted the turn pro, like I said, it was gonna go on my bag and my polo and then I showed it to him. He was just like, yo, put that show on a t-shirt. So I did, went downtown Detroit And I maybe got stopped a hundred times in two hours. Just like, who are you? What's that logo? Where can I get it? And do you play golf? That's why I knew I had something Emini here it fly even. Even if you not in the golf, it's just a fly logo show. Yeah, no that's one of the things we always say like, you know, you don't play polo but you wear Ralph Lauren. Correct. Right. And so you don't have to play golf in order to wear Eastside Golf. And like even a jacket, like we got a Jeff Hamilton jacket, like that's not, you know what Emini here, you're not going out on a golf course with that. But we do make golf clothes for the golfer.


Yep. But at this end of the day, like our whole strategy was like meet people where they are. Right. And that's why it's important to come up on like this platform. 'cause this is where the people at, right? And they need to know, and here like, no golf is available for you. Golf. When you think about it, majority of golf courses are public parks owned by municipalities. So your tax dollars go towards that. And so again, just encouraging people to go out there and experience that. And matter of fact, we actually have a community day coming up in Wilmington this Friday this week. And again, it's a great like microcosm of like what we're trying to create where we buy out the entire golf course. So everybody comes and it's not just, we like to say it's not just like underrepresented communities, like people fly in for our events as well.


We certainly bring the community out, but we pay for everything. The food, the lessons, the range, the golf course. And it's an unbelievable atmosphere that's created when you eliminate the financial burden and people can really discover how great the game is and just meet other people. I was gonna ask is, you know, with golf being so expensive, how do you get, you know, our community to get involved? Like, 'cause clubs are expensive, renting the time at the golf course is expensive. It's not like, you know, you grab a basketball and get a park and you just go shoot. Yeah. So it makes it so expensive. So what do you tell people? How could they start if they wanna get into it and don't have the finances? Yeah. Emini here, there's plenty of ways to start. First you gotta, you know, the hard part is just kind of finding a golf course. Once you find a golf course, there are programs out there, there's, and Should you start there or should you shut at start at a range first?


Well just, I'm saying most golf courses have a range. It, it may be small, but you could start at a range or an indoor simulator. But getting the clubs, I think again it's a misnomer that you have to, you know, buy this whole set that's fitted. No. You know, I think that's the worst thing to do. Especially beginning. Yeah, That's my husband's problem. Like what, what are we Doing? Yeah, in the beginning I'm always, we are always encouraging people to go get starter sets. And starter sets can range anywhere from $500 to $750. You can go to a golf galaxy, also pick up Eastside Golf there and that'll give you all the equipment. And in the beginning you're, you know, it's just changing a lot. Even if you don't have that, you could go to the range and Just say, Hey, can I borrow a seven iron or just one club?


And typically they have those clubs there available. So look, Emini here, we spend money, you know what Emini here on clothes on all kind of stuff. So what our biggest thing is, we just want people to recognize the value. And when young professionals understand, like, look, you guys work at iHeart Media, they have golf events. So it's an opportunity to engage, whether it be artists, account execs, whoever, like decision makers. And you get a chance to spend that quality time with them. And that's the like big unlock. Like oftentimes when golf opportunities come up, we're on the sidelines. We like, man, I ain't going out there. I don't wanna embarrass myself. But that's where the deals are happening. Lemme Ask you a question.


I can can think of times, right? Like when I was younger, you know, me and my now wife walking into, you know, restaurants in South Carolina, seeing nothing but white people in there. Nothing but white people working there and saying ourselves, yeah, this ain't for us. And I remember one time in particular, you know, we went to one and it was like, oh no, we leaving. And the waitress was like, the woman at the door was like, why y'all leaving? Because it's too many white people. And I was like, yeah, the golf course probably is 10 times as intimidating as that. Just because it's like we don't see each other out there. Yeah. So if a couple of guys just pull up on the golf course, are they going, are they gonna be welcomed? Yeah. Emini here. Well, so they have private country clubs and then they have municipalities, as he once said, public parks downtown. What you pay your tax dollars On, that's where we need to be starting at.


Yeah. A lot of those, a lot of those golf courses are definitely welcoming. They know it's your first time coming out there. And on top of that, you know, some, some of these golf courses have bucket of balls, might be 12 bucks and played against sports For some balls. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Pause. Played Pause. What's wrong with y'all? Grow up. Y'all pause. Y'all problem. Y'all ball relax. No, what is your problem? Oh, I said that's cheap for some balls. Yeah, yeah. Ball balls. Oh man. Continue cheap. Like continue some Downtown bucket bucketing of golf. Golf balls might be 12 bucks, but then you can go to play it again sports and get a whole thing of clubs. 14 clubs for a hundred dollars, $125.


And this is an investment, you know, like whatever. And I see this all the time. Whatever you do with your life, I don't care what you do. If you play golf, it will increase that revenue. It will increase whatever opportunities you have. Break that Down. Why so many different types of people play golf? Emini here, I've met guys that, you know, own movie companies, guys, investors out in Palo Alto, Emini here, all the way over to being at Liberty National, the fireman family that sold Reebok. You know, all of these different types of people play golf, doctors, lawyers, these same type of people that I grew up seeing, but the connection that they have in their circle. Emini here, if you play golf, you can go out, oh, let me invite my guy.


All of a sudden you gotta foursome three, four guys out there playing golf and you don't know who it is. You know, Relax, say nothing. Play golf, man. Since the cage is going on right now, you know, people ears are sensitive. You say foursome, everybody trying to figure out, wow, y'all don't have gay ears. That's good. Yes. This guy has gay ears. I'm, I'm listening to you 'cause I, I'm intrigued by what you gay intrigued by the force word. No, I've heard that before. I've heard everybody say that. You know, they golf because it's great for networking. Oh for sure. You know, I've golfed once. I was terrible at it, I got frustrated. But, but it's a time for men to do something we don't do, which is talk Yeah.


You know, for a long period of time. It's good bonding for men I think. Yeah, yeah. Nah, I agree. I think It's, we're not on the golf course though. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Nah. And it's funny you said men 'cause we actually we're doing a campaign featuring Justin Tuck just talking about fathers. 'cause a lot of times, again, you're talking about that opportunity to bond and like it's a great sport. Like to just go out there. And a lot of times that's a, that's a man's hobby. Yeah. You know what Emini here, well we definitely support the women to get out there as well. And I, I agree that golf can be intimidating. Like look, I was the first African American golf professional at two golf courses that were over a hundred years old. Whoa. You built the 1899 Detroit Golf Club and Wilmington Country Club in Wilmington.


I started out as a caddy there, right? So like used to dream of going in the clubhouse, like, man, like what would that be like? And you know the point, And I feel like the reason why I took both of those roles was simply because here's an opportunity to reset the standard. Right? They don't know. They've never even interact with someone at that level in that position. And so it's important that we do go and kind of push through that uncomfortableness. And that's kind of what I'm saying, where as an adult, if the adults can go, we know it's just gonna, they're gonna look up to you, you know? And so if they see you doing the goal for us, we don't want it to be a shock when we show up or minorities show up and they're playing golf, right?


We want that to be normalized, right? But that's up to us to normalize it amongst that generation. Just like we normalize everything else. So it could be something as simple as like going to the movies or every summer y'all go to this place, whatever it may be. It's just normal. Just you saw it. And some Of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back. The ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most.


Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging and catching up. There's a Coke with your name on it, or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie and girl's to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins. And even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it.


To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. No, it's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments.


And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers. We Went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B-cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay.


St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back.


Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace. When you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80, that's SPA CCE eight zero to match with a licensed therapist today.


Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. So that's the thing, our goal is that we want this next generation to really say, you know what, I may play golf once or twice a year and I'm cool with that, but at least when the opportunity comes, we're not sitting on the sidelines. That's why Labels suck. And and it's, it's like, you know, who says golf is a white sport? Yeah, a white sport. 1000%. You know what Emini here. Imagine if Cooper flag, you know, a Larry Bird felt like that about basketball, basketball's basketball, black sport. Like no. If you, if you got a love for something, you should be able to, you know, embrace it. Yeah, for Sure. Going back to your, your logo though now, because most people may think it is a white sport and that, because that's what we've seen, you know, up until now and you know a little bit before, did they, did you ever receive any flack about the, the the black man with the golf club and the chain?


Oh, for sure. And the jeans For sure. For sure. Yeah. Emini here. I, I take it a step back. I, it was a point, I went to this country club in Michigan And I was wearing these pants and these white guys on the range. It was a private country club. These white guys on the range had on the same pants. Now it didn't have any belt loops on the pants, but I got singled out and lo and behold I ended up getting kicked off the course. Those Pants you got on now? No, not these. Oh, there were some other ones that I had on. This was, this was maybe like four years ago and we had just started making pants. Yeah. Kicked while, while they had the business. Had a, Jordan got kicked off. But Why was it a dress code? Like I don't Yeah. Dress code. So definitely said, yo, is it okay if I just wear these for today?


Like, nah, you gotta go on and change. I come back and change, get back on the driving range and they're just like, yeah, how can I help you? Like, you gotta wait till the, the member gets here, you know? And you know, that was four years ago and it's crazy to say now we have clothes that are being sold in that pro shop. But I say that because it's the same logo. You know, this logo was me and Emini here. There was a point when I first came out with it, I got asked, yo, is that a noose around his neck? Mm. You know, like, I didn't know what that was. And I'm like, that's a Cuban link chain. Like, come on bro. That, that's just a funny joke for them. Yeah, yeah. For them to ask that. Like they know that ain't no goddamn noose. Yeah, Yeah. But either way it goes surprise giving the, given the slack on it.


Emini here, to be honest, even my man, like when we first started, like, he was just like, I don't know if that's gonna work. You know, just from his experience being in that, I don't know if that's gonna work. And I didn't go through the PGA school and PGA program, but I didn't work at a golf country club. I just wanted it bad, you know? And showing who I am. And that's our tagline. Be authentic. That's who I, that's how I want everybody to show up at the golf course. That's what's gonna grow the game is you being yourself and continuously being yourself. Even though it's out at the golf course, a lot of people might see the golf course or country club. It might feel like that's corporate America. Or I gotta change up how I am. Like nah. Like I want you to be yourself and wear Eastside Golf while you doing it looking good.


Well we haven't seen that influence yet. You know, at least in tennis, you know, Venus and Serena were unapologetically black for sure. Tga Noga was like, I'm not black, I'm cobbin Asian or whatever. He said, yeah, You know? Yeah, nah, you're right. Emini here. And that's really, again, that's up to us. And like for us, even our strategy, like we said earlier, all of the culturally relevant people that we engage with, we needed that first in lifestyle. Like we were selling our stuff in up NYC, we were selling it in bodega, you know, all of the top tier street wear accounts. And now we're transitioning to more big box stores and now transitioning to the golf course, right? Because at the end of the day, if we just showed up, you right, it was just two black guys with a logo, even though we did play golf, it's just like, whoa, where the rest of y'all at?


Is that really a model? Is that a business? And we have proven that Emini here, you've seen it, you know, even, you know, look at what Khaled has done, you know, in the golf space. And we were with Khaled very early on along that journey. You know what I'm saying? He's actually in one of, we have a documentary and he was, you know, featured in our documentary talking about the Jordan shoes and the impact that we had there. So like, I think what we've done now is like build a community and like built a proven model on June, what is it, June one? It'll be six years, right? Have, I'm sorry, go ahead. No, I'm just saying like, a lot of companies don't even make it to six years. Right. And so it's, it's certainly, it's a real thing that we got. It's just, again, we have to continue to, to push and support each other.


Has Khaled had real Im impact on golf because I don't, I don't, I I never can tell if he's really in love with golf or he, if he's just pushing sneakers. Nah, Emini here he has, he was on the cover of Golf Digest. Yeah. Emini here. It got a lot of excitement. He's got a lot of followers. He's got big influence. Right. And so, you know, we've been fortunate enough to work with him to go to his golf events. He supported our merch. You know, he's always shouting us out like we delivered him a locker and like all of that. And so, nah, it's been, it's been huge. Because also, also when you think about it, like in order to grow golf, it's gonna happen in this room. Like they need us. Everything is trying to grow and this is the only market that they haven't tapped yet. Listen man, y'all got some of the dopest collections y'all had. Me and my husband out there, the golf, great.


Listen, and I'm telling you it was all kinds of people. What is that? What is that? What, what, what brand is that? You know, because Yes, y'all here and, and some of the, the, and what'd y'all say street, y'all wouldn't call that street wear what y'all, what is That? Oh, like lifestyle. Lifestyle. Right. But then y'all also do have like a high quality Yeah. Performance Apparel brand, right. Where I got, I had the tennis skirt on, I got and the slacks. My husband wore the slacks. Y'all even had the shoes, y'all. I got some of the dopest collaborations with Jordan's. I think he had the, the, I think Sixes under Yeah, The six, the lows. Yeah, of course. Yeah. And then I had the Air Max. Yeah. And you can change the the it come with different s color s Yeah. You can change the swoosh. I was out there like, yo, what up? Like I've been doing this forever lying and everything.


We was out there looking the part man. That's what up. So that's what's up. It's definitely quality. Yeah. Wow. Thank you. Yeah. And then tell us about the Detroit store in, in the airport that y'all about to. Yeah. So final we, well so our first brick and mortar we actually have in Tokyo, Japan, we damn created that maybe two and a half, three years ago. Our second brick and mortar we actually building at Detroit Airport. Dope. D-T-W-D-T-W. Yep. And main reason is because we have a Emini here, big history there. Him being the first black PGA professional at Detroit Golf Club. Me being, me starting the brand in Detroit, downtown on the east side of Detroit, you know, it's just full circle for us.


So why not start, well why not build that, that store in Detroit? Why Tokyo? Actually, the PGA show that they have at the beginning of the year. It's like a, it's like a big, big box retail show. And we sell to all these different country clubs. We went there in what, February, 2020. And literally got approached by some, some Asian gentlemen, you know, Japanese guys. And they loved us so much, they was just like, yo, we want to bring that over to Tokyo. Dope. Sent them like a 10,000. They sent us a $10,000 po. We sent them back merch. It sold out in 24 hours. Wow. And ever since then, it just grew from there. And then we ended up getting a relationship with a gentleman as a distributor and it opened our first store in Tokyo.


Wow. Congratulations. I wanted to ask y'all about the golf world though. Is the golf world embracing this cultural shift that's happening? I think yes. I think they just don't know what to do. Right? So it's like using the word like collaboration or like featured or remix. They like, we don't know. They obviously want it. 'cause like right now, like YouTube golf is exploding. Like exploding. Like YouTube golf in some cases are more popular than what the golf you're seeing on tv. What, What, what is YouTube golf. So YouTube golf is where they basically have like influencers go out there and they film around playing golf like they're talking and the cameras and they're pulling in pros. But I think they are embracing it some, there's always gonna be some resistance as well.


I think where we are though, we recently just signed our PGA tour professional, one kid by the name of Joseph Bramlett. Bramlett Bramlett, 37 years old, went to Stanford. You know, he's the second African American that's playing regularly out there on tour outside of Tiger Woods. But actually this week we have a kid playing in a major championship. His name is Hugo Chacha and he's playing in the PGA championship, which is like a big deal. So you got the masters, the PGA this week. And how we basically want to position is like telling these guys to be their authentic self, but also at the same time, like they're waving a flag for us. Hmm. Right. And they're kind of showing them, you know, that on and off the course lifestyle.


Like we even gonna be having these guys do not a tunnel walk, but like a walk up. Right? Like we styling them from the moment they get out the car to they changing. So we're really just Like N NBA a joint. Exactly. We're we're, we're really bringing that influence. And you know, we do have an investment from the PGA of America. So they invested in our company so dope. You know, we've been raising capital as well to just grow and expand. 'cause as you all know, as business folks you need money. You know, you need either relationship with a bank, you need, you know, family and friends. You need something to be able to, to grow. And so, especially too like now we're getting into Nordstrom's Golf, galaxy House of Sport. We're going into Snipes and 70 doors there.


So like those are big, big purchase orders. Right. And so you're buying on future. So you definitely need, you know, that financial cash flow. And I see y'all, y'all, y'all investing in the HBCUs as well? Yes. Yeah. How much? 300 grand in the miles? Yeah. Yeah. So far. 300001st year. I think about two years ago we gave 50,000 and it's just been up ever since. We have an invitation at Liberty National right over in Jersey every year. We raised That. The East Side Collegiate one That actually is at Frisco, Texas. We have a Eastside Golf Invitational for college teams. The only play in that tournament is a fundraiser for the Morehouse College golf team. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. So Mercedes-Benz has been one of our primary sponsors we're both Mercedes-Benz of USA ambassadors.


They sponsored a tournament and we end up giving the, the boys probably about a hundred grand every year. And it's just been growing. Now they have Author Blank Foundation down in Atlanta actually gifted them an entire simulator room. So that means a simulator room, probably about this size where they get the putt, hit golf shots all times of the night. Or just get in that practice whenever they can. So Yeah. So I would Just say it was like, it was so important to us. 'cause we can't sit up here and be successful and not support the program. That's how we met. Right? Sure. What do we look like saying, well we are here, but you know, what's up with Miles College golf team? And so that's always been a passion of ours to make sure that those boys are set up the right way. And you know, we just laid the foundation and now it's just great to see other organizations and other partners.


So when we go into these rooms, we're always thinking about them. So listen, when y'all buy the East side Eastside Golf golf course, can I invest? For Sure. You can invest now. I know That's next, right? Y'all, y'all gotta have your own golf course. Yeah, We working on it. Yeah, On you was talking about it in the green room. No, no, That's real. Before Y'all own golf course, are y'all gonna have your own golf clubs? Golf balls, golf, like your own Eastside Golf branded golf balls. Golf equipment. Yeah. So golf equipment is very expensive. Yes. It's to make definitely golf clubs. That's why partly Nike got out of the business. But we did collaborate with Bridgestone Golf on our own golf ball. So we do have our own golf ball.


It's just a tour bx, they already use it, but me and Earl actually own the box itself. So they sell that at BJ's Superstore, sell that at a few, few other places. Golf courses as well. So Emini here, it's just that that equipment thing is a really tricky thing. Yeah. Just because it takes a huge investment on the front end. Yeah. You know, and if you don't sell and if you don't have probably number the number 1, 2, 3, or four or five player in The World playing your golf clubs, it's gonna be kind of hard to sell him. Who's The leader in that world as far as selling the golf clubs in the company? TaylorMade? Yeah, I Say Tailor Ma is right. Yeah. Taylor got, so they got like Roy McElroy, he's right now Scott, Scotty Scheffler, who's number one in The World. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


They, they got that on lock. But like you said, Emini here we have a whole offering, right? You go to Eastside Golf dot com and you're gonna see something on there for you. You know what Emini here, whether you're a man, whether you're a woman, whether you're just getting started and ultimately like the goal was not necessarily to make golf clothes, quote unquote, just make dope shit. You know what, Emini here we going to find it. Right? Like look, Tims weren't made for Construction, right? Well no, they actually were. They weren't making the Street. They just not made for the street. Yeah, right. That's, and they're not waterproof, which is crazy. Yeah, Right. But that's the point. But we wear 'em all the time. Like that's a staple, right? So it's just one of those things where like, and we love it. Like, you know what Emini here, when our product is showing up, courtside, you know what Emini here, when our product is showing up in music videos, like literally we did a collab with, with paper planes and Memphis Bleak did a video with it on with Benita Butcher.


Right? So it's just because it's dope. It's not like we seeded it. It was just like he was looking at it and it's like, yo, that's fly. That's ultimately what we want to create because that's gonna give us the confidence that we need when we go to the golf course. So to your point, it's almost like anxiety when people sitting in them parking lots, getting ready to go first. Like, man, I don't want nobody to mess with me. What they going to say? All of that. So it's like if you got your shit on and you looking good, it just kind of alleviates that. And I feel like that's also our next step where when you are headed to the golf course, you could go on Eastside Golf dot com and just get some small little tutorials. Right. Just get the verbiage down so you feel just a little bit more comfortable when you go in there speaking a language saying, Hey, how much is a bucket of balls?


You know, where's this, what's that? Like, you know, what's your, you know how much you charge for tee time? Like just basic language. No more than four, no more than just yelling four, no More than four. Right? Yeah, For Sure. That's what's up. How can they find, how can they go to the site if they want more information? Yeah. Yeah. Finals on Eastside Golf dot com. We actually have a TikTok at Eastside Golf and our Instagram is at Eastside Golf. Yeah. And then go download our app as well. We got a really dope app. We have a lot of exclusive product on there. Merch, shoes, everything at Eastside Golf Man. Respect the y'all brothers and everything that y'all have built, everything that y'all are building. This is a very, very inspiring man.


Shit. And now we gotta get y'all out on the golf course. That's the next thing. That's the next, that's the next thing I was on. Yeah, she was, she Was real in Baltimore. Holding it down. You Already know, I feel. Yeah. I feel like God is calling me to learn. I tried it one time, but man, I swung at that ball like 30 times and couldn't hit it. And just like, man, I'm just gonna ride around with y'all and drink. Yeah, that's, Well we got a professional coach right here. We got You covered. Yeah, we let us know. We can get y'all out there. But yeah, it's a great like family atmosphere too. Like that's like you Would say my son plays my son play. I played in college And I stopped since college, but Okay. But it was one of those things, we go out there, we drink and we have fun talk shit and then come back to go to class. But in Hampton, but my son actually plays And I was like, I gotta get back out there. But just having the time for Sure understand time is definitely a thing, but it's just so worth it.


And we go to top golf with you, which is like Top golf. What That No, that's top. Top golf. Top Golf. Yeah. Yeah. Much success to you. Nah, appreciate. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Appreciate for sure. Dope. We gonna Do a quick photo in front of the screen. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell A LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, you can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in-network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.