
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along the rosa of Phil and for Jess. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. Drew Ski. What's up? What's up y'all? Hey up man. How you doing my brother?


Good, good. I was just laughing at that clip of you bringing the whole sectional over for that girl. Man. He was accommodated gang. Hey man. No, this is what's wrong with you man. With me. Yeah, but you kind of did hold back a little bit though. I'm being accommodated. You ain't go all in. Yeah, I thought you was really gonna go crazy with the jokes that you did not. Listen, I leave insulting fat people up To you. Wait all No I don't do that. Yes you did. No I don't. I don't do that. Yes you did. I I tend to have you Been keeping in contact with the fat little boy that you insulted at? Which one? Constant Mafia. Jesus pop this off. How we pop this song out? I didn't do that. They was, man, listen, listen, listen. Have you been keeping in contact with That little boy? No, I'm not in contact with that kid or his mother.


But I think I probably will be getting sued at some point from that. I don't know why, but she said she was because she got money. She said she was going to though. Yeah. I don't know how that works. So I'm new to the money so I don't know if that actually Does that go Through? Yeah, one day your lawyer gonna hit you and be like, Hey Druke, you got a civil suit. You're getting sued for X, Y, and Z. It'll, the way I'm not even joking, it comes with the territory comes with optional. You Sue anybody for any Damn. Don't Mean that they're gonna win. Right. Oh, okay. Yeah. But they can sue you For how much? For that? For calling a kid Fat? Yes. Yes. Emotional dis fat. You know why people, a lot of people do that is because they figure out you don't want the head. But I'm Saying come on man. Y'all y'all played the clip of of Kev throwing me the AlleyOOP though. Yeah, Kev started it first.


He Started Ain't gonna no snitch. You're right Now. Now you want him to be your Kobe please. They gonna go to Kai. Kai got all that raw footage. Yeah man, they, you know. But nah, I honestly, it was, I ended up apologizing to the kid. But yeah, it wasn't, I thought I couldn't tell. Sometimes when I'm in character and doing like these streams, you don't know who's acting and doing all this stuff along with you. So it's like some people be coming on the stream. They might be serious. Some people be coming on there as, as a character. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the kid was there playing something. So I don't know. I really didn't know. I didn't think when he started crying, I'm like, oh man, come man. Yeah, I really thought it was fake. 'cause I'm like, oh, they playing into the character of the Adams family.


Oh, this Is fat wasn't a character. He wasn't Well, yeah, he actually was a fat kid. But I didn't tee it off man. Yeah, I just thought, I'm like, it's all it, it is a green light because shit, everybody been calling me fat all night. So You was looking at like fat track. Everybody Like, hey, hey man, sit down man. Sit your fat ass down man. Yeah. So I'm like, oh okay. This is green light for every, everybody getting called fat in here? Yeah. Fuck It. So you think we should have called her fat is what you're saying? She said you can't say that. You gotta say F word. Oh, Okay. Oh, the the girl it's offensive with a sectional. Big dank. Oh, big dank. No, I just thought it was funny as hell that you brought the whole entire sectional. You could have just found a bigger chair with no arms. There Was no bigger chair. It's a chair with No, I think she just wanted a chair with no arms.


Where he made it worse by Look around the studio. Where do you see that at? Sectional. Yeah, you're right. That ain't no Satan Here you have you Done Coulda Been Love Detroit yet? Yes, we did do Detroit. Damn. She was, she's from Detroit. Jesus. Yeah, she's from Detroit. Damn. You gotta have, I would signed that too. Oh, you Big women? Yeah. Yeah. I Just say we have, we got some big women on the TV show. I got Emini Here. Lovewise, are you in? Is are you into big women? Tough question, brother. Boy. Hey man, you, I've been there. I've been there. Okay, you there? I'll say I've been there probably before the money and the fame came. Okay. You've been there. What? Like dating a big woman Or you? Well, I've been in between and then and and some seams.


You from Atlanta. Of course There's a lot of big beautiful women out there. Don't forget You come From Drew. Yeah. No, I'm not. That's why I say I stay grounded. You know, even with the money and the fame. I said that and that's why you, I've said I've been there. I ain't say I might not revisit. Mm. Okay. One thing I do appreciate about you Drusky is how you show love to Studs. Man. Man, we don't have enough appreciation for Studs. What? Straight up and never have up. What made straight up. You start showing Studs the love you do. Well you know, Studs, people don't understand that Studs have an appealing touch, truthfully. Like you can share clothes with them. You could vibe with them. Sometimes they could be a bro, you know, like when you hanging out with a girl and you be like, damn, I feel like I, I can't express my feelings to her 'cause she gonna think I'm weak Studs. They understand that.


Wow, they got periods bro. Mm. You know what I'm saying? So, So it's like talking to your homeboy but with like Feelings. Yeah. It's like talking to a homie. But you can also hit on the side if she with it. You never know. Sometimes the Studs, they be sneak dicking. Wow. The stud. They don't tell y'all that. That's what I'm saying. They don't tell y'all that Studs be sneaking. There's a whole group Of people that are like, It's called sneak dicking. It's a whole thing. It's, it's a term. They call it sneak dicking Studs. It's called sneak dicking. Yeah. What's the indicators like how, you know when a stud is with the sneak dicking or Not? You never really know. That's the thing about them being a stud. They're so, it's like they got a mask on, so sometimes you just got to poke at it and try to see, okay, poke at it. See you crazy. Not, not You. Crazy.


Not actually, but I'm just saying like, you know, you just try to vibe with 'em and see how they feel. Some of 'em, they are stuck up and they don't go for none of that. So I You gotta respect those. Put 'em to side. That's a bro. Do they fuck like women or do they like, let me get on top? Yeah, They, they do it but they, you still going hear the masculinity in the voice. Got you. Yeah. So it kind of fucks with you a little bit. How many have you had? Could You, Hey man, we not here to talk about that, right? Yeah. Not that many, but a couple. Yeah, A couple. I Think it's wild ones. We got some on the show though. Coulda Been Love. Yeah. I think it's wild when Studs pull out their scrap on and then they like have another girl sucking on it and, and the person with the scrap on Be more and Try to act like it's something going on that's come on Man's wild to me. Are you into that?


You watch that type of stuff? Do I watch It? Emini here. You just explained it. You did explain that. Yeah. Put a comedy. Put a comedy on. Oh, okay. Okay. Because it's like, it's like, you know, if you get a tattoo, imagine getting a tattoo on a fake arm and acting like a Exactly. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. That's How they, it's kind of, it is a dumb thing. It's like let's cut the shit. Yeah, yeah. I get it. No, I know. And you got the record with Young Ma. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We just, but why do we have to go into that? Yeah, why ist that the transition. An amazing segue. Sucking one of those things and then going to young in Ma come on man. Don't do that. No, that's the bro dog. But, but you know what made, think about it. Young Inmate was up here one time, a long time ago And I asked her that, remember she had the line short in your head And I asked her how.


Yeah. And she, But you know, when I, when we shot the music video with her for the song Coulda Been Love recently she told me, she said, you know Druke, I don't be caring 'cause I'm not really a stud. She said, I don't see myself as that. She see herself as something completely different. That's why she's like the queen of them because she don't even see herself on that Level. Can you call it a queen? Are you using the right term? And I King Probably. Yeah. You right, you're right. Probably king. I don't think, I think Young in May. Wouldn't mind being called a What? No, she told me straight up. She said I'm not, she said I ain't classified as that. She told me straight up. See what I'm saying? She said, I don't want to be called that. She said, I don't get offended. Everybody asked me like, do you get offended by what Druke be doing? Yeah. And she said, no, I'm not a stud. Right. She said she in her own lane. I don't even know what they call her type.


Fine. But I really still don't know what they call her type. Dun. May is a Cutie. Laura said she, she, she's not into girls, but she would be in the younger May. I think for a lot of us straight women. She, she would be doing, because she's like a Brooklyn. Like you just, yeah, She tough man. She ain't, she's a tough cookie to crack, I'll tell you that. So you hand selected her like you was like, I know I want to do this song for my Coulda Been Love. Yeah. I want Young in me. It's because we got so many Studs in the house and I know that, you know, you, you can't do something like that without getting her approval. So I wanted to make sure we was doing everything and, and following suit. Right. That's what it's about. Representation. Yeah,


representation. Well congratulations on the Dunking Donuts commercial. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank


You for that. Not just that. You getting a lot of endorsements man. Absolutely. Dunking Donuts draft picks. No. Yeah.


No, not prize picks. Prize picks.


Prize Picks. What else I saw you in? It's a bunch of stuff.


I did a Nike commercial.


Commercial Nike. The sign About the Coulda Fest. The music festival. Yeah. Coulda fest at


The State Farm Radio.


There's a bunch of stuff I don't read no one, I can't keep up with it. I don't, yeah, it's all that What's More lucrative endorsement money or the money you make off social media doing sketching stuff. It, it equally, I think equally the same kind of, it just depends on the deal. I think it depends on what, what the deal is. So the Super Bowl commercial, definitely. That was my first time doing that. So that is lucrative. If you don't type the people out there don't know a Super Bowl commercial is, and you could be shooting that commercial for two hours. But for it being in the Super Bowl, it Yeah. It's to Share The number. Well, nah, I don dunno the number. I think my, my managers and them, they handle all that stuff.


Manager Not in the back? Nah, nah, they're not here to this morning. They're not here. They're not here this morning. But You know the number though. Yeah, no. You know what's crazy? I saw that Jim Carrey was supposed to be in this Dunking Donuts commercial with all of us. So Ben Affleck, Donny Wahlberg. Yeah. Yeah. They, they had Ben Affleck in it I think. Yeah. Jim Jimmy Wahlberg, what is it? Donny Walberg. Donny Wahlberg. Yeah. Jimmy Walberg. No, no, no. That's what Yeah, no, no, no. I actually was talking to him on set, but no, Jim Carrey was supposed to be in it and they accidentally sent the amount of money that he was supposed to get for the two hours that he was gonna be on set. Wow. And nigga, I was mind blown. You had to send it back mind?


Yeah, well we, we had to act like we didn't see it. Wow. Five minutes. But then my team kind of, yeah, it was, it was up there. Wow. Over 5 million, two hours to be on set. Yeah. Wow. It was, it was up in that area. And I'm like, what? So we argued back with them. They didn't budge though. They were like, nigga you money, you ain't Jim Carey, bro. No shit. Let's, let's cut the shit. Yeah. That's so they didn't, yeah, but no, I just thought it was kind of like, damn, like this is the level to work up to. This is, it was kind of inspirational a little bit, seeing the number that they had him there for two hours, but he didn't end up doing it after he turned it down, I guess. Yeah, he turned it down. So I'm like, damn. So what does he really want for two hours if we up in those numbers? What? I don't know. It is, it is Jim Carrey though, shit. But that, those are like, you're right there in the commercial.


Right. You're in the conversation with them. Right. So for me, with you watching you grow from when you first started to where you are now, one of the things that I admire is like you've always kept yourself at a certain, like, quality of work to get to where you are now. Did you do that purposely? Because I think a lot of times anybody that's online content creating, you kind of get stuck a little bit. Yeah. Where people don't take you serious in the brand deals, in the endorsements, but like you're outta here. Like Yeah. A lot of people not getting that accidental email to See that I, I, I, I tried to like, do stuff for it's, I, it's, it is a crazy way to say it, but I try to do stuff for the streets, the trenches. You know what Emini here. So I, I try to make sure we feed the streets, which would be social media where I'm not giving them stuff and then all, all of a sudden being like, oh, y'all gotta pay for this now.


Right. I, I want to keep this fan base going here, but I also kind of want to dip into this area without making it abrupt. Gotcha. Like I saw, I watched some of the dudes from social media try to abruptly just be like, I'm stopping here. I'm going here. And it's like, it fell off every time. 'cause it's like, bro, you not even feeding the people. This is what they love you for. Keep the main thing so you can't Yeah. Keep the main thing going. Correct. Because you, you, how are you gonna fuel this stuff without this fan base? You need them to still come and support this. So I try to play a little bit of the both sides thing where I can still do both. It is hard. It's tough because shooting some of these skits in public be kind of hard still to do when it's like everybody know.


Yeah. Everybody know you and people tweaking out. So we try to make sure we can make it happen. But yeah, it is, it is very, it's it's, it's, it's tough. But I think I try to pull through and make it happen every time. That's what I like about You too though. They're gonna study him and like schools are gonna start studying contact creators like yourself to see how it happened. Because you're making more money than a lot of these people out there. And people are trying to figure out why. You Know what Emini here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What you mean? Why? Yeah. Wait, hold on. What what the fuck you mean by that man? 'cause she was Wild though. I'm gonna tell you. No, because people don't what mean people don't understand internet people serious sometimes. Like I was at my daughter's dance this weekend, right? So I'm up at early in the morning they had a documentary on the effects of Taylor Swift and how it just, the effects of her business mix people so much money.


So people just don't get it and don't understand, especially people in the old days, they don't understand the how much you actually make and how people follow you. Same thing with Kaa. Not like, they don't understand that. So people gonna, oh, they Damn. So don't know how much Kaa not make When they say don't, when you say don't understand, Damn, that nigga rich man. No, Kai got it. But you mean they don't understand why they making so much money off screaming? No. Like there's a certain age in like, just people that are like, oh that's, yeah, there's A gap. They don't Understand that. He's like money. That's cute. But like that's not a real job. And if it's not a real job, there's no real money. But like Kai, I saw this swipe through of like the big watches at the Super Bowl. Y'all saw that and Kai was on there was like Jay-Z, Tom Brady, Kai And I, I was like, oh, the money is crazy. Yeah. Kai just got into watches us. Yeah. Yeah. Like, but there's a certain level of people who would look at a content creator or a comedian like Drew Skin and be like, that's nice.


But like he's there because he has like an audience. It's like, no, he's here because talent and also because You got an audience. Yeah. No it is. 'cause you got an audience Not Nah, nah, that's not, yeah, they're paying for that data. But also I think, I think you, it's just the transition that they don't understand. They don't understand how Oh, it's not always on tv. Correct. So the older, like the parents even my, like my my my grandma right now, she don't be understanding what's going on. Oh wow. She has no idea. I'm sure she still saying get a job. Oh, she is com Yeah. She's completely confused about what's happening. Yeah, she, 'cause people are calling her that are younger like grandkids of her friends and like, oh, we wanna link up with such and such grandson. And she's like, why, why would you wanna link up with what, what, what did he do?


What are you talking about? So I try to, I try to tell her what social media she, she's completely out of it though. She has no idea what social media is, How you explain it to her. I be trying to explain, but she go on her Facebook like once a month. Mm. So she, I think she follows some page on there that say Drusky on Facebook. I don't be on it. So I, it might be my team or something. But yeah, she tries to keep updates And I try to like let her know, like I'll tell her to tune in when a commercial comes on TV so she can see it. I just want her to see it. You know what Emini here. But yeah, it is confusing for the older crowd of people to understand what famous, 'cause even with some of these companies I work with, I've gotten brand deals off of their kids being a fan of me. Wow. At T Beach by Dre.


Yeah. Yeah. We don't gotta we don't gotta name 'em. Yeah, no, that's Yeah, we did that at one Point. Yeah. KI talked about that too with the, with the, You can name a couple more if you want. I'm joking. What was, what just passed? What? A workshop. Oh, the Grammy. Grammy Grammys. Grammy K. I talked about that too with the Grammys. He was saying that like a lot of his access in the Grammys was because people's kids was like, that's Kai. So insecurity was like, oh come on. Yes. So when you're in the meetings and they're like, oh my son loves you. And you're like, oh shit, okay. For some reason it me it gives you more of a meaning 'cause because they want to respect their kids and they want to understand like, why does my kid tripping out? It's gotta be a reason I gotta, I gotta tap in with this younger crowd. And that has been kind of like the success for me.


'cause you meet some of these executives, they have no idea what's going on. 'cause they may just watch ESPN at night. They might see a commercial or something, but they don't really understand what's going on. 'cause there's no, you know, what's the comedic shows that was in Living Color or there's Elle Show. SN L's not the same as it once was. You know what, Emini here. So they're trying to understand what's going on and who these people are. But yeah, the, the kids is the reason that a lot of these companies know what's going on. But the tv the TV stuff, the, the commercials and stuff definitely has helped elevate you as well. Yeah, Yeah. I agree. I agree that Dunking Donuts was crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That being with Ben Affleck, that dude man, he is like, he was on set.


He wasn't there for two hours. He was there for two full days from like Sun up to sundown. Imagine he, and keeping the energy too. Like he was really directing, producing and acting in the commercial. Mm. So he's running around, he's going behind him. He's like, oh no I don't like the way, alright, let's do that. Alright, let's run it. Alright everybody. So I'm like, like, damn, like looking at this dude, I'm like, bro, this is what that now, that's now that's hard work. Like he's not bullshitting it. He's not walking around and flaunting and acting like, oh, I'm here. I'm on set. He really is like locked in. That was probably the first person I've seen on like a real set doing Wow. Multiple jobs and actually doing it and with the en energy the whole time. Drew, You know, you, you are that person.


No, no, no. And this's what I Emini here by I try to be Yeah. When you're shooting your own sketches, you writing the sketches. Yeah. You're acting in the sketches, you're producing the sketches, you're directing The sketches. But I, I would say it's a little different because it's not as many people I'm directing. He had a set of about 200 people maybe. And like a lot of people on cameras, a lot of people on sound, a lot of people doing hair. A lot of people do. And he's directing every And you're gonna be able to do That. Yeah. Of of course. 'cause you're doing it now and you've been doing it for, for years. Yeah. That, that's the other thing I love about what you do. And even Kai, like, you know a lot of people who say that they're content creators just because they sit in front of a microphone, turn the camera on. Yeah. You Talk for two hours. Yeah. Y'all really create content.


What you're doing is actually creating Emini here. And don't get me wrong, that's a form of content, but that's only one form. Right. You do the sketches and all of that other stuff. That's a different level of content creation than me. Yeah. And I think you are right. It's a lot of people that just go and get podcast equipment and set it up. Yeah. We don't get them mad again. Whatcha Talking about man who, who, who got mad at that? The fresh fit people. Oh, okay. All right. Go ahead, finish. Nah, we, I was trying. Yeah. Nah, we, I Wasn't even talking about nobody in particular. Yeah, no. Nah, I know what you mean. No, seriously. Like there is a lot of people that try to say that and they might be in it for different reasons. The reason why, you know, the Kais are winning is because, and, and of, and of course amongst others, it's not just him, but it's because the people that love it.


Like you love what you're doing. You're not just doing it for money, you're not doing it for the cliques and you're not trying to get the clout from, it's more so like you really are eat, sleep, and breathe in this situation. Like I've seen Kai Cenat or like even Kevin Hart, like nonstop. Like while, while we're on stream, they're also working. Like I'll see Kev go, you won't even notice it on a stream. Go take a call and it'll be like middle of the night. He might be taking a call on a, somebody in another country wants him to come and do some show for multimillion dollar. He'll close that come back. Same energy. It's not even changing and, and like throughout the whole entire time. So I always like to watch and see like how some of the people that you look up to kind of are working because you see that, all right, this is not like a money thing for you.


You actually, this is your passion. So that's, I I try to live the same type of situation as well because of that. What advice would you give somebody? 'cause everybody wants to be a content creator now. Right? What advice would you give to that next kid that's like, I want to be drusky, I want to be Kai. Yeah. I'd say you gotta be there for the ups and downs. 'cause hey man, they gonna talk and everybody talk. I'm talking about you search your name up, you going, it's stuff right now. They, they typing all types of stuff right now about any and everybody that's, that's lit right now, including myself. So it's like you can't win in their eyes and you gotta be cool with that. That's right. So that's the main thing I would say to anybody that's on the up and come up because it's like, yo, there's really, you, you, you're not gonna win every argument.


And for the celebrities that go out there and respond to everybody, it's like, bro, this is a pointless art. They're gonna always find something horrible about you. It don't matter what it is. So Yeah. It kind of sucks. And they can't wait for you to, they can't wait to say you whack. Yeah. Like you get To a certain point where you're so successful. Yeah. Yeah. And you probably doing the same things you've been doing. Just as funny as you always, And you see it happening right now and you see it and you know who we talking about. And you get to that certain point. Who We talking about? Nah, I'm Just, Say it again. I might could tell you who, what'd You say? I'm fucking around You. You like to throw little stuff throwing? Nah, I, I'm chatting. I'm chatting, dude, I'm just chatting. I'm Throwing, I saw you rocking the Las Vegas Asian shorts too, man. Who? What? Huh?


You had on the WNBA women basketball shorts. Oh. How you know them was WNBA man? Because I'm A-W-N-B-A fan. Oh, you a Fan? Yeah. And I'm WA fan of the ACEs. 'cause you know they got AZA Wilson, she from the crib, South Carolina. You know what Emini here. And I saw her, I actually saw her repost and she put I Spy Yeski in the Las Vegas shorts. Yes. I, I'm a big fan of WNBA And I. No, I, I just like the short, the way the shorts fit, the shorts fit me better. 'cause of the, you know, women's legs are Wait, what? A little thick. They have thick. Yeah, they're a little thicker. So it piss me a little bit more loose. No, I ain't got hips. No, I'm not saying that. No. I You Like women's Clothes better than men's clothes saying stand Up real quick. No, it's not. I'm not saying that. It's just a don't let Her objectify you like no, It, it's a thigh thing.


You know, it's, I got good legs, but It's A's a thing. No, it's a thigh thing. Oh, thigh thing? Yeah, it's a thigh thing. So with the women's shorts, I, I purchased the WNBA shorts because of the way they fit. It's like a, they have a bigger, it's not the waistband, it's the thigh. If you got thigh hip Ass. Yeah. If you ass you now you, now you, No, I'm just asking what you mean doing? It ain't about ass. I ain't say ass. I said say what ways? No, it's about thigh. It is not about ass at all. No. Let me ask you a question. Juke, lets say one of your partners came up to you and said, yo, bro, last night I went to a spot and they actually waxed my whole crack in my ass. Oh man. Balls and all that. What, how would you reply to That? I say what spot was that?


You, where would you go? No, I, I'm not saying I wanna go, I just wanna know what spot, what address is it? It's a waxing place. European wax. Oh, they do that. They just came out the blue today. It was like, yo, YI just wanna tell you, you know, I got wax last night. They waxed my balls, my crack. And I'm like, That's Kind of, Hey listen man, you know these dudes out here doing all type of shit. It, it get worse than that. So I don't, But you seen worse Emini here. That's not bad. First of all, it's not bad. It's not Bad. Yeah. Wax is wax. I just, I I wouldn't indulge in it. That's not my thing. You say That now, but you young wait until you get about our age. Oh, I'm 46 years old. When you get through that age, You don't use the Clippers no more. The clippers are, That's What I said. What's wrong with the Clippers? Because the hands get wilder as you get older. Oh yes. Like they get wild. Like how you, how you Are you saying, are you saying wire like Wry?


It gets wild. Like it be all be like, damn where all of that came from. Like, I don even know had Damn. Hey man, Wait till you get older. It might be a personal issue, man. It might be. But You got Chihuahua down there, Don't you? What The fuck is down there? Whatcha talking about, man, what the fuck do you got? I'm telling you. It get wild. It get wild. Yo. See you about what? You be 30? What? No, I, I just turned 30, so, okay, So you got about 16 more years. Yeah. When you get past 45, it's going be crazy down there. You can be like, damn, does The hairs turn gray or something? Yes, that Oh they do? Yes, that happens too. Oh. So that's why they gotta get 'em white. You don don't even No, that's embarrassing. So someone's Older and their hairs are not gray down there. They do, they they color him. They turn. I You be coloring. So I, I don't, he put Beijing everywhere.


Do not use just for men. Not Beijing. Rewind the time. Don't rewind the time. It's just for men. Sir, don't that look you, You want Beijing niggas? I don't use Beijing. Hey man. Hey. I know. 'cause it's a new product. It ain't just Beijing now they put the hair follicles and shit. Yes. Yeah. So it's like the whole thing thing. No, I don he's 30. It's blind. Yeah, that's, that's a different thing. Talking About die blind. It makes it Okay man, shit, I don't wanna see with that color. Listen, have you done a sketch about Beijing yet? Yes, I recently did. Recently. Yeah. They was mad about that too. That, Damn, I missed that. But I saw The reason why The LA can't unla Themselves. The reason why, see, she gets the specifics, man. Oh, I'm just asking, but no, no, no, no, no. I, I, the reason why I did it, we went to a party and it was like a older, like, corporate party.


And there was a dude in there leaving his hairline on people's shirts. He dapping people up and doing this. Don't do that. It's not that bad. And then bringing his whole hairline and leaving it on shirts and not knowing he's just around there showing love and everybody leaving just A minute. Don't do that. You are a liar. I got a video of this nigga. He had a hoodie on. He, you know, in the, in the winter he had a hoodie on. He did like this. Then when he took it off, that shit was all on the inside of the hoodie. I got the video.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play. And a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the att guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com. Well, It's not the truth. Are you using the hair follicles or the Beijing? Which one? It's just for men. You know the hair Foles was come off easy In just a minute. It's a shampoo. You shampoo in wash. Like, like The wind could blow when the hair follicles fly. It's just for men.


Oh, Okay. That's what it's, I can bring my people Head. I shaved off you yesterday. I can bring it in. You you Kept fat joke. Fat joke. Be doing that. He Doesn't, he doesn't die. Rewind the time. He has his own die company. Wait, Paul called Rewind the Time. He's gonna rewind The time. Why did you keep that? I didn't keep it. Lauren, don't listen to me. Oh, I just be Talking. Yeah. Nah, it it, it is bad. I How do we get here? Yeah, yeah. You Oh, you right now you got this new show. Could have been a love. Are you really looking for love juice? Yes. Yes. I am. Like, seriously? No, seriously. And, and, and the show will show that. Why y'all laughing? It's whatever she put in that coffee. That's what it is. No, the show, the show will show that I am looking for love and it was amongst a, a bunch of girls in the house.


And you know, I think it was probably the best situation to do because it's like bringing back the vibes of like, flavor of love and, you know, those shows. Like, I love New York and this time. 'cause no, nobody in this generation has seen that. I grew up watching that type of stuff, you know, and that is really what I wanted to bring that vibe of. It's like, all right, if Flava Flav can find love Flava Flav. What are you saying, drew? No, I'm not saying that. I, I just met the dude. He's, he's, he still looked the same, but I'm, I'm just, He's such a nice person. Yeah, he's a good, yeah. Nice. Per, now when a girl say you a nice person, what'd that mean, bro? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sweet. What'd sweetheart? No, he's a good dude. Nah, all jokes.


He's a good guy. But Flav, if Fla Flav can find love on television, I I I was like, all right, let me just go with his motto's for you though. It makes sense though. I think so. What are you looking for Though? What, what type of woman? Like what's, We got a lot of women that was in the house. Meatball is on there. Yeah. Meatball. That's you, Philly. Oh shit. I said we got the trench babies in there. You know's what So I wanted a selection of all, I have white, black, Latino, BBW Dr. Martin there. Yeah, we got, well he's not a contestant, Dr. Martin, but you make it pop up. Dr. Not a contestant. I'm not a contestant, but he is, he did help me find love. We had Bobby Altoff, she was helping us find love. Caleb Presley, Dr.


The one kicked all the white girls off immediately. Yes. Young and May also was helping us as well. Yeah. But yeah, Dr. Umar, he wasn't with all the, you know, he was straight pro Afro American and he, he let them know, like he was asking some of the Latino girls, he's like, do you see yourself as Afro-Latino or just la Latino? And I'm like, what the fuck does that mean? Man? It doesn't make sense what he's saying. It's like, nigga, what is Afro-Latino? He's like, do you believe you, you are Afro-Latino? It doesn't, yeah, he's, he's a What made you go Get Dr. Luma Emini here? Drma fantastic. Yes. What made You get him for this in Particular? I wanted to see what girls were in it for the money.


And I wanted to see what girls were in it, honestly. To, to be with a king. And he knows all about a king situation. Like how could you uplift his empire? Yeah. Yeah. And that was one of the things he preached on in the show. But he got a little, we had to get him set. He, he kind of, yeah, he started, he went crazy. Well he, yeah. Scared all white one. Yeah, he was, he was actually scaring the women on the show. We got him set. Jesus. Yeah. It got bad as A joker. He really scared Me. No, no, no. I think he, he got into his bag of like, he started arguing with one of the white girls out. He's Really like that. No. And they got, yeah, he, you thought you'll see it's on, it's all around like episode three or four. I think you'll see he, so This is serious.


Like you really looking for love on The show? Oh nah. It was serious. Yeah. In the, the teaser that you posted on your Instagram, you lean a lot into the whole Ruby Rose. People thought that was fake situation. So I didn't know if this show was like, you really looking for love or it's another gimmick Situation. No, we just wanted to make it like, feel like, yo, like this stuff was covered on TMZ and all these pages. We might as well look for love if this is what's going on. It's like, yo, this year for some reason, my love life has mattered the most. So it's like, all right, why wouldn't we do a show? That's kind of what we wanted to show. Like, all right, this, this kind of almost makes sense to do right now in a comedic way. Of course. But you said for some reason, what do you mean You was in the back of the boat kissing Ruby Rose. That's why we care.


No Emini here. Yeah. No, I'm not saying for some reason. I'm just saying it just was, you know, that's what this year consists. I've never really been public relat. Did You ever come out and say was a stunt? No, I didn't. Well I didn't. She did. Yeah. She, you know, You said you paid for pr, not the pussy. Hey man, Jesus. Hey that's, Yeah. That's neither here nor there, brother. I just, you know, I just go with the flow. I let people talk, man. I don't, Did you love her? Love is a strong word. Did you like her? Did she Break your heart? Yes, I did. I did. Did she break your heart? Nah, I don't think at all. I think, yeah, I think it, it might've just been my fault. I, it was some things that, that transpired in the midst of all the, you know, all that bullshit man.


You know how this shit goes fake man. I don't know what happened. Did you cry? Nah, no. Nah. We wasn't in that deep. I this, that's why I said it wasn't love. It wasn't at that point yet. So, but You went public with her, which was a big deal. I think that's why we all thought it was fake. 'cause we were like, yeah, you've never, like, you Know what it was though? It was probably because we grew up around like the same area. So it was kind of like naturally, eventually maybe gonna happen. You know what Emini here, like, it was like, because of friends and like other people around her camp, being with people around my camp, we always would see each other. It was like always like a, a blow by situation. So it was like, ah, maybe. Yeah. But then sometimes he'd be like, I ain't got no money yet. Nah, I ain't, You ain't got no money yet.


But That was at the time. No, I'm saying at the time You lying to her telling her you ain't got no money. No, no, no. I'm talking about back then. I'm saying like, well you grew up in the same area. So it's like, oh, Wanted her. But you knew you. Well, I ain't say that either, but I'm just saying it's like, ah, I might, I get this bread. Yeah, yeah. When I get this, I'm gonna holler back. But I might, I might, I don't know. But that's, did you buy, did you buy It transpire when you was together? No, I ain't, I don't think I bought. No, no. I did. I I, I did. I did like some flowers, but it was only like a couple weeks. It just Wait, your Whole relationship with her? Yeah, it might've been like, I don't know, was two, three Weeks. You went public after two, three weeks. Hey, I was wild. You ain't that great. Nah, nah, I wasn't on that. I, it just, what, you know what it is? It's because I thought like, alright, this is what we supposed to do.


I'm thinking like, oh, we both in the public eye. This is, this is what's supposed to happen. Like Let get ahead of it before it happens type of thing. I'm so confused. No, not even before it happens. It's like, I was like, fuck it, Emini here, somebody's gonna leak it at some point we going out in public and doing stuff, shout out to re might as well might not, you know, like it might as well. So I don't think it was a bad situation to go public. I just think it might've just been a little too early. Like with, with going public, I do believe you can do it too early before y'all get to adjust. And like a week is early. Just like how you can move in with a female too early. Have you done that before? Yeah, that's, yeah, that's right. What's Your sign, DKI? I'm a Virgo. Okay, so you lean into love a lot.


Well Yeah. Obviously weeks. Yeah. And going public is pretty And you a freaky as man, Female. No. Who the fuck? Hey, what y'all talking about man? Talking. Whatcha y'all talking bro? And they're Such love, love love, love love, love people. Oh my God. Listen man, listen A few weeks and you listen back of that Into You was in Miami with the tongue kiss. We thought it Was real. But see, listen, that's, that's what I thought. I thought it was because you know, with all this like public perception, you try to think like, oh okay, this is what you supposed to be doing maybe, but you know, everything, everything happens for a reason. It is, you know, it is what it is. But you know, people say things on the internet, I ain't Mad at you. My burger brother, they say burgers are sensual sign, but they say they could be problematic because they, they have problems with perfectionism.


Mm. So they focus too much on people Flaws And making people feel inadequate. Like when you No hey, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, we not about to throw that in there. That's not all stuff about Virgos be true. See? Is that Virgo men or, or women. That's important. Yeah. Nah, that's important. That's why I, you see what I'm saying? So mine says What George Say, the Virgo men who is in love will serve his partner. Look for him to clean for you, bring you food, walk your dogs, take your car to get service. You Did all of that for Room, bro. No, I ain't, I ain't do that bro. I don dunno. I kind of believe they said that. Walk the dogs. Yeah. This is what Google is saying. This sound like you though. Analytical. Okay. Detail oriented. Practical, I think.


Yeah. What practical. Yeah. Yeah. What's practical? He, I don know practical. Like practical means just like you just kind of simple, sensible. Oh okay. Yeah. Like down to earth. Down to earth. Yeah. Yeah. Like you're not going like, you're not gonna jump out the window and come here with a diamond hat on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. I ain't wildling out. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And what else is say right there? You Said reliable? Say anything about sex and like, good, good Virgo man sex. I'll Google that. You want us to talk over? It does say You. No, I don I'm not saying that. I'm just saying if we didn't know that in there, did say anything Sensual. It says sensual, like you like to touch every part of a woman's body like the tongue kiss early. I like this said As like sex for a Virgo man. It's solely for their pleasure. They already, She's on the wrong site.


But you said I agree the eat as whatever site he's on the no, not the eat as part. That's what it said though. But the, you know, treating a woman Right. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. And, and, and and doing amongst the other things. No, no. I'm A vir. I'm with you brother. Yeah, You a vertical. See what Emini here by like, so Just explain for us emotional what exactly it was, you know, know what Emini here. Well We love, love and you know, and sometimes it takes And do we fall in love a little too early? We fall love fast. Yeah, Fast. That's what I'm trying to tell Chapter in your book about how you didn't make it. See why you wanna go there. Listen, he's got a chapter in his book. He didn't make his wife come for 10 years. This is god damn 10 years brother. Shit. Just why you 10 years Juicy said I, I had three weeks, 10 Years.


God damn It was a wild ju but it wasn't 10 years. You put 10 years Years Ain. But wait, How, How, what, why, when, where? Right. I've been with my wife since 1615. Oh okay. So when I first met her I thought sex was porn. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Ah. So I Wasn't since she was probably one of your first but you lied And I was her first. Oh. So that's what happened. And then you know, one day during the argument she was like that's why I ain't coming bang. And I 10 years later what the headline say because he keep lying. What the headline say? He probably wrote those headlines. DJ Envy's, wife G and Casey faked orgasm for 10 years of their marriage. I didn't know my own body. You Wrote that in your book.


But now you tried to tell people it wasn't, She never cheated though. She never, she always stayed down. Yeah. Yeah. She yeah for we know And I didn't make her orgasm. Not through don't For what we know. No I'm just saying from what we know, I don know. 'cause sometimes when they don't become sex Mal work you Know is always mal work was Good. There's always a Sloan out there that you about. Well I'm just saying I Emini here 10 years. That's A long time. You know the thing about GSKi women might looking Atki eighties. I don dude, I don I'm Fine. That was a long time ago. He be finding them regular niggas and regular niggas be the nigga at Popeyes. I'm telling you, they dropping that chicken in the fry. That's all I'm saying.


Seen Three pop can't fool her. Okay. Alright, continue on. Go Ahead. But you know with with Druke women might not take you serious. Oh okay. Just because of who you are. You know what I'm saying? Like you how she laugh every time you say something. But also you gotta understand what comedians, that's what get us the situation that firsthand. So I do agree with what you saying. 'cause some of the girls be like, oh my God you play too much, da da da. I can't take you serious. But that's after the fact. 'cause they like, they, they at the beginning I think a lot of women love to laugh. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And you can drown at they thoughts. You could be the ugliest nigga and get the most girls by being funny. Absolutely not saying that's my situation. I ain't saying that drama Ain't no, you used to be ugly. I ain't never been ugly. You've always been ugly. I'm always been fine in my head.


Just like how shorty said she was skinny in her head. Big Dan. I always been fine in my head and that goes a long way. Druke, you don't me repent the face. Yna Druke. I don say you laughing a little too hard. Nah, Nah, nah. I'm just saying like I don, I'm trying to, I'm confused on what y'all got. Yeah y'all, I get it. You Ever got naked and a girl just started laughing? Yeah, well no I didn't. You Said yes though. No, no, no. What I told on myself right there happen. Sorry. Nah, no, nah, nah. Ain't no girl. But I think, I think yo, why y'all asking stuff like that man. No, could have been. That's never happened. Yeah, you're right. Fuck It. You also, I don talk about this type of stuff a lot and everything is a joke with do online. Yes. Yes. So I really feel like now I want You to find out at some point I try to get serious.


Yeah. That's that's what it is. You try to be serious in relationship settings with, you know, some of these females. But some girls, they also just play too much too. When you, when you, when you are a comedian and you play too much sometimes you don't need a girl that play too much. You know what, Emini here. Why would you say relationship settings like That? Well, you know, you get it. I'm just throwing words out there. That makes sense. Why do you ask? What we girls ever laughed? We took his clothes off. Where did that go? Because everything you do, no, he's still thinking about you naked. Okay. That's what it is. Yeah, that's in my now he's a freak. I think it's Comedian that weird. Go ahead. My bad, my bad. They carrying Away. I'm not trying to laugh at this, but it's too late segue. I think it's because anything that you do like revolve, like involving you and like your look, people would just be making jokes.


You posted a photo about you getting ready for the NBA All-Star game, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And they called, they called You Shaquille O'Neal. They called you what? They called you that Shaquille O'Neal. That's fucked up. Shaquille was in the Fla. You, but see that that's what it is. Sometimes. That's why I say you can't, some goofy girls, they be like, oh my God, I'm made for you. Like you have no idea how funny I am. And I'm like, bitch, I have no, you have no idea. I would never date you. Dang. You know what I'm saying? Just because it's like sometimes you don't want a girl that play too much. Some of those girls that play too much just go too far too. Like I, I, I have had a situation where a girl, you know what I'm saying? Kind of like where you you said in that setting? In the, in the bedroom. And she was like, damn, you got a got between your legs a got And she wasn't talking about, I thought, I was like, what that mean?


She said my thighs was making it look like a got Yo like they touch? Yeah. Oh. Like they spelled the word got or no, all Us or you was talking about this short? No, And I saw a picture I Wanted to ask you. What kind was a Got a ga a Gap? Ga Ga. A ga. Was that like a, like gun ga Like a God. Oh. Like god, Like a fat old ass. Oh God dang. She said my thighs Thigh Thigh man. We not here to talk about that. I'm just telling you what she said. God. So that's why I say to say sometimes it ain't good to date a girl as goofy nigga you can't Handle do too much.


And I went from up my God to downtown real fast. That Might not have been goofy. That's just an observation. No, it's just hey. It's like definitely Shut up when he had sex. What did you definitely He was like, shut up. Yeah. It's like, come on now. Don't say that right now. 'cause listen, don't date a girl that's goofy than you. It, it never works out. A girl that's goofy always dates a dude that's like quiet, kind of chill. Can't if you ever noticed it. It's not that you can't handle it sometimes it too into the too much man. It's too much. She told you your thighs rub together. Now you Said when she said the ga it was cool if she would've said Thighs Rub together, but she said, your shit make a gap. I'm like, oh, you Wear your clothes when you have you getting Ready for the, oh, what You, you wear your clothes when you have sex? Me or her?


First of all, t You, you, you wear t-shirts in the pool. You wear t-shirt Wear tshirts? Nah, I'm a t-shirt in the pool type nigga. No you not. I'm I'm gonna say yeah. Yeah. How tall Are you and Turks living your life? You had? Nah, A little bit. A little bit. I I, yeah. I'll throw it up a little bit. But you know it, I'm, I'm one of them. I, I'll put on like a little What, what's some like, like a little soccer shirt. Why would You put that? Yeah, the water shirts. You heard 'em? Yeah, The water shirt. So I noticed that in the Coulda been video though. It should look like saucy a little bit. Huh? What? When you was doing this shit? Oh Hey, Ain't nothing look likes you talking about San. Yeah. You a come on Drew Drink the one time. One time.


Yeah. Not Scy man. Saucy. Come on man. Now that's a, now that's a freaky ass nigga right there. Sausage San. No, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying off the, you know, being on the end question You, what You talking about Man, nothing. Y'all Be trying to set shit up. I see what y'all do Man. No, you, Kai and Kev. We know we wanna see the movie. Is there actual talks happening? Yes. Yes. We actually, he just called us last night Spazzing on us. He is Kevin Hart. Yeah, he is. And Kevin Hart. Why? Just letting us know. He was like, guys get serious about this shit. 'cause he, he gave us a list of movies to watch, to study and he wanted us to, I, I guess I watched some of the movies, but Kai didn't.


So he was like, listen man, it's not like you got shit to do. Y'all ain't doing shit. He said, what movies you got set up for this year? Dang. And we both just, I said, come on Kev, don't do that to us, man. Don't, but he's, he honestly was just, he's, it's like hard parenting. You know what Emini here, he's like letting us know like, yo, lock in because this is like, I'm trying to get y'all to that next level of thinking. Like, all right, if I'm telling you to study this or do this or study this script or look at this movie, that definitely is something you should do because this is gonna benefit your future. So, you know, he just was taking it hard on us. But yeah, nah, I think we, we have a bunch of meetings set up right now to where we'll be shooting very soon. I, I don't know exactly the month, but it will be this year. Especi Year. Have you seen the script?


Have you seen The I've seen part of the script at the beginning of it. It's at the beginning stages to where they're like in a writing room right now. So writing room means like multiple different writers are like punching up jokes on it. And then also all of us have like a say so on what's being written. So I do like that Kev does that for y'all because there is another level. I know that you and Kai making a whole lot of money, but there is another level to all. Yeah, he is like, yo, you guys are, you guys are lit, but you know, if you wanna be the man forever or you know the superstar, you, this is the type of stuff you gotta do. So he's just given that, that firm parenting of like take this serious. Like I understand y'all, y'all saying, oh I'm busy, I'm doing, but seriously guys, what movies you got set up right now?


A project shit at at a Project X style movie. Mm. Was that one of the movies he asked y'all to watch Project X? What made you Say that? I gonna ask you. What was that list? No, it's, hey man, I, I don't wanna say because then that'll give off our idea of whatever we're shooting. Who told you Project X Style? It just fit On Vibe. It's Common Sense. A Project X style movie with you. Druke CV Kai can be on. You said you drew Kai? That is Drew sir. Yes, you're right. Drew Kai on his with Drew with you Kevin Kai. Yeah. And literally Kai can be on Scream the whole movie and as and as he screams the scream gets bigger but the party keeps getting bigger and get house. You probably with Help Us.


I will say that this movie will be amazing, whatever we do. I don't know the specifics all the way through yet. We're still in the writer room, so Yeah. Nah, Kev is honestly being like the father figure And I like that setting all this up. So yeah, that's dope. And he and he really is like locked in with all amongst all the other stuff he's got going on as well. Like he's really, he's locked in right now. It's right. Listen, it's right there. I looked at Kiki Palmer and Scissors. Their movie is at $40 million. The one that needs to rap. Purdue. I feel like y'all can do that or even more. Yeah, Even I agree. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. And it's not going to cost a lot to shoot a movie with y'all. Like y'all like that. Yeah. That's the next level.


I agree. Well this weekend you gonna be at the NBA Celebrity All-Star game. Can you play, can you play Ball? I've been training. I heard you been training. I've been training, I've been training with a, a trainer from OTE over time and yeah, he's trained like Bradley Beal amongst other NBA players and stuff. So Court Frazier. Huh? Are you really trying to go out there and win MVP as well? Yeah, I'm, I, I I I'm trying to win MVP 'cause I of course I'm gonna be entertaining and wild and out and stuff, but I, I got you gotta put up some points to get that MVP is GI in The game? No, I don't think Gil. Oh they fucked up then if Gilly was in the game, he winning MVP and Yeah, NBA just gotta do better on the rosters man. They gotta, you know, I think they just should bring a little bit more of like our world into it.


NFL did a good job this past weekend with the flag football. Yeah. Yeah. They, they had like me Lotto, sexy Red, Kai Speed. They just had, they had like people that that like un people understand like that these are celebrities with NBA. They got, I don there's, there's a lot of people on my team. I don't know who it is. Like Who? Donny Walberg. You had no idea who that was. He, he called him Jimmy. He told me he was in in a band. Man. One of those younger bands. Donny new kids on the block. New kids on the block. That's Mark Wahlberg's brother. Oh for Real. You know who Mark Wahlberg is? Yeah. Yeah. That's Mark Wahlberg's brother. That's his Brother. His blood brother? Yes. Man they got, I didn't know that. No I didn't know that. Yeah, I didn't know that but I do know that you know who Big?


I knew it was a big deal when he came on the set. People actually were like, oh shit. Like people were tweaking out over this guy. Yeah. And I was like, oh okay. What position are you playing? I think I'm probably gonna run Point. Definitely not Shade. You be a point guard. I Probably run Point, I probably run at shooting guard something And I see I saw your video, one of the guard positions You got, you got Little Foreign but you ain't like that to be a point guard. Yeah. Hey nah you got, you gotta watch my shit now. Watch that. See first of all, turn You only post one little video and it swipe through. Somebody come and says hear you gotta hear it. I never seen a steel. You Probably didn't hear it. You probably didn't cut the volume on hear What this hearing it have. Listen You look, you hear the people screaming. You need to Be playing center man. You Hear the people screaming Round Bound. That's a out track. That's audio track.


Yeah man you need to be playing center. Hey Man listen And Carl Williams, YY will See after I win MVP that I am at the guard position. You're not playing guard. You're definitely not playing guard. You're not playing guard. Somebody online said I'm playing the wrong guard position. They said that it is for football. You should Do security guard pulling guard. I agree. Somebody said a pulling guard. I agree. And what You doing for Valentine's? For Valentine's weekend? Oh man, I think the game is on Valentine's so it kind of messes up any Valentine's Day plans I got with a bunch of girls. I had that. You Told all your hos? I had a bunch of 'em lined up. I'm bullshiting you, You gotta work. I had a bunch of 'em lined up. I just playing the game. You're of Candy. Nowhere. I'm busy. I'm busy. Like I said, like why Can't she go with you to Allstar weekend?


Hey, I'm locked in. I'm trying to get MVP. True. True, true. All the ones I had lined up. I can't do it. Can't Yeah, I can't do the whole Rose pedal at the hotel thing. I can't run it can't. Well Coulda Been Love is out now. Yes. Where can they See it? They can see it on my YouTube at Dru Ski. So yeah. Coulda Been Love. Let's do it man. Alright, let's Continue. Y'all are coming to the premier, right? I'm kind, yeah. Alright. Just making sure this lying. That's why coming. God damn. Oh my at the police bill was kinda hard. You would've came. No I wouldn't. No. And that's my business partner and friend. No charm ain't don't go nowhere. He not Outside. You ain't gonna just throw business partner out there. You you in business with him. Yeah, And Ke got a company called SBH Productions. We do audio scripted content but we just sold one of our audio scripted as a film.


Ain't trying make money. Liket seen Short Man production. Both of both of 'em under five, four. Oh for real Short, black and handsome. But yes, we sold a couple. One project we sold as a film, another project we sold as a TV show. Alright, salute y'all man. Hey listen, go watch. Coulda Been Love. Hey, what the fuck are you talking about? It's Drusky Ladies. Why can't we be handsome? Drusky. It's Drusky. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent.


Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.