
Wake That ass up in The morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess Aria Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Laura Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. We have Michael Harry, O Harris, co-founder of Death Row Records. Good morning, brother. Good morning Black man. How you feeling? I'm good. I'm good. I'm you feeling good In New York? Yeah. We got, we gotta start the story from the beginning. Yes, sir. Death Row records. You started As the co-founder for Death Row, right? Yeah. We wanna break that down please. Yeah, break that down. So who are all the co-founders? I'm, I mean, my mind is you Suge And. don Don't know who up. Dr. Dre. Dr. Dre. Okay.


Yeah. Yeah. So, so we originally, we, we created a company called Godfather Entertainment, which was the parent company of Death Row Records and should was, I believe, the President of Godfather and Dr. Dre was the president of Death Row Records. And so we set it up like that because Godfather was going to do other entertainment assets like films and concerts, but Death Row took off and then Everything was Death Row Became focus. Yeah. How did you get into the entertainment world? We always hear the story that You know Suge was playing football and, and, and from the neighborhood seeing what was going on with, with music and decided he wanted to get into it.


So how did y'all get into music? What made y'all say, I want to get into the music. So how did I get into entertainment business? Yes, sir. Or how did we start doing both? Okay. Actually, before I went away, You know, I, I did 33 years before I went away, I used to be involved in club promotion. I used to do plays, national plays, And, I, I gotta do a Broadway play before I went away, one of those plays actually included Denzel Washington on Broadway. So it, when that aired on Broadway, I kinda took an exit. And so, but I was in the music business, I had limousine services. I was, I was in the entertainment circle.


So I met a lot of people from that, from my, my first business. I was 21 years old when I started. And it was a limousine service that, that, that allowed me to make, meet with different people in the sports fields, the entertainment world, political world. So I got to meet a lot of people at an early age. I wanna go back to something you said. So you said Suge was Godfather? No. Yes, Dre was Death Row, lemme back up. Okay. Suge was the CEO of Godfather. Okay. Which is my company. Okay. And Suge was also the CEO of Death. Row. Got you, got you, got you. And Dr. Dre was the president. Got you. Right. And where'd you come in at? I just was the solid, I was behind.


Yeah. They say you was the money man. Well, it, it wasn't just the money, man. I helped structure it, but I You know in, in my situation, I wanted to play the back. I kind of wanted to just have a, a phantom present because I just got a life sentence. And I had got a 20 year sentence from the feds. And I didn't want that to become the focus I wanted, I wanted to be about the business that we had created. Did they, did they take care of you when you was away? Well, I mean, You know how the business is. I mean, everything was good. I mean, You know everything was organized, but as things got bigger it got crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Did you come home to any money, is what I'm asking? I guess, yeah. You wanna know how much I got? Yeah, he does. Yes, he does. At one point he made $300 million in a year.


Yeah. I came home to what I was supposed to come home to. Okay. Yeah, Definitely. And how did you meet Suge and how did you meet Dr. Dre? Well, at the time that I met Suge, he was managing Dr. Dre and DOC and they had just came out of a situation with NWA and a friend of mines, Ryan Brown, used to play football for the Rams, also was connected to Suge through the football world. And Ryan And I grew up together, him and his cousin Eric. And so they introduced me to Suge because he was trying to make some things happen and he needs some backing.


And they introduced me to him. I had my attorney, David Kenner bring him in and we sit down and talked about how we could make this a business. At the time, he was just managing and he was working outta Solar Studios with Dick Griffey and Dick Griffey was kind of mentoring him, but I don't think at the time, rest in peace, Dick Griffey, he didn't really understand what what the emerges of hip hop meant. And so he kind of fell, fell asleep at the wheel. He was more focused. He come from the r and b world. He was our version of, of the West Coast Motown. And so You know Shalamar, Atlantic Star Whispers, You know Babyface, everybody came through him.


So he was advising should on how to manage and do things like that. But he wasn't really pushing for him financially to set up the company. And that's where I came in at What's, and you had life, but you did 33 and didn't Trump commute your sentence? Yeah, he, he, he commuted the federal sentence, the Federal sentence, the State sentence. I did 23. Oh. And actually was found actually innocent of that case, but I did the time and was released through the board. They didn't have a mechanism in there for actual innocent, but they let me go after 23 years. How did he even know about your situation? How did like, like who put him onto it?


Okay, well first of all, you gotta back it up for, you can see the content, see this in full context. Okay. So When Obama was in office, I put in a, a request. I was transferred to the federal system in 2012. Like, and, and, and so at the end of his term, I put in a request for relief for, for clemency. Didn't hear nothing back and win the second term. I put in another request basically laying out all the work that I had done while I was incarcerated. You know I had helped create a lot of financial literacy courses, You know self-help classes while I was in the state prison. So the second time my mother was dying.


And so I put in a, a compassionate release, didn't hear anything about it. So I had already created a record for requests. And so when Donald Trump, when the president was leaving, I put in a request to him and Alice Johnson was working with him and she got wind of my petition and read it and says, this man had done too much time based on the second circumstances. And she took it to Ivanka, Trump and Jared. And they took it and lobbied it to the president. And after four attempts, people kept trying to push it down. This is what I heard later. He just went through it and says, no, I gotta let him go.


This guy that did too much time here, You know, did the work, don't make sense why he in prison. Alice Johnson is the woman that he also helped to get free to with Kim Kardashian being involved. Right, Right. That was, I think one of the first releases Is that the is is hi is what he did for you. Is that the biggest part or the only reason why you decided to back him? Or are there other reasons why you also decided to back him too? Well, I, him Donald Trump. No, look, look, lemme just keep it real. I appreciated what he did for me 100%. I always gotta belaw to that. But at the same time, I'm really about my community. And so even though he had done that for me, I still did my research in terms of how I was gonna approach community first.


And community first needed to be approached with all options. So when I put out the challenge for the old plan and the community first I put it out to both candidates and then he tapped in. So in my due diligence, you, you have to look at the things that has been done before in terms of, and so you can figure out what's real moving forward. So what he had done that, 'cause like I said, I don't just go by what somebody say, I go by what it is. I know that he had, he had put in for permanent, he, he was a bipartisan bill for HBCU permanent funding. I know he did that for the community.


I think it was authored by Cory Booker, Tim Scott. But he signed it into law also. I know that he did a, a sickle cell anemia initiative where he funded it a bipartisan bill to make sure that we get, get to a cure for a disease that is mainly strike stricken on black people in, in, in some Hispanics. And also, let's see, HBU, The HBCU thing is true, but Biden and Harris, they did give a record $17 billion to historically black colleges and universities. So they did, I mean, I'm not, Trump did, Trump did sign the HBCU bill and the law before they get two $50 million annually.


But Biden has $17 billion. Right. That's, that's a record, right? That was afterwards. Yeah. Yeah. So, so I don't think we have a disagreement here. I think what he did was he made it permanent before people had to still You know, bid for it, You know, go in and, and, and justify reasons to get the funding. And so he made it permanent. And so I believe the 17 billion initiatives you're talking about came not too long ago where they actually enhanced something that had became permanent. So I think I'm not, I am not sure of it. I don't know. I don't know how it all works. I don. Yeah. But it is, but it was bipartisan. So from both sides it did the right thing. Yeah. Everything is always bipartisan, which is the conversation you don't like, you can't do it without Democrats and Republican.


Right. And And I think And I. Think that's And. I think that hopefully that's what this conversation will be about today, about You know, we have to be on both sides of the aisles to get something done. If this team win, then who's over there to represent us? If that team wins, who's over there represent us and whether the policies. And so outside of that, she asked me a question about was that the only reason, I think another reason that that hit home for me was Opportunity Zones. That was also a bipartisan bill that was also signed the law by Donald Trump. That I think generated over $500 billion. But over at, as to date, a hundred billion has been deployed. So it's about 400 billion left. And I, think 400, about 4,300 communities has benefited from those opportunity zones.


And I, don't know if you you've covered that or not, but what it does is it allows wealthy people, private investors, to get tax incentives to invest in overlooked communities. You know we got all these communities where people go in and you got cheaper housing, but you don't have no, no malls, you don't have no shopping centers, you don't have other type of businesses that help support those communities. And so one of the things I wanted to do with the old plan was double down on that opportunity zone so that we could, we can, we can, we can, rich people can stay rich and do what they do, but how can we utilize their monies to help elevate our communities without begging young that like, like this is a deal.


I'm, I'm about business, always been about business. How can we turn this into a business situation instead of just a emotional You know, I go for this person, I go for this person and, and, and, and chase down the facts. And then also one of the last things that I'm partial to is the First Step Act because it's not just about me getting out, it's thousands of people got outta prison that was over incarcerated and, and, and was able to be reunited with their families. And that was important to me. You know to, to not be out here having a cool life back in business and forget about the people who still walk on that track every day. And it may have got a weed case that got them 30 years or some drug cases that might have got 'em 30 or 40 or life sentence.


And, and the First Step Act was also bipartisan bill. So when I keep saying that, it's about who can we rely on to work, walk, walk across the aisle and get something done? And so that's, that's kind of like the reason why. Gotcha. So it sounds like you and who's willing to do things for us, don't forget about that part. Yeah. Because when, look, I'm nobody. I'm just a guy. I'm not a politician, but I'm a guy who's been watching a lot of smoke and mirrors jump off and, and people talk and, and talking down to each other opposed to watching people every day have to deal with how they gonna pay their bills when things done doubled up and tripled up.


And how they going to, how they gonna make a living You know real people. I got family You know everybody ain't Rich You. know what I mean? We all doing what we doing. And so, and, and You know I was blessed to be an opportunity to have connection to something that put me in a certain level. But why not? Why not use that platform to speak to the truth You? know what I mean? So don don't care if it's her, it's him. Whoever's going represent us, we should represent them. And we need to get, get our hands dirty. We need to get involved. We need to. I agree. Yo, so I appreciate this. So You know there's so much going on in your life that people don't know. Why? Did you feel like you had to jump in politics or you had to to spit what you You know the truth of politics. Why that? Because your story is, is amazing and and you're kind of like the, for most, the, the secret sauce in Death Row, right?


What, what people might not know You know. They don't know that you were behind. A lot of people don't know that you were behind Death Row and you were part of that situation. Why jump into politics? Good question. But You know, even when I came home, when I first came home, You know different people. And from my neighborhood is caught on me. And I went to the community and And I spent time with the kids. You know, I I know that. Let me back up for 30 years. People say 33 years sound. You say it quick sound quick. But, but to do it, trust me, me, if you broke it down in seconds, minutes and hours, couldn't even imagine. Be astronomical. And you have a lot of time to think. And so a lot of people don't know that.


Even when I first started Death Row, I was on Death Row for a period, even though I wasn't sentenced to Death Row in San Quent. I spent time there. And when I spent time there, I was able to be around some people that was actually younger than me. I went to prison when I was 26 years old. So you had people on Death Row that was, and they were still killing people. And so I'm, I go to the yard, but I'm separated from them because I'm not a part of Death Row. I'm just on Death Row. And I'm talking to these guys that come from neighborhoods like mines and, and these dudes is like 24 years old and 23 years old. So that's part of my psychic. When it was time to create Death Row that, and a lot of people go back and forth about the name, who came up with the name like Sure name was playing with DEF like, like Death row And I And I said we was gonna call it Death Row Records because I just thought You know as a cautionary tale, it was a great opportunity to tell young people that grew up where I come from, the Death Row waiting for 'em, And I.


Just don't think a lot of people understood that or know that. Like just to sit here and hear people walking down the hall and never come back. And, and to see that as a youngster, you, it has an impact on you. You, you, you cannot, you cannot not remember it. They Glorified now, it's so weird to me. Like they be posting from Instagram, like they just having a ball in prison. Like Yeah. But You know, like, like any show, it's it is reality and it's hype. That's right. Yeah. When they, when they get off that mic, they gotta walk their track. They gotta eat that same meal. They got a You know some of 'em got tears in the pillow. They might not never tell you that they, they buff that eye and they do what they do. But trust me, I ain't met nobody that ever loved being in prison.


That's right. And so, but, but You know, to your point, people come out You know I done X amount of times. They supposed to feel like they supposed to get a certain type of reputation. I think that's a false reputation of the pain that you go through when you're in prison. That's right. So what did you think about what, what you creating Death Row and the reason you created Death Row from what you've seen, and then some of the, the Death Row artists were You know it was violent You. know what I mean? Snoop was, was was on Death Row one time. He was You know, well possibly convicted of, of, of, of Murder. He was, he was Tribe. Tribe. I said Tribe. Yeah. I said Tribe for Murder. Tribe for Murder. But a lot of the Death Row artists were so violent that could have put him in places where Death Row was. So did you ever think like, that's not this why this was created? Or did you think this is just music, this is Just Well, it goes back, it, it goes back to what Shama just said.


Like you see a projection of some people wearing things from prison. I just think that Death Row got outta hand. Like a, a part of the narrative in the beginning was telling street stories, right. Good, bad or indifference. That's what it was about. But when you go out into the public and things start to happen, you get into Commotion and then you started getting hyped behind it, getting news articles behind it. Like the thing that happened in New Orleans that changed should's mind, kinda like, it made him start feeling like we need more of that. Mm. You understand? But to sell records. And so And I think he got caught up in that You know what I'm saying? I'm not just saying him, I'm just saying the whole culture. Because You know from an economic standpoint, the first of all, the East Coast created hip hop.


Let's put that out there. Right? But from an economic standpoint, the machine let the West Coast win. And what I mean by that, we win. We won and we lost. So what I mean by that is that because of the nature of the subject matter that we was talking about, we was able to do, to do big business. So Eazy-E was independent, but we was able to, to move into the majors because of our first album. The Chronic, however the subject matter changed from what original hip hop was about. You know, having parties kicking it, talking about our king and queen is, and that that wasn't getting supported by the machine.


But when we start killing each other, talking about the You know. So even though we was telling cautionary tales, right, people got confused about what's real and what's not. Mm. And I just watched it become pervasive. You know, even in prison, You know guys seeing they hood hollered out, You know. It was a sense of pride. I mean, it, it kind of got, it kind of got a little off track from what it was originally supposed to be. And once you start making first album your first year, I mean we made $50 million. You know, actually Interscope was about to close its doors with its investment with Death Row saved its company. So a lot of people don't talk about it in reverse. They always talk about Interscope made Death Row. They don't talk about what Death Row did to Interscope and what it did to Universal.


And the fact that Warner Brothers almost went out of business because they got outta the hip hop business. They got outta the Death Row business. I mean, it's a whole lot to be talked about. No, You Right. Because if, even if you think about Interscope, they might've got out the business of Death Row, but they damn sure stayed in business with Dr. Dre Death Row and made sure Dre came over there and crush. Shit. Something Aftermath. Aftermath. Absolutely. Aftermath. That's right. Death. Row. That's right. Yes, that's right. So You know it's all connected. It it, but what is it? But where is it? Where did it come from? It came from that, that thing in me and others. I didn't do Death Row by myself to, to to want to make an impression, like, like to not allow my incarceration to be the end of me.


And so I invested You know some of my, some of my money. Well I could invest it in something else. So I invested in that organization to become a reality. If you were home, you think it would've been ran the same way? Or you think since you were inside and you seen so much, you would've tried to calm it down as much as possible. Yeah. I, I just look man, You know you don't, you don't go through what I went through. You don't see people get stabbed and killed every day. And, and and that's something you look forward to You know what I mean? I mean I'm not just saying it, I'm just telling you, I don't know. Some days when I first came to prison, it wasn't about all those programs I'm telling you I helped create later. It was about am I gonna be alive tomorrow? You mean 'cause You know it is so much hate up in these penitentiary is when you up in them type of penitentiary, you can cut it with a knife.


That's how much hate you feel. And to be able to communicate and deal and then try to create a company with all that going on, it wasn't no easy walk. But You know, I'm, I'm a man of God, bro. And then that's what kept me alive and pushing and trying to stay relevant in a situation where they had me in a control environment. So You know. Yeah, I I think it would've been different, but I don't live in the ifs. Right. You know what I mean? Because like I said, that was my intention and You know how intentions go, but it became what it became and now it's, it's on a new trajectory. You know, it's, it's, it's under new management if you will You know what I mean? So, and there's an opportunity for a different Death Row history.


Are you part of the Death Row that Snoop has now? Are you part of Yeah, we partners. Oh, okay, Okay, okay. All Yeah. Yeah. He the CEO and I'm the COO Oh, that's dope. Yeah. Was dope. And we also just created Death Row pitchers. So we finna try to do for Death Row pitchers what we did with Death Row records in terms of imagery and trying to like deflect some of the stuff that we was known for. The Tyrese movie was part of that, right? Yeah, it was, It was, it was, Was it called 1 92 or 9 19 92? 1992. Yeah. Yeah. You still speak to Suge? I ain't spoken to him in a while. Yeah, we kind of went out separate ways, But, but, but 1992 and then y'all got think y got the Snoop Biopic is coming.


Yeah, we got Snoop Biopic. I'm doing my biopic. We've been talking with Denzel about producing it and Anto Fuqua about directing it. And like I say, again, here's another opportunity to tell a story, but keeping it real You know what I'm saying? More like a series probably because it it's so much that The cover. Yeah. What's our co what's our community first you got, that's an initiative you got right? I see it on your hat. Yeah. Community first. I see it right there. Community first. Yeah. Yeah. I should have brought some what I don know if you guys for the war, you got all you got, you got too much going on in here, y'all. I need to get one of them hats.


Yeah. But Community First is an initiative that we created to speak to, to really to elevate the voices of, of the black community during this voting voting cycle. But even beyond that, it's like You know about assets. Like how can we have access to capital? How can, how can we, how can we have meaningful jobs and second chance hiring when people come home. So we got the access agenda and we got the redemption agenda. So the access is about what we can do in the community in terms of, like I said, even I was talking earlier about opportunity zones and talking about better schools like Second You know, like in terms of school choice, what can we do to make sure that our schools and our community is top-notch And, and, and not controlled by unions where people just You know if, if if, if people are not effective, they still keep their jobs, our children deserve more than that.


And so I'm, I'm, I'm very, I know what I know what school did to me You know in terms of me almost dropping out in terms of not hearing the information I need to hear that speaks to my spirit. And And I think a lot of people call us dropouts from the community, but don't understand that there's a reason why things happen. If somebody's telling you information that's inconsistent with the truth that You know and you're supposed to digest it. I'm not saying people should drop out. That's not what I'm saying. I said, but that's the reason a lot of people drop out 'cause they can't identify with the information that's been served to 'em. So we need better schools rather You know. People need to have opportunity to go to better schools in their community and outside the community.


And we also need to have You know Pell grants that deal with vocation and training. Some people don't want to go to college. And so, and, and we know with these training, with these new training systems programs in terms of technology, people can go there a couple years, six months and and make half a million dollars a year. You know. So these are the things that we're concerned with and, and people that's in prison who is a captive audience need to have the skill set when they come home. They need to be trained. They need to be given programs. I mean, if you do a crime, you're doing your time. Why shouldn't that be taken advantage of? And giving people the opportunity to come home with skillset. Like when I was in San Quentin, we created a company called LA Organization called Lies Last Mile that train people how to code so that when they came home they had meaningful employment and they out there doing big things.


You know, created all kind of organizations from that. So that's a motto of what we could do. But I also believe it. Why should we wait till people go to prison that's help 'em before and help 'em when they get out. I Agree with that. They keep might keep 'em outta prison, but they have worth, they fill the worth. They have it, but they gotta fill it. Yes. Yeah. And what's the old plan challenge? Well, the old plan challenge was basically laying out what this agenda is that I, I was looking for somebody to commit to what we trying to do. And, and so I think a lot of people thought, okay, well Trump pardoned him so he's going to back Trump. Ride for Trump. Yeah.


Look, if it was just about that, I could have just did that day one. But when you involve the community, you have to make sure that the community have options. So that's why I made the challenge to Kamala as well as to Donald Trump. And still, I haven't heard nothing from her camp, but I heard something from his camp. And like, I'm here. I'm not here to disrespect the black woman or elevate a white man because I'm not a politician. My job is to give my community information so they can make the best choices. 'cause that's what I think destroys a lot of our lives is not having the wisdom of the o of the information to make those decisions You know.


And when I say, and you ask me why would I get in this when I sit in there for all those years, And I could watch You know. People think that when you're in prison you're dead, but you're just like a grave that's covered up. But you could with a glass ceiling, you can see The World and you're saying, why is this not happening? If I was out, what would I do? And I know a lot of people. That's pretty wealthy. That makes a lot of You know they can make a lot of things happen and don't because they get put in boxes. And I don't judge that You know. I think it's too easy to judge You know, but it's hard to think You know. So I'm just saying instead of judging other people why they don't do, what can I do? So I use my platform, the opportunities I have to speak to my community. So we did some concerts in Pittsburgh, we did some cons, we did some concerts in Philadelphia, Atlanta, and we did some concerts in Detroit.


And, and we spent time on the ground and talked to people. And I went to this, this one Paul Paul Kids is a, an organization what this lady has in Atlanta and Kathy and she and she, she's the mother for children who, mothers are on drugs and fathers are in prison on drugs. And they come there to eat every day. And, and and seeing these kids reminded me of me. Mm. And what can happen if people don't pay attention? So that's what I'm about. Yeah, that's what I'm about.


That's what I focus on not seeing people through a day like I did. And it going to take people supporting their community to make that happen. That's what I'm on. And You know what's so, so amazing. It's like you based off your information and your experiences, you support who you support based off my information, my experiences, I support who I support. But that's not gonna ever stop me from helping another black man help his community. I love that. That's what, that's what we're, I'm ultimately on at the end of the day. I love That bro. Because that's what I'm saying. I I, we got enough division right up. You understand? Just like even on a small level, we was at, we was in Detroit, a Pontiac actually, but You know outside of Detroit.


And and it came to my attention, that trick trick. And Rick Ross had had this issue, ongoing issue and they both was on the bill. Hey, this is, oh, I Forgot, I forgot you made, you made them have peace. You know, man, look, they they had it in them, bro. And, and, and it was easy You know because we brothers why not set an example And they did. It was big and people felt it You know what I mean? So that's what Community First is about, immersing communities, not not dividing them. Who'd You call first? Who'd you call it Trick? Trick? Chewy's Island? No, no. I was in like, that's a good point. It it was trick, trick City.


Okay. Trick. And so one of the things I wanted to do is be respectful when we come up into different communities. And I. I just know how that is and how important that is. So it was trick trick city. So we, we brought him on and then I talked to Rick about coming onto the show and he was cool. And then we had a talk You, know what I'm saying? He said, You know, You know how You know how you talk. That's easy. Big dog. It, it was just that easy. He said, that's easy 'cause And then for them to meet halfway coming up to the stairs and embrace before they came out to the stage was powerful. And so You know, we, we had, we had some firsts like it was was state property was in our first concert and they, that was the first time in 20 years they had all collectively Been on stage together, Been on stage together, You know.


And then we had in Atlanta, we had TI and two chains and all those guys. And I think this is one of ti i's last concerts. And just to see all the homegrown talent on the stage together was powerful. So we want to keep doing stuff like that. We want to keep having, we wanna do town halls, we wanna talk to Republicans and Democrats together. We wanna talk about real issues and we wanna talk to anybody that supports us Now, Harry, O, can you put Kendrick and Drake on stage together and let them hug it out? I got another question for you. That's The next Mission. Huh? That's the next mission. Oh, you on that One? Yeah, I'm on it man. Anytime we can like, anytime we can kill it. We Don't need that one.


We perfectly fine that one. Go. You All right with that? Don't listen to him. I, I would watch Don't like light. I mean I don know about love. But I would, I would like to see it. Like if that could happen, I wouldn I don't think do do they really? Why not? Why I don? Because it's just something to watch. I disagree with what he just said. You don't like light. I've been watching. You don't like light bars. I've been watching y'all from behind the bars, behind the walls, behind the ball. What they say about them inside? They think they, they, people ask me, are they really gay? I think they think they gangsters. Mm Yeah, that's what they him. Yeah. They, they say can't you see that gun? A town like that? No, No, no, no, no, no. But trust me, be honest with you, you guys are light for people that's in incarcerated.


I think, I think people don't realize what kind of effect people incarcerated have on the family members that really stay connected to them. Because really people really want their brothers, sisters, mamas and daddies and nephews to come home. That's absolutely right. And so when you, when when you have a show like you guys have and we able to watch that in there, You know, fed State, whatever they gonna want you. And and they listen. They hang on in you guys every word. And so this's his honor to be on your show and to be able to talk a little bit about community first and about the old plan. And I really appreciate y'all man. You, you don't know how much y'all affect people on a daily basis. On daily basis. That's because what else do you have in there besides reading?


Of course I did a lot of that. But to be able, when they, when they listen to you, you bring them back into The World. Mm. Because you gotta understand you are isolated outside of walking that track. You ain't going nowhere. And, and, and when You know that in your mind and you, you have to find something else. You have to find, you You know And I found God. So God helped me walk through that and then be about purpose You. know what I'm saying? I, I stayed present You know at, at every step of the way. So when I came home, I was ready to go. I didn't had to get ready. I think people, I think when people don't do that, they have to come home and get ready and then there it goes backwards instead of, of forwards.


You gotta get ready when you had an opportunity to get ready and we had, this is And I just wanna go back to this, this voting thing. I just watched our vote become so powerful in the last few months. And I. Just think people shouldn't know that. That you can't keep voting for people that don't represent your best interest. And I'm not saying everybody going to do, you don't agree with everything everybody gonna do because you're not gonna do that. But we have to, we have to push for something. If we want something, if we continue to sit back and vote like it, it is like we going to church and God going to do something special for you. You gotta do something special for yourself.


It's the same thing when you get, when you're going down and, and, and putting people in a position to represent you, you gotta request something of them. So at least you have a measuring stick that says, okay, I requested this from you. You said you was going to do it three years, four years go by, nothing happened. I don't wanna see you no more. We need to be about the business. Just like you watch everything you put digest into your body, you need to watch who you got representing you. That's right. Because it could be the death of you. And, and that's what I'm on You know. Like I just, I just hope my voice is heard in the way and the way that I'm sending it out. I hope it's received that way genuinely.


I don't have no reason to come out here and put on a show. My thing is about if you heard something that changes your mind or open you up to something, then I'm down my job. I can't direct you into no direction. You just gotta see that this is about us making a deal to change the trajectory of our communities. That's what it is. And if you don't, if nobody don't want to engage you, how you gonna make a deal? The fact that whatever you feel about Donald Trump was able to, with all this stuff going on, tap back in and says, Hey man, if I get back in the office, I'm committed to working community first to make sure that we help you do what you're trying to do with the old plan.


I left it out there, came back. It's still out there. So to answer your question, I think it's all about relationships too though. 'cause I can, I can, I can say that about Vice President Kamala Harris. Talk to me about that You know what I'm saying? I I can say that like I You know, one of my big initiatives is mental health advocacy. You know, and I've seen her put $285 million into mental health programs that help increase the number of mental health professionals in our communities. I can talk about the American Rescue Plan, You know where she's put tens of millions of dollars into small, small, small black businesses. You know all through North Carolina, all through Louisiana. So I mean, I I just think it's all about what you're tapped into and, and what your relationship is with that individual.


Like you probably know more than most. I didn't know any, any of that, what you said about You know Trump with the community first thing. But that's because that's been your relationship. That's been your experience. Just like my relationship, my experience has been with the vp. So that's who I support. Yeah. Outside of me, we meeting with President Trump win, I thanked him for You know, allowing me to reach back out into my family. First of all, I always give it to God first and let me out. But the fact that Trump did it, I thanked him for it, but I haven't really, I don't, I haven't really developed a relationship with him. But at the same time you have so you You know more about her. I mean I'm from California so I know certain things about her as well.


But You know not not in the way that you do. Okay. Let's put it like that. And, and so when you're in California state prison, so I got a different lens. Different view. Yeah. A different view from how things happen or could have happened. But like I said, I'm not here to do that. I'm just here to talk about policies that help elevate the community. And I appreciate. Yeah. That's all, all I mentioned was policy just now, And, I, And I appreciate the dialogue and, and the way that we've been civil. Absolutely. As we, as we supposed to You know, I think it's the most ridiculous thing in The World for people to be at odds with each other and like people be talking crazy to each other over politicians, right?


Yeah. At the end of the day, regardless of who wins, guess what? We still black and our communities gonna still be what they are. Right? And we gonna have to do what we gotta do to, to better our ourselves, our community, Better Our community. And that's about, that's And I. I think we don't have no arguments here. And that, and that's beautiful. I wish The World saw it like that. I see people can You know sitting next to these own planes and mention party and the next thing You know they gotta separate 'em. You know. It's like, is the plane going down You know what I mean? Like, I mean, I'm serious. I done seen that and it's like it shouldn't be like that. Like one thing God gave us is, is free will choice and we should be able to make that choice. Absolutely. And and the best way to do that, I believe is with information.


And so even though like he just broke down the information that he has, And I break down the information that I have. Well, once you have that information, you can make a determination and no one should tell you shame you because you made a determination separate from the way the other person feels. I think that's disrespectful to, to human beings. But I think it's more disrespectful to what God gave us. Don't take my choice away from me. Don't tell me if I don't vote for him or her or, or this race or that race that somehow I'm not who I am. And you haven't even walked in my steps to even be able to speak to me like that. That's right. So I'm just, I'm just appreciative of the conversation.


Absolutely. And, and the opportunity. 'cause people respect your platform. Thank you for joining us. See I would dislike you more see if you were a Cowboys fan than anything else like him. Like I just like he a cowboy. I just the reason why. But how can people follow what you do in your C Lord. Before We wrap up, something you said earlier, I've been trying to ask this so we kind of moved away from it so I'm going back to it. Yes. Envy. When he asked you about Suge, you said y'all went y'all separate ways. Is there any way that we'll ever see that reconciliation? 'cause it seems like there's definitely a lot of space and stuff in between. Now with the Death Row records conversation. Will you guys ever get back to a good space? Is that over and done for you? We, We got two minutes. I i I just say this, look, the Suge Knight that The World knew is a different sure.


Night that I originally knew right? And I. Just think, I just think that money and power does a lot of different things. And even when we went through like You know, I had su had to sue him about my bread and that's how he end up losing Death Row. I tried to talk to him then I'm saying, look man, here's the opportunity for me and you to resolve what's supposed to be right You know because our children gonna see this one day and says why you guys didn't work this out. I said, that's what we should be on. But I can't keep trying to find the good in somebody that don't wanna find us good in themselves. And so him being behind these walls, I don't wish prison on my worst enemy.


I know he's feeling and understanding things that he may could not have understood when he was out here on the streets. So I pray that he get the wisdom that I got when I was behind. When I was behind the walls. And I worked on myself. And I. Don't blame other people for anything I ever went through You. know what I'm saying? So I can't be out here talking about, I'm about peace and about community first. And I be open. But people gotta stop living in the past and try to figure out how to move forward together. You know, I know even do had opened up a a a a Olive brands and and things just, it didn't work out You know what I mean? So, but we all stayed hopeful and open. 'cause we all created something in the beginning that was You know entrepreneurs.


It was powerful. It was a voice for so many and it created a lot of other companies. The other people was able to benefit from what we created back in 9 1 9 2. I I I got one other Death Row question. Do you remember the first time you you heard Snoop? Did You know he was a star right away? And do you remember the first time hearing Tupac? Did You know he was a star right away? Did You know that was gonna take it to the next level? What were your thoughts when you first time you heard him? I watched, I watched Tupac grow before he became involved in Death Row. But Snoop Dogg, my ex-wife, Lydia Harris, she was, she was a part of the company even though I was around behind the walls, I used to communicate through the farm every day. And she told me that because he had a little natural there.


And she told me, she says he the one You know and they, and then Kahu didn't think he was, he didn't think he was a star You know. 'cause You know DOC was supposed to be Snoop Dogg. Correct. I'm so He lost his voice. He lost his voice. But he still gave what he had. Like he taught Snoop Dogg things that changed Snoop Dogg as an artist. You wrote a lot too. That's what I'm talking about for not just Snoop Dogg, but for Dr. Dre, for nwa A You know he was the voice, to be honest with outta Dallas You. know what I mean? Look at that dichotomy. But what I'm saying to you is that when I heard that voice and even when we was inside the walls because I got the, the music sent in, I, at first people was kind of like, didn't know what it was.


But when he him and on that murders, not murders, deep cover, deep cover, 180 7 on Undercover Cop, the first time you heard that melodic voice, it changed West Coast music. It's beautiful. Did DOC get what he was supposed to get for for, for being the voice of Death Row did Not just Death Row NWA but my brother, he got a, he got a documentary coming out. And I think he's gonna get his flowers. Mm. Because You know And I don't want to dip the tea, but make sure I'm gonna make sure he come on y'all show before he come out with it. 'cause he finna do something real revolutionary. And that You know that's gonna shock people.


But You know the question of no don don't think Doc has got what he's supposed to get because Doc was the heart of Death Row and NWA And I just think that and he's out there trying to do stuff in the community. Me and him is in real close contact. I love Doc 'cause he was there during the first days. It was him Should and Dre that was supposed to start a business first. And somehow that got pushed out. Then I came in and then I had my push and pull too. You know it's been a You know it's a family, but it's been a kinda crazy family. But You know I'm back. And you telling That's the first time you heard Pop Liked it.


Even when I first heard him thought he was clever, smart. But when he came with the Death Row version, I just think him being away, him being frustrated, he came with another sound You know. So when I first heard You know Dear Mama, not Dear Mama, but Brenda's having a baby. I Get around all that around. Yep. Yep. He was already something special. I And I And I. Don't know, the jury's still out on how I feel about some of that, some of what happened. But in terms of him musically, he just went to a whole nother level and he just, he just was pouring out of him.


Like he went to the studio. Yo I wasn't there, but they would tell me he went to the studio and he just, he couldn't be stopped. You know. And he was a, he was a perfectionist. He wanted that, he wanted to sound like he wanted to sound he wanted you to feel that projection he was putting out. So yeah, it was a loss. You know it was a mismanagement that cost one of our treasures. Life as it as it if relate to him and Biggie You know. And God bless their soul. They was, they were both treasures to our community. Absolutely. Well, how can people get in touch with, with with You and see what you're doing with Community First and all that and, and follow what you're doing and maybe even help and support, Man, that would be lovely, man.


All the support we can get, we want. So it's community first action.org or at Community First Action. And that's how you can get in contact with us, support us. And the official Harry O is my handle, but okay. I'm just out there bro. I ain't hard to find. That's right. All right, Well we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Harry O. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Michael Harry O Harris. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.