
Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like it soon. Check out boz.com for more.


Hey, I'm Emily revealing incredible jobs that are out there. Ah, here's Winston with his burning question. Emily Can race cars, top jet planes. I gotta know. Classic. He's a charmer, but his timing could use some work. Winston loves trucks, so we'll explore construction car racing and more. Join us on growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, inspiring you to chase all your dreams. Listen to growing up on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, hey, it's Theresa back from the Dead again. Just wanted to pop in and let You know that Haunting is back on October 22nd. Spooky season. I own Spooky season. We're serving up some killer stories, literally, and a few that might make you question whether you really locked the door before getting into bed. So cancel your lame Halloween plans, haunted houses, over done Candy, corn, honestly, who eats that? Your new tradition. Listening to me. Listen to Haunting, starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do. Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me. Each Week we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


Hey, I'm Jack Lee Thomas, the host of a brand new Black effect original series Black Lick, the podcast for diving deep into the rich world of black literature. Black Lit is for the page turners for those who listen to audio books while running errands, or at the end of a busy day from thought provoking novels to powerful poetry. We'll explore the stories that shape our culture. Listen to Black Lit on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building this morning. Yes indeed. We have Axel Alonzo, welcome. Thank you. How you feeling this morning? I'm tired, but I'm good. You got a long weekend Comic Con all weekend long. And is they expect what? Over hundreds of thousands of people there. It's the biggest con now. It's the biggest con now. Yeah. Axel, you've been in the comic book business for a long time. You was the former editing in chief of Marvel Comics. What got you into the comic book world? Well, I got into the comic book world on a fluke guy.


I interviewed a DC comic books for an editor position. I sent in my resume and the editor called me in and said I wanted to meet you. I said, why is this? And he says, I read an article you wrote for the Daily News about the use of the cannabis leaf and hip Hop culture. And I'd interviewed a DA agent and the editor in chief of High Times Magazine and the High Times Magazine editor stolen the guy's girlfriend. So he had a gripe. The High Times editor stolen Girlfriend. Yeah. Stole his girlfriend. Okay. The editor's girl. He said, I love you. You want to want a job? I said, alright. So I got into DC comic books at Vertigo. Hold On. So you got a job 'cause somebody stole somebody's girlfriend. Yeah. That's Crazy. Pretty much, yeah. He never, I mean, you were qualified, but y'all never knew I was qualified.


Yeah, you were very qualified. But y didn't get Into all that. I was over qualified. I took a big pay cut comic book. What Made Comic, did you do that though? 'cause you so New York Deli news, you were, were you working in a newsroom? I, I worked as, as a, as a a a a freelancer working for multiple publications. Okay. And And I loved comic books. I grew up reading comic books. I love them. Amazing Art form as You know. Amazingly taught me to read And I just thought I'd have an impact. So I went, I went to Vertigo Line, which did a adult oriented material at DC comic books and had a good career there with books like Preacher and a Hundred Bullets. And then Marvel came on knocking at 2000. And I went to them when they were in bankruptcy. And the company was in, in Dire Straits. You know. But I had so much fun.


They gave Spider-Man, the Hulk. What's not to like You know? Do you think comic book is, is I guess a, a form that's, that's dying. And the reason I ask that as a kid, I know you're from California, but in New York, every bodega had comic books. Yeah. Every store had comic books. When I went grocery shopping with my mom, she would go get groceries, And I, go to the comic book section. So, but now I don't see it as much. It almost feel like, I feel you. It has to be a destination spot. It has to be a Barnes and Nobles. It has to be a comic book store. Do you think it's a, it's dying. And and how do you That's a Distribution problem. That's not a problem with the art form. The art form itself is inherently amazing. It's only as limited as your imagination and your talent and your guts.


So the art form is gonna evolve. There'll be more digital use of the medium. So again, for me it's a distribution problem. Like you, I, my comic books, I read comic books 'cause my grandma would pick me up after school, take me to the Dime store, and I'd buy a comic book off the rack You know on a Friday. So it's a distribution problem. Once you solve that, there's no stopping us In the comic book market. It is projected to be a $21 billion business by 2029. Like it's still making billions of dollars. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And does digital help or hurt The reason? 'cause it You know it's complimentary. I'm still, I'm, I'm still a guy that likes to hold a paper in hand. You know what I mean? It's Complimentary. I mean, when it comes down to it, like for me, I all my music, I listen to my iPad You know my, my, my phone.


I, I don't own CDs anymore. True. But with comic books I select some things I read digitally. But there's stuff I have to put on my shelf. You know, you just have to like illuminati. How Many, how many comic comic Books do you have? How many comics Do you have? Me too many. How much is too many? Just if you could just round about Man. How man, probably about 2000. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. But it's from my, when I was a kid. You know some, Some of them are investments then. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Exactly. That's what you tell your wife baby. These Are investments. Yeah. Yeah. Before, before we get into a WA and the Illuminati, tell 'em some of the things you did at Marvel, some of the groundbreaking things that people will remember. Well, the thing I'm most proud of is that in 2015, I'm hip Hop head.


And for me, I was just really tired of seeing lack of hip Hop in comic books. When Hip Hop is giving so much love to the form, like all from Green Lantern to Johnny Blaze, iron Man, you name it. Ghost Face. To see all this stuff happening in You know hip Hop giving so much love to Marvel comic books and Marvel being silent I thought was inexcusable. So I did, I did the Hip Hop variant program where we did 128 covers that were based on classic Hip Hop album covers. That that span 30 years dope. Everything from like ultra magnetic MCs and school ED, the OG stuff to, to Future and Drake. That's dope. And, and every single cover was a, an homage to a classic album cover done by an amazing artist.


And it just showed how many people drawing and writing comic books the above had hip Hop when you're doing this. Not the Beatles. That's Dope. Yeah. And and also too You know they used to call you a diversity superhero. You are a diversity superhero at Marvel Marvel. And during your five years at Marvel, correct me what, what I'm wrong about You created Miss Marvel. There Were a lot of things that's involved. Yeah. Ma Morales, miles Morales Was on my watch. Kamala Khan. Yep. The female Black Panther. That's right. When we did that, everyone said, who wants that? Oh my God. I remember seeing That. Yeah. I mean, when I did the female Black Panther, people were like, what's it about? Who cares about that Now? It's a whole movie. It saved the franchise. That's right. Yeah. It saved the franchise. I mean, what's not to like about a female Black Panther?


You did a female Thor. Female Thor. Yep. Which also related Black Captain America, 2000 Black Captain America. I, Isaiah Bradley is Black Captain America. 'cause I didn't buy the origin story of Captain America. I don't agree. I don't believe that Uncle Sam in 1940 would've experimented on White Boys. That's Right. I took Robert, I wrote, I took with Robert Morales, the writer. He was a journalist. He said, I agree, I'll write this. We got Kyle Baker, iconic artist to do the, the series. It was about a man named De Isaiah Bradley, who was the first guy who was experimented on with the Super Soldier serum. So the first Captain America was black. Now that got me death threats. I was about to ask you, what was your pushback in your life like? 'cause you early in the DEI, Tons.


Tons. Yeah. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm half Mexican and my wife is Korean, so I gotta be Got you. Okay, so You did the Asian Hulk Amadeus show. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did Amadeus show as well. My wife is Korean, so my, my nephews were amazed by that. The Thing I blew their mind, the thing I enjoy about all your characters, all of them have made it to the TV of big screen at this point. You know Miles Morales. We, we, we know how those movies are. They're great. The Miss Marvel is a DA Disney Plus show. Exactly. Female th was in the movies. You know Sure is the Black Panther. Now in the movie Amadeus Cho is coming to Marvel now Isaiah Bradley is in in the TV show. Captain America winning Soulja and he's gonna be in the movie. You, you, Well, I feel validated 'cause for


Welcome to growing up the Lingo Kids podcast where we uncover all the awesome jobs you can do when you grow up. I'm Emily And. I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh wait a second. This noise. Ah, At Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is it now, pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing and plenty more careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grown Up is now available on Story Button, the Kid Friendly Device Force screenless podcast listening. Listen to growing up on story button, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Each Week we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions. Like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like, What's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season Two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we push record. Right? Okay. And this season we're taking and a bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, Saying that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh, so All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My Cultura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That? We are actually besties in real life And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because I don't know. Let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ote, it's Honey German And. I'm bringing you. Gracias. Come again. The podcast where we dive deep into The World of Latin culture and entertainment with some of the biggest names in the game. If you love hearing real conversations with your favorite Latin celebrities, artists, and culture shifters, this is the podcast for you. We're talking real conversations with our Latin stars. From actors and artists to musicians and creators sharing their stories, struggles and successes. You know it's gonna be filled with Cheeseman laughs and all the vibes that you love. Each week we'll explore everything from music and pop culture to deeper topics like identity, community and breaking down barriers in all sorts of industries. Don't miss out on the fun and life stories. Join me for Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get into to listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm a young Mexican kid and I'm looking at the superheroes. Where's a Mexican superhero? Yeah, there ain't none. I like Black Panther the most. Why? Because he had the best costume on Earth. Yep. I was disappointing when he was black. I wanted to be Mexican You know. So hold On one more thing. And you signed Taana Hassi Coates. Tasi Coates to Write the Black Panther serious. Yeah. Reggie Hudlin before him. Yes. Wrote Black Panther for six years. He reinvigorated the character and then, and then Tasi Coates came on and did an amazing run as well. Axo Alonzo was a legend. You know, I mean, I wanted, I wanted to ask, since you created a lot of these characters, do you get, I guess, equity in these characters? Like when these, 'cause like, I mean you, you created these and, and like you said, some of these characters are saving the franchise, making movies and all that.


Yeah, I wouldn't say created them. I wouldn't say I created them so much as I was involved in their creation. In the case of the Black Panther, Sheri Reggie Hulen said to me, let's make things up. Let's put Sheri in the costume. I said, I'm down, let's do this. It makes perfect sense to us to do this. It's about time we did that. Amad has chose the same thing. I thought, how about we have a new Hulk, optimistic, fun, not You know gloom and doom. Bruce Banner s Cho. Next thing You know we have a Korean Hulk. So for me it was a necessity. I wanted to see characters like myself when I was a kid. So I I can imagine people wanna see themselves. That's Right. Seeing, seeing Spider-Man peel back his mask and you see an a black face.


It's, it's seismic. That's right. And how did you hook up with, with Charlamagne? I know we don't have much time 'cause we gotta we get this on that. How did you hook up with Charlamagne? Charlamagne? Start talking with my partner some years ago, his interest in, in promoting black artists. Did you ever see a tattoo? Yeah, I have not. I've seen that in, in a picture. I think. Do you have a Comic? It has a comic tattoo. I have Wolverine tattooed on my arm with a microphone in his hand. But I got it when I was 16, 17 years old. Oh, okay. It looks terrible. It looks hard, But ahead. I'll check it out later. Whoa. Okay. But yeah, but so how did y'all get in? So y'all said this is what you wanna do and then how'd you come up with the franchise and, and Illuminati and all that other stuff and what you wanted to call It and Well, when I understood what Sherma's goals were, I said, I just so happen to have this amazing pitch called Black Illuminati by brand new Wood Hill filmmaker and comic book writer.


That's amazing. It's about the number one conspiracy theory of the day. The urban legend. I mean, you see Mecca Platinum Star going like this on tv. That's right. Someone shows up in in pants with sigils on it. P Diddy's mansion is rated. That's right. It's a conversation who's out there? It's the most enduring urban legend. This story leans hard into that. Any resemblance to characters living with dead is coincidental. Unless you don't want it to be, It may or may not be based on a true story. That's right. So when you see these DJs getting aired out by some of these executives and they look a little similar, they have names like DJ Jealousy. Don't think that it has anything to do with anybody. You know. Are they fighting with baby oil? What are you talking about? Don't worry about it.


You'll see if, If you use my Baby oil, not the baby oil, oil turns into a special force field of power. That what I'm talking about. Oh my God. Is that, is she laying in baby oil? This is the cover. Talk about the Damn baby oil. Oh, It's a supernatural thriller. Oh, her body is tea. A young woman travels to Los Angeles after the death of her sister. The cops say the sister died of a drug overdose. Sister does not believe this is the case. She investigates and then finds out that there's a, a secret society, the snake through the quarters of power and their currency is fame and fortune. They'll give you fame, fortune for a price. You don't wanna know what that price is. You wanna pay it.


So the sister believes her sister paid the price and she investigates. So it's a supernatural who done it. Wow. That's Right. We got Deni, the iconic dentist. Coen is the artist founder of Milestone Comic Books and, and Bill Kevi interest. The icon covered for Za EPMD, you name it. These guys are legit. Wow. What's The Stanford Green? My guy Stanford Green from South Carolina. He did the cover Art Is, isn't the name, like, is there some sort of homage to Illmatic? Right. More or less. Yeah. So yeah, ill illuminati. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the, the writer who, or the guy who created the pitch, is he just like a NAS fan or like what's the Well, I, the concept for him wasn't so much rooted in hip Hop as the conspiracy theory.


Okay. He wanted to write a book about the conspiracy theory, supernatural murder mystery. Got you. Okay. And again, it has to be said in The World of hip Hop outta necessity. So again, that's really where he came from. Not so much inspired by NASS or any particular artist. That's just the, the, the whole mil. You You Know Lauren, like You know every day we wake up there's a new conspiracy theory. You go on YouTube, people go down these rabbit holes and they talk about You know what may or may not be happening in the industry. So once again, yeah, this may or may not be based on a true story. Okay. And you can go to Kickstarter right now and if you type in Ill I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I-R. You type in Charlemagne.


You can You know, get a copy and we got all types of stuff. We got merchandise. You see Axel wearing the Hat? Hat. You got the hoodies. And today you're gonna be at Comic-Con, right? What time You'll be on a panel, correct? Yes. 3 45. 3 45. We'll be in room one CO three. Myself, Axel Alonzo, Dennis Cohen. And the good brother Rob Markman will be moderating. So we'll be at New York ComicCon today at 3:45 PM Room one CO three. Myself, Dennis Cohen, the good brother Axel Alonzo and Rob Markman will be moderating. So we'll see you there today. Yeah. We appreciate you for joining us. And definitely check out Lll Well is the name of it's just Ill or Ill Illuminati. Ill illuminati.


Ill illuminati. Ill illuminati. 24 hours to go. 24 hours to go Act. Act now. Act now. Yeah. Yes. You wrote a Kickstarter. Right now you got 24 more hours to order a copy and then when we dropping It'll it fulfilled within six months. Yes. Fulfill Within six weeks. Yep. Okay. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, I'm Emily revealing incredible jobs that are out there. Ah, here's Winston with his burning question. Emily Can race cars, top check planes. I gotta know Classic. He's a charmer, but his timing could use some work. Winston loves trucks, so we'll explore construction, car racing and more. Join us on growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, inspiring you to chase all your dreams. Listen to growing up on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, hey, it's Theresa back from the Dead again. Just wanted to pop in and let You know that Haunting is back on October 22nd. Spooky season. I own Spooky season. We're serving up some killer stories, literally and a few that might make you question whether you really locked the door before getting into bed. So cancel your lame Halloween plans, haunted houses, overdone candy, corn, honestly, who eats that? Your new tradition. Listening to me. Listen to Haunting, starting on October 22nd on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do. Everything from NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me. Each Week we take your questions And find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions like, how do you survive the Bermuda Triangle? How do you find a date inside the Bermuda Triangle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast on iHeartRadio.


Hey, I'm Jack Lee Thomas, the host of a brand new black effect original series Black Lit, the podcast for diving deep into the rich world of black literature. Black Lit is for the page turners for those who listen to audio books while running errands or at the end of a busy day. From thought provoking novels to powerful poetry will explore the stories that shape our culture. Listen to Black Lit On The Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding Your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.