
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity, varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


In seven days. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and on to an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton Manning, Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30 Central on NBC in Peacock.


During the summer when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible planning. Device covers not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes, right. You got rap Man. Welcome. Yeah, You appreciate that. My big up man. Thank you for having me, man. Rap. Rap Man is the the creator and director of a Netflix show that had me in a choke hold during vacation called Supacell from July 8th to July 14th. He was the number one. No, you were the most watched show on Netflix. That's right. You been two weeks at number one. Two weeks. Not number one. Yeah. 7.1 million views. How'd that feel, my brother? Hey. Nah, that felt, it felt humbling, man. But it felt good. I ain't gonna lie. I put a big smile on my face.


You know. How Were you this morning? Hey Bro, I'm on Breakfast Club with you and Envy. I'm feeling like I've made it right now. You know. I saw I'm good this morning. You know coming from London, like these type of rooms here, we can only see it on YouTube. You know we see these rooms on YouTube. We don't get into these rooms. So I'm not even gonna sit in front like this is a minor. I'm here like, yeah, I'm on Breakfast Club, so I'm feeling good man. Let, let's start brother. Who is Rap man? Where did Rap Man come from? 'cause you started off as a rapper. Let's, let's go through the career for people that don't know who Rap Man is. Well, I was just, just like every other guy in South London trying to rap. But them days, our UK rap scene was, it weren't where it is now.


So we're trying to sound like big, we're trying to sound like J and Pax, so we're rapping with an accent them days. And there was another form of music called Garage and Grime. But I love rap so much. I was always rapping with the American accent. So I got the nickname Rap Man from a Young Age. So my thing is though, I was the type of person that would love Gimme the Loo on the album, expect to see the music video to that. But that, that video never come out. I would listen to Jay's album Inspector Here, see the video for a week ago and it would never come out. And I was like, why did they never do the music video to the story songs? Man, you used to everything. No, but I like the story story. You know that was my thing. But they Got that story to tell. Yeah, that Never the visual. So I said, when I start rapping, I'm gonna do the visuals to then make them like short films.


So when I started doing music, I started doing these short films. They were like musically narrated short videos, man. And I was doing it for years, for fun for people in my neighborhood. And it just started growing and growing and growing until I'd done one cool shower story that went viral all through the uk, landed in my buddy James Samuels hands, who would then pull it in. Jay-Z's Hands and Ty Ty's hands. And then next thing You know, I'm meeting Jay-Z entire time they signed me to Roc Nation and they said, what do you want do now that you're with us? I said, sounds You a Roc Nation as a, as a rapper at the time. Director. Nah, nah, they saw him, they saw the vision as a filmmaker. Got you. So I'm, I'm with them as a filmmaker. So, and they just said, what do you wanna do? So I've got a TV show, man, I got an idea for a TV show that they're like cool Pitch.


It wasn't Supacell, it was another show. So they took me out to LA and they pitched, I pitched it everywhere. Every studio you can think of, fx, Hulu, Amazon, no, I wanted it, but Netflix said, yeah, we love it, but because it's sitting in the uk you gotta go back to the UK and pitch it down there. So I went back to the UK pitched the show, she didn't want it, but she said, she's a big fan, let's keep in touch. That's like, that didn't mean that to me. I felt like, okay, I felt it didn't work. Now is that the night that they asked, they wanted to take you to dinner and you said, I wanna go to the most expensive restaurant in London. Wait, we'll get into that. We'll get into that. I gonna passport. I don't take too much time. So anyway, I, I moved on with my life. And I wrote a movie called Blue Story. Done really well in the, in the uk but before it came up, there was a big marketing campaign campaign on it.


So Netflix said, look, we wanna take you out. I'm like, yo, I'm gonna rinse this. I picked the most expensive restaurant I could find And. I went there. And I was just eating that free food man. And then they were in between the food. They told me it was a general, so I'm just there eating. But they kept asking me questions like, what do you wanna do next? I was like, I don't know, I wanna see what the film does, but have you got any ideas for a show? I said, I got one idea. And who was this with? Netflix or Roc Nation? This is Netflix at this Point. Okay. Okay. So I gave them some idea and they said, oh that's all right. They said, you got anything else? I was like, right. This is one of those meetings I thought I just came to eat a food and ketchup. So with a food of mouth still in my mouth, I said, look, I've got this idea about people from my part of London, south London and they get powers, but it ain't like you are Cape Spandex.


These are, these people are going for real things. And they went quiet. And I looked up, it looked like Kaching. It's like that there was dollar signs in their eyes. So I said, okay, so you like that one? And they just want me to develop it from there. And then fast forward four years, I don't believe that you're not going, you don't believe, you're not gonna make me believe that you sat down with somebody and told them you wanted to make an all black show with people with sickle cell superpowers and it's science fiction, bro. And they Got it. I don't think anyone else would've made it. It it, I don't it, it might have helped that the head of UK Netflix does look like me and you. Okay, okay. Makes sense. That might be, that might have helped. But I think it was the such of the point that the UK's never had anything like it.


So it was just like it could really go left or this could really work. And I think she was ready to take that chance on. Now I don't want to give too much away from Supacell, but I do got a lot of questions. 'cause I really did enjoy the show You know You know what was so crazy. My wife turned it on and like I, we was on vacation so I'm laying in bed and my wife goes, oh look at Cuppy. And so I open my eyes Big, got Cuffy And, I go, oh that's Cuppy. I said Cup's on this show. So that's why, that's what really made me start watching. That's Dope. That's Good. From episode Definitely after we got copy on that. That's nice. Yeah, she, she reached out years ago and just said she wants to work with me. And I said, obviously she's not an actress. I said, I might have something for you. And she was, she came off the plane from where she was at the country just to do that scene.


Man You know what's so funny. I text her, right And I go, yo, I said, we sitting there, we on vacation, we watching this show, I just saw you on it. And she text back and she was like, oh that's love. She was like, man, rap Man is amazing. And I'm like, that's not the name of the show. Like name of The show is Super You know. And so when the show's over then it goes Rap Man. I'm like, oh okay. He made the show. But tell where did the concept of Supacell come from? 'cause I read in the Hollywood Reporter the death of George Floyd was an inspiration. Yeah. So it was 2020 when the pandemic just kicked in and George Floyd got murdered. Obviously as You know and obviously on You know how it felt over here obviously. But that user weren't alone in that feeling. But in the UK and probably the rest of The World, we just felt like it's just one step too far.


Now it's just too much. And a lot of people like artists and players were going into Central London to protest. People protest And I was like, is this the best way I can use what my platform to make this to uplift black people? 'cause it was just a sad time in London at that time. Like And I didn't know how long TV takes. I figured You know what if I write this TV show? Nah, it could probably be out by the end of the year. And You know blacks will feel like we, we are superpowers. So that's when I started writing it. So I started writing it, started writing it for Motivated by George Floyd. And then I wanted to, I wanted a superpower that came from something real. And Sickle cell to me was always something I never understood that What, like why is there a disease that genuinely puts dark skin tones in a weak position of weakness?


It never, I never understood that. Mm. So I said, nah man, like I need to spin this on it head. Because another thing, you walk into a room with 10 people and If, you ask them about sickle cell. If more than three people put their hand up, you're in a great room because most people don't know nothing about it. And that's even our own community, they pretend like they do, but a lot of people don't know nothing about it. So I said, how can I make this a thing of power? How can I raise awareness? And it's, I just figured You know what, if there's something that can make us weak, there must be something that can make us strong. And if as a parent, if I was having to live with Sickle Cell, that would make me weak and tired and hurt in pain. But it would make my kid extraordinary. I'll take that though. Why? Why Sickle Cell in particular though? Like I knew, I knew one girl and every time, like she wouldn't come into college And, I always like, why are you never turning up?


Why are you never turning up? She's like, oh, I got sickle cell. And she was all, every two weeks she would be in hospital and she showed me like a whole bag of her blood transfusion. And this was like a massive, I said, you said you're taking this amount of blood every two weeks. And it was crazy to me. And I ended up going down the rabbit hole about it, trying to figure out where it came from and there's no real answers, but it was the, the only fact is it predominantly affects darker skin. I was like, nah, if someone ain't gonna gimme answers, we're gonna have to get people talking, man. So it always stuck in the back of the my head. So as soon as I got the opportunity, I just opened the door. It man. Well You a hip hop head. So it's like You know all of us first, well I'm not gonna say first heard of Sickle Cell, but Prodigy and Timba from, from Clc. I was say Prodigy was the first one that that made me look, that made me look into it was when I heard Prodigy had It.


First time I ever heard it is when Pac said, aint one of y'all got Sickle Cell. That was Sickle Cell. Like, and that's the first time I ever heard the word. And then I, I started realizing that Tbo had it and You know they did a record together. Prodigy and Tbo, I think it was called Never Feel My Pain. Oh, I never knew that. You remember that record? No, it was, it was a record about them having seats. I didn't That's Crazy. I never knew that. I, maybe they was supposed to do it. I don't know. Oh no. Prodigy did the song And I think Tbo was supposed to be on it, but she didn't get on the hook or something like that. That would've Been dope. Yeah, that's what it was. That's what It was. And I was watching you on the witness talking podcast, And I think our witness talk. And you was talking about how sometimes, especially when they do films in London, it doesn't translate to the US and you really wanted something to translate to the us Why was that so important to you?


It's the biggest playing field. Like it's, it's, I love the uk. I'm a super Proprie Londoner, but You know you, you're not really, you can't really fly if you're only doing it in the smallest stage. You know and Us is the biggest stage You know. So I'm thinking if I can get it to connect outside of the UK and the US I can keep on telling stories. You know and And I didn't water it down so the slangs harsh. I didn't, I didn't try to make it feasible for your ears. I kind of wanted use that to learn the language that when I used to watch the Wire Exactly. I learned that language. Exactly. So I didn't wanna worry it down even though I think Netflix was thinking like they're gonna get it as like, I hope so. That's why I was worried because it wasn't, I didn't even try to make it appealing to the states.


Like I could have given all the gang members guns all the time, like how it, but I was like, it's not really like that. Let me just do it exactly how it is. I hope that they learn. So yeah man, I feel like I wanna fly in the, I wanna swim in the biggest pond in it. So that's What, that's what I love about it. Right? Because You know I wanna know your world. I know the street world over here. The same reason I like Top Boy. Yeah. I, I wanted to ask you You know about something like Top Boy, it was a great show but it didn't really get success until later. So why Netflix it up? Yeah. Why you think Supacell popped off so fast? I think I think Top Wear, I think Top Wear done well. I think it's the reason. I think it was just, I think it's because of Top Wear Supacell done well. I think by the time you've seen Top Wear, you understand our, our language a bit more.


Our dialect and You know, you see our artists coming through artists like Central Sea. I think the culture from the UK is starting to seep in a bit more. It's starting to blend in. So the time Supacell comes out, you're used to the voice a bit more. The accent. And I think it was just time in mind. You know, I believe everything's time in laugh. And I feel like this was the perfect time. Now I I I definitely, I love the concept. So you basically came up with the concept eating. So it wasn't something that you pre-thought this was like you just eating and shit and just, I'm just gonna throw shit on the wall, see what sticks? Nah, Nah, nah. It weren't that, it weren't that deep. Before, before that conversation with Netflix, I was doing promotion for my, for my movie and one of the cast members asked me on camera, what you gonna do next? Oh you just gonna keep on doing the hood stuff?


I said, yeah, maybe, but I wanna flip on his head and do it about people with powers. And that's the first time I ever spoke it. I had no concept of what it would be. So it stuck in my head. So when Netflix asked me like a month later, it was just still there. And I just gave to them what I said to them and they, they actually could make it. Someone asking me, who's your friend? It's like you are asking me. Nah, that's dope, but someone who actually does that for the living Chris Press Press is the green button on TV show asked me. I was probably a bit more eloquent with how I was delivering it and it just sold. Man, The dope thing about it is the investment that they put, right, because it's not like a, a movie that that, okay, you just film in London and go you got special effects. Yeah. You got people doing their own stunts and you got gre It is, it is.


Talk about some of some of that. 'cause I've seen some of that behind the scenes footage of all the stuff that it took to make the movie and to make the flick Series. Yeah, You know what, and for London, that was a big budget show. Like it's not, don't get to, there ain't no Game of Thrones budget, but for the UK they don't normally put that type of money in show, especially when the cast looks like that. So that's what I've gotta View. Especially it's a black cast. Exactly what I mean. That's what I'm saying. So I think I remember saying to them, if I'm gonna do this, you have to let me do it. Right. Let me just swing as high as I can with this as hard as I can and let me just try with it. Don't give me the half budget and it give me enough where I can at least do it. And, I think she, when she made the decision to do it, she just agreed. She said, cool, whatever it is, do what you wanna do with it. Let's just see how, what happens.


What was the budget? I can't, I I actually can't. I can tell you off camera, I can't tell you that. Is It real knives or fake knives? Fake knives. Fake Knives. Fake Knives. I have to think about that because sometimes what they do see if it's a shot where it's not moving, it's just a, someone's just carrying it. Yeah, we can use a real knife, but anytime you see anybody swinging, we can't take the risk. So when Michael gets stabbed in the chest, I don't wanna get the I shouldn't said that. No, you shouldn't have said that, But that might make someone wanna watch You know. You see, I'm the type of person all conversation leads to curiosity. Okay. So I don't actually mind, I don't wanna do spoilers, but I don't mind that. Yeah, I don't Wanna do spoilers. But when I think about Michael and how he kept trying to change the future, like do you believe that your fate is already set?


I don't wanna get too much, but do you believe your fate is already set? Yeah. And If, you, you've seen it till the end and you've seen how it ends. And I. And that's the reason why I feel like it ends like that. I feel like no matter what, you might be able to, I don't wanna say too much, but I do believe that. Yeah, I, that's to answer your question, to make with without And I think the answer is yes, I do believe that what's meant to be will be, but I still feel like you have to, you still have to push for the direction you wanna go. Like I, I believed one day I'll be sitting here with people like yourself and doing what I'm doing with Netflix, but it wouldn't have been if I decided just to hang on the block with my people and not stay into Red and not go here to learn. So I feel like you do have to, you have to go 70% of the way at Least.


And, and hold on, you said the end. Now you, you, you gotta have these seasons mapped out, right? Because it can't end the way. Nah, I've got, I've got a three season story in my head. Okay. Yeah. So I've got a three season story in my head. Not saying it can't go further, but I've got three seasons where I know where it goes because I need to know why this is happening. Why are these people getting snatched up? Yeah, I'm trying not to give it away. That what I'm saying, I'm just trying to figure out why, what's the overall Goal? If Netflix, if Netflix pressed the button on it, I'll promise you all your questions will be answered. Now, Rodney's white mama, Dr. Umma wouldn't be pleased about that, but because, because he was half black. Did you intentionally wanna shine light on the, on the biracial Struggle?


A hundred percent. Why Black man rap man? Because Because they go through it man. They go through it, man. How do You know? They go, I know people. I know, I know. I see what it's like. You know. And sometimes You know, some You know they sometimes they come across like you're not, you're not black enough. Yeah. And they probably go to their white counterparts and tell them you're not white enough. So it must just be hard man. And I, I've, I've witnessed it through the words of my people telling me And I said, nah, that you must still feel it. I wanted to show that man. So, So you, you got sympathy for Drake. I mean, Jesus, I mean I, I'm, I'm a Drake fan, bro. Like, I feel like he don't need no sympathy. He's rich and unsuccessful and he is Good. When Kendrick was saying those things about him, like, you can't say nigga no more And I was hurting your feelings.


I mean, I was just too busy with my hands up going, hey, so I, I was too, I wasn't really, I wasn't taking it politically. You know. I was just injecting the music, bro. I wasn't there to side with you. I don't know them personally. So I'm just there as a fan to see who's putting out the best music. Now. One time there was a conversation about British actors taking over in the US and yeah, some of the US actors were upset Idris El, but Damon Idris just some of the actors from, from Britain. So, so what is your thoughts on that? And and would you use American actors? A hundred percent. I would use American actors if they fit the role. And I. Don't think people should be mad at the u. We grew up with nothing on tv. Screens are set for American accent TV shows and movies. So


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige as family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaky in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start sw with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


In seven days. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton Manning, Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics Next Friday, 7 36 30 Central on NBC and Peacock.


All we all we took in was your accent. That's why we can do it. And so when we get these roles and they study acting a lot in the uk, I don't not say they're not do it in the us but it's a big thing in the UK to go to drama school. Like you have to do your free years and then your masters so the actors can come over of like Idris and Dancer and all these other actors can come over and do this because they can. But bro, I, I was chatting to someone the other day, she was doing an American girl. She was doing the UK accent just on watching Top Point Superstar. So I was, I was saying 10 years from now, maybe five they're gonna be coming to steal our jobs. You know we're just a bit ahead because we've had you on our screen for longer. Give it 10 year more years, 10 more seasons of Supacell.


You're gonna be have people coming to take our jobs. Man, I go from, that's my 11 year olds sting, my 11-year-old the London accent. And every time she orders something from Uber Eats or somebody picks up, she uses that accent and she thinks she's from London, like a thousand percent. Her name is London. Which is funny. I was About sick bro. And I think they're starting. It's starting to happen. So you're doing it first of all as a joke. But imagine If, you actually are your little one wants to act if your little one comes in and can kill the accent. And I'm giving her the role. I don't care if she lives over here or she lives over there. I want the best person for this role. Dope. So it's gonna happen. But See you said something just night. You said people doing it at first for a joke, right? That's what Kendrick was mad at Drake about What he fought.


But he Kendrick's. But Jake raps in his Canadian accent. Rap, don't you, don't You sure. Oh, the London. He does the London. He does the Yeah, but London. The London Swang, And, I. Don't know if people know it but it see the London Swang and the Canadian swang, it's, they're basically the same. Yeah, we use the same slang. Why you think that Is? I never Under to this day, I don't know why And I didn't know until, I used to think why is Drake talking like us? But then when I met people from, I said, oh, that's how they talk. They use the same fa cause blood. They talk like we do. Yeah. I don't know if it's because they grew, grew up closer to us than America was. I don't understand it. But it is the slang. It wasn't just Drake trying to jump in on the community. And I'm not here to defend anybody, but I know that that's just how they talk.


You Know. Another connection people don't usually make is the connection. At least I see between London and like Nigeria. It's Big. It's a massive dude. I'm Nigeria. Okay. A lot of it is like, for example, my parents, the minute over there when you're young, the better life is in the uk. So you had a lot of people go to America, but a lot of Nigerians live in London. You know. So, and it's just, 'cause my mom and dad would just tell me that You know they, my grandparents would tell them, If, you get world, go to London and you can have a better life for your family. So in the, in the uk, Caribbean, African, that's where it would predominantly most of The World the blacks are from. What? What's a better storytelling outlet for you? Music or tv? Tv. And. I. And I'll tell you why.


Other than the fact that You know rapping is such a super skill. And. I feel like I was okay but I wasn't Jay Z or Biggie. Who Is I? dj I, it's funny these days I don't even think you have to be there no more. Yeah you just need a, you just need a flipping, a gimmick or a hook or an angle. But the thing that I do can do with TV and film, I've got a bigger platform. I've got a bigger canvas to paint. Like when I was trying to do a song in five minutes, it was just like I got so much more detail I wanna say about the story or the character. When I get a canvas like film and tv, I can stretch it out, make you feel emotion, get you connected to the character. So for me, I'm where I'm meant to be, man, I'm happy here. And I just wanna keep painting these big canvases.


Another thing about this show, And I know there's probably some symbolism in this. All of the main characters, superpowers, they come out when they seem like they're under extreme stress or when they're all near each other. Yes. So the thing I get from that is black people, we definitely perform well under pressure. We make the best outta the worst situations. And unity and group operation I think brings out the best in us as well. I agree with that. And my, my main thing was literally with the pressure thing, I feel like we only ever do become our best version when we get to that peak where we think, well it's that line. It's how you're gonna fall under. But If you go over, that's when the greatness comes. And, I think that's why when it is kind of sink or swim, You know, fight or flight where they say that's when it comes out.


That's why If, you see everyone in his ears when they, when they're at their last string and then boom, that's when it happens. I was gonna say Congratulations to ask you stuff, but then I'm like, am I gonna give it away? You can't give it away yet. But You know what, it's been three, four weeks. It is have, have you watched it yet? More and more and more now. I haven't seen the whole thing. So people are hearing more and more about Now. Yeah, that true. It's true. It's true. Because I caught on when when I heard somebody else be like, yo, you gotta watch it. I'm be like, ah, I watch it All. Nah, Some of the international movies, I'm like, am I gonna be cool with the accent first And? They'd be like, nah, you could get it You. know What I mean? Nah, nah, that's fair enough. That's fair enough. And it's true. We do want it to carry on a good thing with the shows like this, there's like a 90 day window to get into the top view of all time. And I. Don't know if we're heading for that or not because it's You know you need to get like 90 million views.


We're on like 25, which is crazy for a UK show. But basically they Netflix do monitor it over for three, four months. So it is not like, it's not like a music release an album. You've got like a, the first opening week to really decide if it's a hit or not. It don't work like that Netflix. So I don't wanna spoil too much. Gotcha. But enough to get people to wanna watch. There's People with the Supacell collecting other people with the Supacell, right? Yes. But they're collecting them on behalf of white People. Yep. I knew that you could look it's funny, I saw Big Up Vince Staple. I never, I don't met him but I never met him. But I saw him tweet Yo those super coons had me shocked. That was crazy. I was laughing out loud, loud.


I couldn't believe it. But You know what the thing, I literally was laughing that loud when I saw that tweet. But the thing with that, it's funny 'cause I've only ever been asked about this one, one other interview. We are the talent. We are the culture, we are the heart. We bring the energy, we bring the vibe. But do we not dance for the people for the other side? Absolutely. Like and it's just, you can't escape it. I dunno if it's because where we are based, we are not the majority. That's Right. But where we are and where we are shining, no matter how great we are, like I don't wanna start blowing everything up, but user should really, these are own this place. These are own You. know what I'm saying?


Like you, you, when I think of this, I think of you guys, you have the power, but I don't know how much power you got, but I'm assuming there's always someone on top who sure man, you can't do that. Or envy. That's a bit much. We Got that in 14 years. Dope. Then you GA lot of people ain't got there. We now we've been lucky we haven't we. But How much other people do You know who are just as famous or success as you who are still got off Upstairs? And I. And I've carved out my own entity here called the Black Effect Podcast Network. Oh She, let me come on that. Let's then we can really chop it up. I would love to do a Supacell podcast bro. Like were you breaking, like you're breaking down each episode bro. For people.


I would love that. When you're ready bro. We can really go off on that lap properly. That's done. Yeah, yeah, let's do that. Let's do that. Let's do that. Let's do that. Let's do that. Let's do that. Yeah, No now congratulations. You got a hundred percent critic score on Rotten Tomatoes. Ain Easy. That was just not easy. We just seen with Tyler Perry, his didn't, didn't do as well. So the fact that you got a hundred percent is great. But I was gonna ask, it took four years to do this one. So when season two, is It gonna be another four years? Nah. And it won't because a lot of that is breaking The. World getting the characters right because The World is You know The, World You know the characters. It won't take as long, how long it will take. It just depends on how soon they press the button. But it won't take as long. It won't Take as long.


Okay. And you say you got three seasons. Three Seasons have three seasons of story in my head. Why? Why is three the the, the proper number to end on? I Feel like, I don't know, maybe I'm a man. When I watch anything that goes past three, three parts. I feel like if they push the barrel, but then again when I look at shows like The Wire, I feel like I could have taken another season there. So it just depends. The good thing about the Supacell world, it never stops because sickle cell is in the U is in the us it's in Africa. I can take it everywhere so I can, it can go on. But for my group of characters that I've created so far, I've got a three story, a plan for them. This is so Ill though, 'cause I thought I was gonna talk to you and you was gonna tell me like your mother or your grandmother or somebody You know had sickle cell.


Just the fact that you You know care about it. 'cause it impacts so many black people. Bro. How Can there be something that only affects you because of your black bro? You're not crazy. That is like, I feel like we need to ask more questions. Like why is no one asking where did this come from? Why is no one asking why bro Skin is skin don't get, as the culture comes with how you are raised, but the how dark your skin is and how light your skin is shouldn't make a difference to a disease. Right? I guess I've never done the knowledge to it to even know that. I never even thought that sickle cell was just a black disease. They say it predominantly affects black and there is some other race, but I personally have never met someone that's not black with it. So I'm not so, but I never understood it. So I'm hoping now the conversation is out there.


Maybe people might do some proper research and and they find out what the answer is more How, how can we bring more awareness to the disease. You think With what you're doing right now is already doing it. There's sickle cell conventions pretty often. I think just mention it, like that's the thing everyone does talk about. Have a conversation. Maybe get someone who's living with it on the show. Like because there's a lot of people in Powwow or whatever who are living with this. I just think, Yeah, we've definitely had Prodigy and Tbar on over the years. Yeah, the conversation just started happening enough. Like it's funny that episode of Power came out and they mentioned it this week. And I thought that's weird. Right? Close to Supacell the conversation, the sickle cell is out on two popular shows. Right. But normally no one talks about it, man.


Like when I was doing this show in the uk, all of their execs had to do the research minus my main exec whose brothers got it. But everybody else, they had to do the research. No one knew what they was making. You know. So I just think keep the conversation going man. Like absolutely You know Blood drives You know. It's like someone like you use yourself turn up to blood drives. That would be crazy. You know. Just shining lap man. Now you, you said I got, I got a few questions about rap. You rap man. I gotta go too. You gotta leave. You gotta go. I did, I did. Oh, I go, they got TV Flip. Okay, I just wanna know, like, I have a few questions, but like one question I had for you is you said that the exec at Netflix knew you in the uk. So what level of rapper were you in the uk?


Like who was comparable to you over here? Oh, I wa okay. I wasn't known because I was like, okay, the biggest rapper in the UK right now, obviously Central Sea, right? Yeah. But Sy at that time wasn't, wasn't crossed over. It was probably Stormy. Stormy gigs. Love Dave. Love Storm. Yeah. Yeah. So, but Cheryl's story, what I'd done it was this particular project that was massive. It was the biggest thing in the UK for years. And this is not sounding like I'm g glowing, it was just, it had the whole world in the UK in a choke hole. 'cause everyone's waiting for the next part. 'cause I was released in parts like every other month. So everybody was waiting. So because this is a quick example before I get pulled out, there was a show called The Bodyguard that was on BBC.


It came on Netflix after a while, but it was massive in the uk and it was BBC's biggest show for years. And it was like their finale. Okay. So that finale was trending on Twitter in the uk but I didn't know about Bodyguard. So I released my final part shower story the same day. We trended above that. So all the breakfast shows, the daytime shows. The next day was like, so you was probably watching this and it was a clip of the Bodyguard all white cast. Good show, great show, but your kids were watching this. And it was a clip of shadow story. Story that had every single network in the uk, Netflix, everyone Black, who is this guy who can do something off their own back, no money, pull it on YouTube and Trend above the biggest show that the UK's got.


Mm. It opened every door, bro. It was like a blessing that thing there because it fell into so much people's hands. Which, and then that's how I was massive. So, 'cause the shower story, that was before Shower story. Hardly nobody knew me. Car Showers story, I was probably one of the hottest in the uk. So if in the UK I could have been Maybe Big Sean Wale with hotter than that cold. I mean I, I could've been cold at that time. Really? I could've been cold at that time. You weren't The big three at That time. I, yeah, at that time. Okay. But at that time I was at that not, I wouldn't, I'm not gonna sit here and say I was, but for that moment, while shower still was out, everyone, everyone, so all the, all the other rappers was reaching out.


Everybody reached out. It was just a big deal man. It was just a big deal at The time. And I wanted to ask you about You know, 'cause you are with Roc Nation and it's Luther James, it's something about London and Brooklyn. People from London have a, a energy with people in Brooklyn. It's crazy 'cause like one of my good friends is Tata. So Tata James. Like it's, I don't know. When we we're together, we don't, we don't think that we're with someone who's across the pond. It's like, I tell Ty all the time, London and New York, bro, they're basically like the same place you are big A and obviously there's the, the laws are different. But the reason why I could probably sit here and chat to you all day because it's, we're all, it's so similar. And, I.


I don't feel like that when I go to la but when I'm in New York, when I've talked to people from New York, it's like I'm talking to someone from London. Because even when you say you love Biggie and Jay's music, it's just like, it seems like there's some type of connection. I, I don't Know why. I don't know why. But as I said, like I can sit down for hours with me and Ty with Chad. I'm not here just to name drop that 'cause that's actually my, my friend and it's just normal to Ty. Ty, Yeah. Yeah. Big upt. And it's just normal like me, it just, I don't know man. It's like a, who knows? I don't know what that connection is used would've to tell me bro. But it does feel like that as well. That's What it's, yeah, man. Yeah. And, and it's just a passion that I, I feel from you. It's a passion I feel when I, when I, when I've in interacted with James, it's just a different type of energy. And, I think it reflects in y'all art in such real way.


And I really. I just appreciate the way y'all tell black stories because y'all tell black stories in, in a different way. Right? Like here in America it's like these execs want you to tell black stories a certain way. A lot of times y'all always do it in a very unique way. I think because people, we, me and James for example, we was in that position where we didn't chase the industry. They came to us because of what we was just doing independently. So because we wasn't pursued 'cause we was pursued, it's like, okay If, you want us to do it, we're gonna do it this way or we'll just stay doing it independently over here and Right. Trending over your biggest shows on YouTube. So, so it's like, okay, so because we came in with that position of kind of like clout means we can just do what we can of Yeah.


The control in the uk but I can't do that over here yet. So hopefully these numbers keep from running nuts. So I can do it over here as well. But the good thing is that UK Netflix is international so I don't have to, 'cause it's still, we're all still talking about the same show that I made in London. That's right. Congratulations on everything Man. Thank you man. Please Go watch Supacell and You know get prepared for the Supacell podcast on the Black Effect podcast network. Yes. Hosted by Rap Man. Big. Yeah, I can do that. I can bring some of my casting As well. You know, That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. Yeah. My cast man, they wanna roll up. So that would be dope. Those Podcasts like that are, are, are big over here. Like bro, I am bro, anything to to, to push the, to navigate, as I said, I'm fans of you guys and what user have achieved with this.


This was like a outlet for, for black, for the black culture across The, World. 'cause there's so many other things now, but we've been seeing this for, for Decades, years, 15 years. Yeah. And we don't, we know that this is where it began. So bro, anything I can d to be a part of it, I'm honest man. Let's do it. There You have it. It's rap man. We appreciate you for joining us. Oh one, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club.


Okay. Round two. Name something that's not boring. Laundry. Oh, a book club Computer Solitaire. Huh? Ah, sorry. We were looking for Chumba Casino Chumba. That's right. Chumba casino.com has over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chumba chumba casino.com no is necessary by law 18 plus. Terms, conditions apply. See website for Details@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply


Welcome to NFL Flag In this game, there's a position for everyone, no matter who you are. Just bring it. Get ready to run, throw, jump, and fly. This game is our game. Let's play. Visit nfl.com to find a league and get playing today. And tune in to the NFL Flag Championships presented by Toyota Live from Canton, Ohio on July 19th through the 21st on E-S-P-N-A-B-C and Disney Networks,


MITRE is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox. With AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.