(0s):
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.

(34s):
Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.

(1m 9s):
This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready RAV4 and capable of affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.

(1m 45s):
Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(2m 20s):
Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. His album. I Ain't Feeling You is out right now. Ladies and gentlemen, it's ESTG. Welcome back brother. Good morning. What's up? He ain't feeling this interview. He Ain't feeling this interview. Can we restart out it too late? Oh, is he supposed to be out already right now? Am I talking like it's Oh, he Come out tomorrow? This is Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Okay. My fault. My fault, my fault. It's Air Tomorrow. It is tomorrow course. Damn. Damn. They done linked it again? Nah, nah, it's tomorrow. Okay. Okay. My bad. My bad, my bad, my bad. How you feeling though?

(3m 0s):
Oh, so we ain't restarting? I'm good. No we, we Starting now. I'm straight. My bad. My bad. Yeah, You was out last night. Yeah, I'm a little leery right now. I'm a little leery Where you was at Stylist. So stylists will do it to You. I'm a little, yeah. How much you spend last night? I ain't spend no money. That 5,000. You ain't spend no money find Thousand. I ain't spend no money. It's 5,000. That's for the, that's Like taxes in New York ain't it? That's For the ladies. Ladies. The drinks or what? Nah, for the, yeah, the, I don't know. Else picking up in more it. Who was for Ain ain't been installers in a minute. Oh This is cool. The last time, last time Shela was that he was picking the dollars up off the floor instead of throwing it.

(3m 41s):
Oh. You Know I got somebody for it. We just ain't bring him this time. Yeah, smart. I got a home. That's smart. One of my homie, he do the same thing. Yeah, that's right. We got to go out, get out there with something. We used to go for The bartenders though. That's back in the day where they was Bee and who else? Gracie and dang. Who Else used to, don't look at me bro. Was started naming. I don remember good time though. Oh You the orange juice to to replenish you. Huh? Orange juice. You need that. I ain't feeling you. What's the name of that? What what? What's up with that title? Who you not feeling man? Who else not feeling me. Alright. And there be some people that be acting like they don't be feeling me. They don't think I know, but now I know though so I just wanted to let them know I'm not feeling that need.

(4m 25s):
Alright, now your previous project was, I ain't felt nothing. Yeah, I don't feel nothing Now. Ain ain't feeling you Ain ain't feeling you specific. So It's so it's always like a negative connotation. What? What are we, Is it really negative though? Is it just like, how can it be what it is? Because who we talking about? Who we talking to? They know who I'm talking about. Okay. They know who I'm talking about. You don't feel nothing but It could apply to everybody. It's somebody who I see the, I don't feel nothing was like, you know how when you got like a, it's vague but it's like when it's a overload of stuff, it ain't nothing specifically that you feel 'cause it is everything. So it's like that. So this time it's more like directing the person.

(5m 6s):
It's like Ain ain't feeling you like a specific person. You and everybody. I feel like everybody feel me, got people that they don't be feeling. Do you use that as motivation? Like you know, you see somebody have a negative comment about you or a negative comment about your music and you No, I don't use it. There's nothing. It just be, I don't be knowing. See until now I wasn't hip. I thought everybody love me. You Didn't, ain't no not in this world. No One. I thought it was love. I ain't gonna lie when they be seeing me be Yeah Be at. But I guess they don't, they don't love me. I thought they did. Damn. You must have got into an incident or somebody or something like that. That hurt, that Broke your heart. Didn't No incidents. I don't get no incident. It just be, you know when you put something out there, eventually they go around and see people be hearing it and then Oh so this is other rappers or There's people in The World?

(5m 55s):
Nah, it's other rappers. Nah, they not. I feel Like it's somebody out there that I don't have no problem with. No other rappers in The World. I think nobody, all the other rappers is, everything's everything. I don't have no problem with no rappers. They not saying nothing. I don't think. Maybe they are though. It's coming out now. So if they out, I might hear it soon. You're being very vague. Being very vague. I'm tired a little bit Ain ain't going Stu okay. Yeah, I'm tired right now. It was just ugly over in that side room? Yeah. Oh, I put that leg up on that table. Huh? What Tricky Pause. The dude jumped ran in. He's like, he's saying something.

(6m 36s):
He's like, two minutes. I'm like, two minutes. They like, nah, two people. I'm like two people. They like, nah, they just getting this set up. I'm like getting what set up. I'm looking at the table. It's a Gatorade right there. I'm like, damn, what's going on? You have no Idea what you talking say. That sounded like that sounds like a studio session with Didi. I had my leg up and the Guy ran in. He said two minutes pause, two more. People like come on in. Pause, pause, pause. Let's follow How didn't get that from Dave Ball man, let's, let's just happened. Let's back away from that one Said, Why the hell am I? Hell man. Now you ain't been up here in three years. It been a Long time. It's been three years. How, how have things changed for you in those three years?

(7m 22s):
What changed for him? I got some, I think I got one more kid. Congratulations. Wow, That's a big change. I got some more money. That's about it. How old is your, your baby Kid? The new kid? Yeah, one. He's one. Oh, okay. Nice. So yeah, that's about it. That was it. I I do wonder how you're feeling though because you know, you look, I listened to the project and it sounds like you've lost so many of your, your people, a lot of pain. Like Yeah, I know your your manager. Yeah, it be like that though. It be like that. I feel like everybody be going through something like that. Nah, you can't shake it off like that. You can't shake it off like that. You, you big beach, rest in peace. Your artist like rest in peace.

(8m 3s):
It be like that sometimes your man Rico locked up. It Be like that. It be like that. You gotta just keep on going. How do you cope with that though? Cigarette Emini here. Other than it being out there. How, what do you do? Smoke cigarettes and just drink orange juice in the morning early when you get up. You know what I'm saying? You be all right. You be straight. Don't be crying and shit. Yeah, you be straight On, on go though. You said you slowed down for the, the last three months. I did. And you said, but you said you still don't feel no better. I didn't work. Dang. I'm back. Didn't bother you slowed down as far as what? Slow down as far as work. We might not, shouldn't get into that long. It's, we don't want promoting no. Or slow down smoking no illicit drugs or Rev that's Not promoting Emini here.

(8m 45s):
I like if you slowed down on you if you was using drugs. Yeah, but I Said I'm Back though. Oh. Oh, back On. Yeah, I'm back home. I'm back on, I'm back. I try, you know, God no, I'm not a lie. Yeah, it's back at a year. But you did try though. I did, yeah. For how long? How long were you, were, were you off of it About from about like November 23 to probably Like how long to about like last like a year. A year? I ain't drink no syrup. I still ain't start drinking syrup. For real though. Or a little bit, but I ain't drink no syrup for like a year and a half.

(9m 26s):
That's amazing though. And Then you know I got shot so I be taking perks but I ain't take no perks for like 10, 9, 10 months straight. And that was hard, you feel me? But Did you need it with the, the creative process? Like sometimes I just need That. I don get the creative process Go man. Grieving. Yeah. I don't give a fuck, but nah, And I ain't gonna say it. I'm sorry. I ain't mean to say it. It don't, it don't got nothing to do with rapping. I could rap regardless, but it just be my stomach be hurting and shit. 'cause I got shot, you feel me? And my eye, like the, the doc, the closed that I got, my stitches put in my eye And I got shot in my face and the doctor's office closed. So they left the stitches in my shit. Can I cuss like this? Yeah, yeah.

(10m 6s):
Go Ahead. Do your thing Man. They Left the stitches in my shit, so like, it was like bothering me and so take the perks, you know what I'm saying? The little bit nagging, little pain go away. Yeah. But they, they took the stitches out now. Like what was that last year, year before last year. They been there for like a little minute. So I've been straight. So that's why I was able to kinda stop 'em for real because I got some of that shit fixed. Have you tried anything else for your trauma? Like, you know, like going to therapy, going to a grief counselor. I'm straight, I don't got no drama. I'm straight. It is just, I'm straight. I don't need no therapy or nothing. What was the moment that you, you got, you went back. What made you say, all right look, I done try this shit long enough, this clean, sober life long enough.

(10m 47s):
What? What was that moment for you to go back One day I woke up and I'm like man, I'm ready. Get that weed today. Like today I'm eating that weed and that was just what it was. Yeah. Then when I got to the studio, I want to say my little pot might have some syrup and it was that, that And I, it was right back the day one again. It straight though it Elvis, he know he liked the pop perks and stuff. I think I seen the movie because they was lying. So Yeah. Who used liked the Pop perks? Elvis. I think Elvis. As soon as the movie came on, Elvis popped the perk. When the movie came on El was Presley, he was back there with his homies in the back room. They was Ray sang at the fire or something and they was all in the circle.

(11m 30s):
I think he popped a perk. You Can't, you can't talk about artists that's dead though. He, Hey Elvis dealt with a lot of trauma Too though. Everybody, you saw the Movie, everybody gotta go some type of way. You don't go like that. You, I can't say, I don't know. I don't know. I can't say, but I, I know it's a whole lot bad ways you can go out this shit. Yeah, that's true. And I don't think popping the perks is a, is a let's not talk. 'cause I don't want, they gonna be like Jesus ey, perky boy and all that. Yeah. They gonna make me think they gonna, I don, I would rather them know you hide than you just up here trying to sound cute for Jess. Yeah, I Ain not trying, I'm Talking about something before I got up here. Got up.

(12m 11s):
Jesse was killing me. This is how he felt. We shot Jess on. Yeah, she know how I talk wild. That I was trying. Yeah. Oh you trying to see? No I'm just playing. Look at you gonna run out about to start as is. That's why Jess came in here with that new wig today. Perme don't Perfume. And I smelled it when we got out the elevator. I'm like, yes, she's yes there. You see He said smoke when Elevator was just there Also on the the go record man you said you've been talking to God but haven't been getting a response. So, so what's the conversation you, you trying to have with, with, with God if it's not too personal? You know, I don't know. It just be, I think it's just human nature.

(12m 51s):
We being patient sometimes and we be praying and stuff and it might not, we might not get an answer. It might not happen it right then or none you. You feel me? Absolutely. You know I think that's just human nature. I don't think it's nothing specific to me that, but we done got frustrated. We all done got frustrated and impatient. You know what Emini Here, you grew up spiritual like your mom, grandma. Yeah, my nana and them. They out my mama. They go to church and stuff. Right. I be saying to myself like I'm gonna go to church but I just don't go. Church be throwing me off sometimes. What about it? It just be funny. Just, I don't know. I done seen the back rooms at the church so it just make it Put me in The back room at the church church Just be funny.

(13m 36s):
Like I remember one time, I probably shouldn't say this but I remember I shouldn't say yeah you sure what the hell you seen in the back of the church Gonna be mad at me. She ain't gonna see Call. Yeah she gonna see us. Myana sees him. She ain't my Grandson. You saw a pastor getting busy Or something pastor? Nah, it's just, you know how you might say something about somebody. It's like ah, you might tell him something and you don't think he gonna tell her. Yeah. And then he tell her then she's, she might stand up and be like, all right it's somebody in here who's good. Oh wow. Who's going through this right here. Right, right. And I know I can feel your heart right now, you feel me? I Ain Knock it off. Yeah, Throw, throw off.

(14m 18s):
I seen that part of it. Be like man I know you just heard me say the car don't tell nobody in the mid 30 minutes in church now. They all know I need $40. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They could feel my heart. And then they still don't never give them $40. Nah, the church gonna get that money. You gotta go to Wednesday Bible study some project you gotta go through to get your 40 church. What's the mo you have, you do tithing offerings. Last time I went to church I did, I do tithe and offering every day though. He did tithing over last Night. But how much you gave to the church? I need to know if you gave more to the church. The church Travel, the church. I'm giving more. I'm giving more to the people than the church is probably got Got. I like clean that up.

(14m 58s):
Said The people I'm giving more to the people than the church is probably. But I ain't knocking the church though because I'm trying to get registered as the church for taxes and shit. Well it's old. Well that thing ain't, I Don't know. Didn't Trump get rid of the taxes? No. That ain't real man. That ain't real. No I don't. Tell me. Yeah, That ain't real by the way. If He did, oh yeah, I'm still working on my church status then I would love if he did. But after just me and everything else, the price of everything else gonna go up. Yeah, it is cool. I'm, I'm back next year it's gonna be Church of Jeezy. No taxes, everything's a donation man. Damn. Your nana proud of you. It's Critical. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. My nana's above. She's funny. Oh I'm Sorry. Damn. Nah, not above like yeah we, when we say above that's like above a rim like you, you jumping out the gym.

(15m 43s):
Oh, got You, got you got you got You. Can't be, I don't, it don't mean that she's my nana's alive though. Okay, good. Is she aware of what you do? Like is she aware? Yeah, she, my nana Know what's going on. She ain't one of them type of bananas. Oh okay. Yeah, she know what's going on. I got, she ain't, she ain't one of them. You, you To St. Yas at your Grammy's house. My nana know whats going on still right Now. Yeah, you trying to get, you get while she's ready though. She going plead the blood Of Jesus on her. They gonna back up battle her and she got a Little bottle of waiting on her Grand grandmother. Shell get 'em straight up. Battle her. Now do you have any anxiety when you move around? 'cause you know, you know what happens with, with with A bunch of peoples if you got shot, I don't ride around with like, I don't leave it a chance to be no anxiety.

(16m 31s):
Like I don't ride around listening to music loud. I be paying attention so I don't be, I don't have no anxiety. Okay. I hope to don't nobody have anxiety they be riding around because that's probably when something happen. I think Now. Now I get it 'cause they, they probably told you only two people in the room. That's that's what you was talking about earlier right? Yeah we got anxiety too. You see what happened up here so many damn times. You gotta even it out sometime now. Man what the hell? You know What I was looking at yesterday? What killed me on my phone. What Was it? What Up? I Ain webby. Oh Lord. He said Man y'all got some names on The World. The World. You right there. Shonda Mcg.

(17m 11s):
My girl DJ Envy. Envy Jay Envy. Why was you his girl man? I don't know. He said Damn y'all got some names On The World. That Was crazy. I don't know why we looked at that last night In, in front the club. Oh that's classic. We was in front of club listening to that. That's what we got Out the car too. They probably was like what the fuck is going on man, the strip club must have been dry. How Then man what damn nerd they I ain't gonna say that. Shout out to Starla. Yeah It is tight up here though. You can tell it's tight right now. Oh it's tight. It's tight. It Fucking these nigga up.

(17m 50s):
Nobody having no fun in there. There wasn't nobody having No fun Whole lot G Ain't no Bob. They was looking Around like that with big ass in there. I'm like damn. Okay. It's tight around here G. Ain't no bottle war. You probably puss up here Nowhere Where? Where it's tight. It is too tight in here. Let me get up outta here. They need to be, you know what I'm saying? They don't need to be no pressure on that bank road. I don around. Yeah, they need to be man. What happened to Tim Ball? We ain't call him this one man, we woke up. We had to find everybody one by one. I felt like y'all was out, out man. I don't know what happened. So y'all all left at different times? Nah, we left from the hotel at the same time but it was just tricky getting in the car.

(18m 35s):
The driver gone. We had to call Uber. We we, this drive for three days. We been fucking with this Egyptian dude for three days strip cigarettes. Somebody was trying to set y up driving. He, he, we been thugging with us three days. He been smoking cigarettes and popping perks and riding around listening to blood handler Jeff and shit with us. Then this morning he was gone. Hey like man, what's going on? But he was hurting. Probably took a nap. He needed rest hurting. He was hurting GI don't think I like how your life going right now. I think you need to tighten up on it. For Real. Yeah, I don't do nothing. I be, you know I got kids and stuff. I be with the kids. I really don't. I just like to see everybody else have a good time man. You feel me? Yeah. So Is that, that's I think to Envy's point, that's why he was asking you do you move a little different now, you know with you, your, your, you grieving your losses and now you got a 1-year-old, you know, been a dad but You nah, I ain't moving.

(19m 25s):
No, I've been moving like how I'm strategic. I'm, I've been, I've been moving like that And I ain't grieving like my homies live. You feel me? My little brother, little Mike lived the life of, of 50 grown men before he died. Then he shot himself. You feel me? Okay. And then he shot himself on accident pulling at his gun and you know Beach Beach is the best nigga in The World, you feel me? He lived good. Ain ain't grieving for him. I know they, I don't know. They wasn't them type of people. Like we ain't no victims or nothing like that. Like so it is what it is. It is stray. Did it have, did it make you have any animosity towards your hometown?

(20m 5s):
Because you know we always think about that video from Busey on Vlad tv when you said most people that make it, you know, end up getting killed in their hometown. Like did that make you have any animosity since that's what Big Beach got killed? No, I don't have no animosity. It is this ain't it's been that whatever it is it been that it ain't nothing. You know what I'm saying? You wanna say that's the game but dang they, I don't wanna say that. It gotta stop though. You know? I don't wanna say that. What I don I just wanna say that's what it is. Like we, I don't know it been there since they was riding horses, shooting, yeah more arrows at each other. If a nigga had a, a bigger chicken, a bigger cow or something, they probably was hating on the nigga with the big calves.

(20m 48s):
So they tell me it just been that in The World like Ain ain't really tripping like you feel me? You just prepare for It Now I, I did see something yesterday you was with Bag Fuel and Clue shot. The clue that you, they said that you had hold waiting for two hours. That was the caption when you, when you went to go visit Roc Nation or man Yeah it was accident. Me and Be was riding around. We figured out it was dispensaries so he wanted to stop. He trying for Nae, he's like, I got G in the car, I'm gonna bring him in. He's telling him the dispensary shit like it like I'm gonna bring him in, just gimme me, show him some of the weed he's pulling up at every dispensary. Yo, He dispensary. He said, you in the car Man, man, well we got about four, five zips of weed. I just have to pull up him, hop out and do his thing.

(21m 32s):
I Ain get back in the car, go fool around the corner. So we was just riding around and we didn't know that. We knew that they was waiting on us but it was like they'll be all right because we thought it was just Juan. We thought it was just OG one. Y'all not Juan Can't make Juan with, but I, I done met, I had met OG Juan before like we was already cool. Like his son is like the basketball director of basketball operations at Louisville. And when his son first got there, he said that they told him like they like when he got the plane, the chief of police was there. They took him to, to the popular level road. They took him to Monday was like, you know where this is at, don't never come over here. I'm like man, why would they say that? He was like, they was just saying a whole bunch of bogey stuff.

(22m 13s):
And his son was like, man they not gonna let G come to the game. Like, and he was like, man what? So if Jay won't take him, me, him and Jay want to go to the game and sit on the floor, we can't. His son was like, no. He was like man they ain't going, they ain't gonna be able to tell us what we can do. I'm like, I'm telling you. But I already met Juan. So. So you just thought it was cool to not sell him that you I was just tour, I was just coming to holler at him. Like it wasn't no pressure. He was trying to put me on something about the like the the, not the NIL but like the, the sports management, like the sports agency sport. I was trying to, I was trying to get something going with this. This dude named JJ Wee.

(22m 53s):
We had six fingers And I was trying to, I was telling him like man if I could piss something to Puma, you feel me? He play for uk. He led that. He seen sax like he got six fingers like the wild cat, United Cats got the look. I'm like, I feel like I gotta go good with Puma and they can make a six finger glove. I was telling them my ideas and he put it together for me. But it was light so I wasn't thinking it wasn't gonna be nothing. But Jay was there though. Mm. So he walk in, they all looking at us silly 'cause we late and they all staring like they waiting for us to see him but we walking in looking at them like why y'all all acting weird? Like we done met oh y'all before and we got out. He was two hours late. Man we got, he wasn't tripping though. Did you apologize at Lee?

(23m 33s):
Nah. What God damnit He wasn't tripping. He wasn't tripping. He wasn't tripping. He's funny. He was right. He's funny. Okay, he got the stunt, he got the pop in. I Think you should apologize when you walk in late man two Hours. My father Jay man would the, my father man Emini here in the moment when you walk In the room, he got the stunt moment. He was like, man Greg go get on the jail. We gotta go watch the Patriots play or something. I'm like, I really don't fuck with the Patriots. He's like, yeah man, woo Greg something something. He said something was 70 lemons, the fuck's a lemon. He's like, that's a million. I'm like ah okay. That was him popping his shit on like 70 million airplane.

(24m 12s):
That's all right. Like I don't got nothing else to, I can't, I don't got no comeback but yeah, You ain't got nothing to say about That. I don't got nothing. I don't got nothing to How Long ago was it? 20, when was it? 22. 22. He was two. Two. Okay. I saw you say that you got, he Had the inside of a red motherfucker. The inside of the plane was all red. That bitch was cold. What you Just say? No, I said I saw you say right now you said that you, you worth 10. 10 lemons Stealing in the trenches but not 70. That's a big difference. 60 more Emini here he could fuck up 10. Yeah. Oh He did. He fucked up 70 D What kind of, so Whatever everything I'm holding on to, he got say emoji Six more Times.

(24m 55s):
That's How you making good investments though. I am. I Ain invest in people. That was a Idea with the six finger glove thing that you think that was wasn't that good? Yeah, that was dope. He was fucking with it. But then they, they got the making them calls and it just got the, it got to getting smaller and smaller. The obtainability of it. They probably went to look and see how many people in The World got got six. I was think about how many people got Six figure. Nah, they, it wasn't that part of it. I don't wanna get into what it was, but shout out to jj we, I don't know if he had a good season this year. Did he have a good year? But you feel me shout out to little bro. Hopefully he got the man he feeding, he he's tired. He was drinking shit last night. But, But you know we just, my little brother, he go to school so when he graduate from college, you know what I'm saying, I'm gonna really have the, the sports agency stuff.

(25m 45s):
We know they, I think they changed the rule to where you gotta have a bachelor's degree to be like an agent to represent like athletes. They call It, they call that the Rich Paul rule. Rich Paul? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if they actually changed it. I think they did. But they call it the Rich Paul. You gotta have a bachelor's degree in something. I think it don't matter what it's in, but you just gotta have a bachelor's degree. But there've been a few players that we was, you feel me trying to represent McKendry played for the Saints. He was he going the first round or second round? Second round. But he started though, you know what I'm saying? Little Beanie Ros, big cousin, you know what I'm saying? He played for who? Beanie The Steelers. He star for the Steelers. But there'd been plenty of little players we'd have missed out on 'cause of that room the last two, three years.

(26m 29s):
By next year we'll be straight On that record right Now when you say you still living in the trenches, do you mean you just visit often or you actually I'm just my, just saying my, my, my heart and my hands. Your Mindset. Yeah. Not my mindset. My mindset's a billion. But just, you know, I'm, I'm invested in people like I said, so it's people that's still stomping through every day that I'm, I'm worried about what they doing. So when I say I'm still in it, like I still feel I'm your heart. That's you from? Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to see what's going on. Make sure everybody's, everything's everything. And you play sports too, right? Yeah. They said you got busy. I'm one of them. I'm like good at everything. I told them man on Bag Fuel I think. Is that what the show was called that we was on?

(27m 11s):
Yeah. Bag And I think it was called that. Nah, it was right Clue Esso and Heineken, it's Bag Fuel Emini here. I Ain didn't see it but if he, if that's Bag Fuel, it's Bag Fuel, you know, don't Think it was that. What's the name of the fuck? Yeah, yeah, that's the name of This show. You don't remember none of the people that you was talking to? Yeah, but I thought it was called something else. I don't remember them saying No Bag Fuel was Clue There. Clue Was there. Yeah, yeah. Clue was there. So when they first came on, I remember he's like, Esso was there. I think it was, he's like DJ clue's a permanent. I think he is now he's like, he's a permanent guest. Oh yeah, that's, that's definitely Bag fuel. A hundred percent. Yeah. Clue was like sitting there when they said it like, I don't know something was going on. I'm like, they confused. He didn't want him to say that.

(27m 51s):
Oh He didn't look permanent to you. Yeah, he ain't look Permanent. He t he didn't look permanent. I'm sure Clue was with you last name Clue. He walked as soon as he walked in the cliff, he disappeared on, he walked in there with me, you know, took the picture. I'm like, okay clue. He got a different look.

(28m 5s):
The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this you watching Thursday night Football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.

(29m 12s):
The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan IST messing around the interior, a completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.

(30m 14s):
Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diana Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chao Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur. A sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny true crime. I Love storytelling And I love you so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(31m 6s):
Everyone's forgotten who runs this valley Time to remind them Yellowstone fans step into the Yellowstone universe. Our Family Legacy News. This Ranch And I protected of my life Hosted by Bobby Bones. The official Yellowstone podcast takes you deeper into the franchise that's captivated millions worldwide. Action. Explore untold behind the scenes stories, exclusive cast interviews and in-depth discussions about the themes and legacy of Yellowstone. You know, the first Stuss to settle this valley fight was all they knew. Whether you're a longtime fan or new to the ranch, Welcome to the Yellowstone. Bobby Bones has everything you need to stay connected to the Yellowstone phenomenon. I look forward to it. Listen to the official Yellowstone podcast now on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Let's go to work.

(32m 6s):
He got, I don't know who he had with him. Ain ain't gonna lie. I ain't the hip hop police is real in New York. Very man, we seen them hop out last night. Oh they hopped out at the club? Yeah they heard you was in there clue like when we came to, I was like I think Clue seen them too though. He got little cl got, he got help, he got little in there. He, I don't know where he went at and we just stayed in our little section. They Probably want, they probably heard you was there or wanted to know who exactly you were. They probably never had eyes on you. They probably heard the name but They was on some nice shit though. They nah, they probably, they knew. They knew he was there like Yeah with all the Robberies going on in the city, they try to make sure that My robberies man. Ooh you got that Gorilla Bank and that's you that, that's nigga Gorilla.

(32m 51s):
That's his Got the gorilla ringtone. Seriously. That's right. Dang, look over a little over a year ago you had did a, a interview with Bootleg ca on the Bootleg Calv show you at Little Blunt. I wasn't fucking Bo Bootleg Kev, he was asking me some funny shit and my brother, you know my brother Red, I be talking about his older brother. We call him big unc just like everybody uncle. He had just passed like either that day or the day before that. And he just was asking me some funny shit. He got to say something about some fake jewelry. Didn't ask about my jewelry. Like don't try. Oh yeah, let's not put that together.

(33m 31s):
And he asked me about a porn stuff. I'm like Ain ain't on that right now. You wasn't in the mood. Yeah, I'm outta here. I'm outta here. Right. Ain ain't trying. He was all right though. He was straight And I told him not to drop. I'm like don't hurry. Before I got to the fucking, before I got back to the room, the airport. I think we went to the, before I got to the airport it was already, He was mad. You walked out. He had a, that was the moment Man. But see but that's when the moments you need to take a break. Like if you know you have something going on in your personal life. I did. Oh I got right outta her. Hell Was the break Off. He meant don't go. You realize in the moment I don't wanna be here.

(34m 12s):
I'm See. Yeah, see I I I didn't know I didn't You might Yeah you right. I get but I did though. I recognized right then and there. Let me get out here before I say something silly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Before I show the real me, I don't need this. I'm might scare the fans away. They might not wanna fuck with me if I say something crazy. But was it really that you was going through something or do you just not like being asked that question? 'cause I know I, I Done talked about it like my first interview I ever did, I talked about me playing football And I had, And I had to stop. I I talked about it like three, four times. So it ain't nothing like it's a part of my Yeah you feel me thing. And I really tried to like play like I really tried to, you feel me?

(34m 55s):
And people don't understand that they never tried to do something like that. Like I tried hard like with, you know what I'm saying? Little, you know what I'm saying? Feel me behind me push like it wasn't just like a, you know what I'm saying? So it's a part of my story but it just at right then and there Didn't wanna talk about it. Yeah I wasn't, I it was too much playing going on. It just, yeah You didn't feel like playing that day. I just ain't feel like playing. But could you imagine playing football now with the NIL dealing and them kids making all that money Man They making more money than a lot of the people in the league. Man what I got whole three DI got a 50 yard field in the back of the studio for my little boys. We gonna get some of that money somehow.

(35m 37s):
You going going to figure it out, make pretty, I'm gonna get somebody in there. 5 million, 10 million in college. I'm gonna get somebody in there. Don't worry about it. You gonna get somebody. I'm gonna get somebody. Don't you got kids? They dont play no football. Nothing Won't play one won't play for Miami. Yeah for real. Are you right there? You don. I'm pushing. You need to be down there. I'm pushing let my son be out. I'm gonna be down there. They gonna hop me on the stab Dion. He made me start getting back into sports and watching football with Deion Santa. Yeah, that's how you supposed to do Emini here. What I got to coach my son. I don't know what y'all talking about. Then every time they ask him. Yeah my son's the coldest. Even if he ain't, he's the coldest. Yeah. You think your son's gonna win? Yeah I know it. Yeah it is. Really.

(36m 17s):
That's the ball dad. The ball dad man. Yeah you gotta really, You gotta stay in shape for when your little man try you 'cause envy son be whipping his ass. Definitely don't throwing them all around. Definitely Don't win my ass. Don't Put these On him a couple times. You put these on him a couple times they be straight. They don't even notice they big after the, you know what I'm saying? It's psychological more than anything On that on the right now. Record too. I like how you talk about how unjust, harsh the justice system is too man. And I think you talking about one of your, your partners a little scary and you talk about the time he got 15 grams. What do you he Got 15 years for for eight grams. Eight grams of heroin. Was serving a gram eight times and it was his first offense.

(36m 57s):
And You said he smiled in court when he got sentenced. What else he going to do? Tell no, you know what I'm saying? What we be back, he be back get him up threw. But yeah a little scary shot after my baby little baby man, you know what I'm saying? 15 years, eight grams of heroin. Damn. So he served, he made $800. He served the, the informant eight times $400 and they 15 years. And this his first offense, first offense, first offense, no criminal history. And he was, he had a good lawyer and he was 19. Yeah. Damn. Damn. Everybody got but Kentucky's like one of them places. It is like a, even though it was a federal case, you know you get, 'cause it's out of the west district of Kentucky.

(37m 42s):
So you get Kentucky attorneys, you know what I'm saying? Or you can get a lawyer from any state but a Kentucky attorney just got a sign off on it that they can represent you if they're from on stage. But Intie is like one of them places like, it's like a old school. I don't wanna say crooked 'cause I still gotta be up around through there. But it's like if you, if you just, if you, if you from there then you know y'all remember the Breonna Taylor stuff? Hell yeah. And I remember Hankerson The, the, the sheriff? No he was the chief. The y the one, the one that killed the, he he he walked me home at gunpoint when I was like 10 years old.

(38m 22s):
Wow. In my granny's apartments. Wow. Like so he's like a, like that's but that's like a thing. Like He notorious for what he did. But it's a bunch of 'em though. That's like that though. You know what I'm saying? Like that's a thing in, in Kentucky like Hankerson, Brett Hankerson, it's a whole lot of it. We walked You home at gunpoint when you was 10. Man, what are y'all doing over here? Y'all live over here? Come on. Damn y 10 years old. You all getting the s that Jesus and can't nobody do nothing. Can't nobody do nothing. Ain't nothing. Ain't nothing. Ain't no Kyle to get made. But I think Vice, have you ever heard of Vice the little YouTube TV show? Yeah. It's like a it is a network. Yeah. Yeah. Like a little YouTube network. They did something on on Louisville like the police, like how corrupt it was.

(39m 6s):
It was like over like three, four years they had seized like 24 million or something in drug money and they had only accounted for like eight of it. Dang. And the rest of it was had to be used to pay informants and all these different little rogue task force they got then they had like a like how Jays or I have complaints on these officers and like the chief and shit about like raping them and picking them up with dope in the car. Like dude, this, this and that right now I'm gonna take you to jail for this bag of, of food. You know what I'm saying? And like the women was going to complaining like the ladies like the the dope they was going to complain but like a lot of times it wasn't going nowhere then eventually like one of 'em kept like a shirt or something with one of the chief's DNA, you know what I'm saying?

(40m 0s):
DNA on there and they finished him. You know what I'm saying? But then he ain't, it wasn't no he ain't go to jail. He just quit before like they finished. They finished turned around. Yeah. But it's like, you know they probably gave him the heads up. But it's tricky in Louisville though. Like I probably shouldn't even they tricky in Louisville. This is all awareness. Like this is all But y'all go watch the Lil Vice thing though. Like where? Talk about, I wish I could show you if we had time here when it's over I probably I show you the link. But it's tricky though. Why, Why, why still live there then? Because Emini here. You, you like the only one ain't like, it's not like you Jack Hollow. Nah, I be moving around. I moving around but it's my people still like, you know what I'm saying? Like and then it's like I done try to be like, I not try, I am like a positive, you feel me?

(40m 49s):
Like life for the city. So Ain ain't, I can't let them make me feel like they don't know what's going on so they can't, they not finna make me feel like I'm doing something wrong just for being around like y'all don't know what's going on. Like so whatever. Like they won't, they won't young niggas to see like bullshit all day. Like I never seen no like we never seen no Lamborghini, no Rolls Royce, nothing. It's not none of that in Louisville. Like you don't even get to see it. We don't got no basketball team. It ain't no pro football team. So we don't see nobody with money. Yeah. Like, you know white people's money, they, they show it a little different. Ain't no like we ain never seen no shit like that.

(41m 30s):
So when I'm pulling through the hood and my cars and they know I own these cars, I bought these cars cash and they half a million dollars. Ain ain't about to let the police stop at from, I might motivate a, you feel me? Somebody that I don't even know. I'm motivating to go do something crazy 'cause it was something that I seen that motivated me. You know what I'm saying? I ain't, I ain't really, and they, I don't know. I just ain't gonna let nobody dictate my, my life or what I, you know what I'm saying? Like I'm gonna do what need to be done. You invest in the city in other ways. Like you buy property, open up businesses. I'm trying to buy Tubman right now. What's Tub? What's that? Tubman is a street in the neighborhood like a little cul-de-sac but been, I'm trying to, trying To buy the whole Cul-de-sac and then they got like a little, see I got see he got like a, I don't wanna say low budget, but it's like a little low budget.

(42m 20s):
It's not a farm. But this, I don't know who this man got a horse like I don't know why he got a horse in the hood, but it's a horse like two horses. It might be more than two horses. But it's like, what else he got over? He got a, it's a low budget. It's like a low budget love mini farm but it's like a low farm. It's like why is this right here? But I, I could, when I see me seeing that made me want to, you feel me? Like all of this right here could probably be something. Yeah. Yeah. I just want to, you know what I'm saying, get it and it ain't even that high. But That's smart though. You can't But I like investing in people like I said though. 'cause I really, I might, I might not have the best ideas And I ain't one of them people that think my idea's the best idea just 'cause I had it.

(43m 3s):
So if I know, if you feel me, you, if you got the means to make your idea come to fruition, then I'm, I might not need to be hands on with whatever you, your idea of it is. But if it's a money thing or a resources thing or a visibility thing, I know that I can help with that. You feel That's perfect. I got a whole bunch of things I'm trying to like drop. So What you trying to do? What you got going on? Yo? I'm trying to come up with a heated toilet. A heated toilet? Yeah. They got that already. How you know where, who got it? What's our homie's name? Damn. It's a homie. Yeah. One of my homies got the heated toilet right now. We definitely got the heated Toilet. They got heated Toilet. I Ain Ain ain't found one yet. I be having some of our ideas though, so I'm glad you got the braid.

(43m 45s):
What Else? Another name, another one for him. I got You. He rubbing his chin now he ready, he ready to trick off right now. She Ain't ready Back business. He Don't really got it ready. She don't really got it ready right now. It sound good But you but you can't say My email's open though. You can't Say it's your hood if you don't own none of it. You can though. Not Really. You know that owning stuff, it be tricky. It's like you can own the house but you really don't own it. And then like you can even own and have the deed and it still be might be a little tricky part. Like they can come and get you up off of there. So do we really own, you know what I'm saying? If Be paying in full, But if I'm from right here though, my, if my And I feel like we really don't know where, but if I, if my family's from right here and this is my spot, you know what I'm saying?

(44m 32s):
This is my community then. You know what I'm saying? And it's that. Absolutely. You I remember they were saying on Twitter, I don't be on Twitter but I heard this. See I don't be on Twitter either. Was trying to say it on my people show and, And I don't, I don't, I don't even got the Twitter app or the TikTok App. I ain't been on there in like eight, nine years. But they said never. They were saying that you, you were trying to get off CMG. Why do they be saying that? I don't know man. It a, I'm regular nigga shout out 'cause I don't really feel me. I think his name is the game Spitter it nigga drive like a semi-truck. He do his videos like it looked like he's in the back of his semi-truck taking a break.

(45m 12s):
When he feel me running his loads back wherever he gotta go. He like, he drive for Amazon or something bro. Stop saying that man. Yo, SCG, he's trying to get away from your guardian CMG and he's unhappy. What are you talking about? Like, I don't know where he'd be. It'd be, is he from your city like this? No, I don't know where this nigga is. Not from Louisville not driving no truck making a YouTube video. Hell nah, he ain't from Louis. We would've flood him tires. I don't know. But he, it ain't ain't no problem though man. You feel me? But just stop doing then his cap, you know the captions on the videos on YouTube might be like, it might be something vicious.

(45m 53s):
TG leaves cmmb. GG says F all of F your guy C mg. Yeah and he threw his chain in the ocean. Damn. I gotta go to the room and check. You gotta see where your chain is. Throw my shit. Hey Yo. You ever get any calls from Gotti? Gotti be like, man are we good? We be laughing all the time about, Okay, Okay. We laugh all the time but Gotti, we, me and Gotti's like this, we don't be, I don't, we understand real life and not real life And I know if I don't know this man and you don't know him, like it is just funny. Like it's real stuff going on in the in in life in The World and like stuff like that.

(46m 35s):
I don't know. I ain't turning my back on nobody to help me get to me right Up. You feel me? We gonna figure it out, we gonna fight or whatever. But I don't think me and Gotti ever come to nothing like that. Gotti one of the most solid successful black CEOs that we've seen in the last decade, Ain Ain't let you do your thing. Like yeah, if, if you hear me, like I don't want to get, but it like if, if you don't, I hate to even say it too 'cause but if you don't work out, like if your, I hate to say it like this, but if your career don't work out and you a Gotti, it's probably something. You feel me? Like it's Something that you doing And I hate to say it like that.

(47m 17s):
Yeah. You feel me? Because really like if you feel strong about something, he let you do your thing. Like, alright, now if it don't work, it's on you. It's on you. But he's still not, it ain't, well he still going to talk to you like, damn, it didn't work, did it? So, I don't know, like Gotti's, like a, I don't know. They, I feel like he don't get enough recognition. I don't, I I agree. I think it's because all of y'all got so, such strong individual personalities like you Gloria, little Moneybag, yo, y'all might need to start screaming CMG more. Man, I think it's just, and I'm gonna say this, they make it tricky sometimes though because I feel like we do.

(48m 2s):
But it's like if you go for a little while without, with not, then it be questions like it like what's going on since like, I don't know, like do all the speculations and all that. Do do do do do. Elon Musk gotta be like man, and shout out to Tesla and NASA man before we get outta here. Every time he go and do his thing, then you just know that's what it is. He ain't gotta be like, man, fuck with the model X and we ready send something to Space man. You know what I'm saying? That's real. You just know what's up. I also think this generation don't respect the label crew no more. Like they used to, like we grew up on Ruff Riders and Rocka cash money. And I think what would've probably helped though more with that is if it start being like exclusive label tools us.

(48m 46s):
Yeah. Yeah. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like if yo label just go out on tour with yo label artists, it probably will bring like what people want see like more to maybe it's the comradery and it's probably not who y'all, y'all probably ain't tripping by seeing Gotti with us individually. Maybe it's seeing like Gotti's artists with each other. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But so, but he can't control that, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That ain't on Gotti because You ain't got nobody from C mg on the album. I don't. No. Nah. You talking about you don't. Not on the news. Not that I seen. Unless, unless he is got Lil Baby Travis Vs. And vs. Andras on his, not that I know. See Ain ain't gonna lie. Baby's like an honorary CMG, he's like, you feel me?

(49m 28s):
He like 5% C mg or something like that. Y'all just, you know it's behind the scenes. Oh I ain't know that. And then you feel me, I don't, I don't know like we got it Little baby sign the CMG, He's like 5%. You know, it's like a little like you you, we ain't how them, we both got four two Doug, right? Yeah, yeah. Four, two. Yeah. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. There's stuff going on right there, but Gotti ain't tripping about it if I didn't have nobody from C mg on that And I ain't really thinking about it like that either. Yeah. And then me and Doug, we probably got 1000 songs, 1000 even. So it's if I wanted to add some, you feel me, cmg, we got plenty to choose from.

(50m 10s):
Right. But when I be making songs it'd be like in a like two, three week time. So if I'm not around you or with you, like I ain't sending the song to you for you to do it. Like if you ain't right there around me with me then we probably ain't going, you know what I'm saying? But I ain't like I got something I don I need you to get on this. Like, nah. Hey, speaking of the internet, I hate to ask you this messy shit, but there, there was a a, a video of a woman claiming she was your sister man. And she said that you, her and her five kids were homeless with no support. Shout out to that woman man. Was that really your sister?

(50m 50s):
Let us pray God that the kids is all right now, you feel me? That whoever she was, she stopped getting on Instagram and she don't have her receipts. She gotta make sure she got receipts when she say what she say. But let's just pray for the kids'. Hope the kids is good. Right. Right. You know what I'm saying? Are those your nieces and nephews? The kids? We just hope that the kids are straight. God bless the children word. You Feel me? Are we getting the Ain ain't feeling you too? Probably not this spring, but definitely lay something fall for sure.

(51m 31s):
Okay, Now talk to me about this record crash is, you know I'm, I really don't like that song but red is crazy. It's on your goddamn album. How you say you don't like a song on your album? I What did you talk about G? Because, because yesterday The reason why it came out like that though, listen though me my fault, That would be the one turned into a hit watch. But the reason why I said it because yesterday they asked me about it and I'm like bro, I don't really like that song for real. But Gotti was like, man, I think we should put that on there. I'm like all but what you say? Why don't you like it? I don't know. It just ain't, you know what I'm saying? I don't know. It just not my favorite one. I'll go ask you what crash mean. Like is that another word for getting a nut? Because you say I want, I want sex with you bad, but can't no bitch make me crash, want Sex with you bad man, bitch make me crash.

(52m 17s):
Crash could be like fucking no bitch. Or it could be like making a bad decision. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. You feel me? Double one times or triple on times depending on, you feel me? What I'm saying before, because I said I just want to crash like a high speed. I just want to crash like I'm going to sleep. Mm. Crash. When you going to sleep? I just want to crash. What? What else I said, I said a few crash motherfuckers. Do you like to get crashed in? Jess sometimes Crashed in, I don't think it go like if Paul, I knew what he was implying though. What was he even implying? Oh we trying young slang. That's what I'm asking. 46. You like to be crashed in? That's what I'm asking. Crash. I never How old Are you?

(52m 58s):
47. Damn for real? Yes sir. We UNCs man. Y'all like The Yeah, but, but in New York I feel like whatever area is y'all love, like about y'all stay right there. Not me, I'm from South Carolina So whatever. Whatever age you got to and you was like, I like it Charlamagne. You stay right there. I don change these. Hell you gotta constantly evolve. I'm from South Carolina though. I keep On being for me not to say Charla. Maa. I don wanna say So. You Say it. I get that all. I watch that video. I don't know why I watched that video. I be out in the street, people like Char McAdee. I'm like, what up? And he answers Why, what was he doing when he read that moment?

(53m 38s):
Like he was reading But he was bottled though wasn't he? Nah, I could picture he, he sweating and all. I don remember damn. I got some names on, got some names. He was reading another language. Just say that was crazy baby. He might have on pajamas or something too. Did he? Nah, nah nah. Like nah. He was good. He had the polo on or something. Yeah, the polo on pajama pants. What you want hear off the album man? What you want us to play? Crash? Yeah, play Crash. You say You don't wanna play Crash, you Ain't Now you forcing him. What you want hear Houston? I don Hear Houstonville. Houstonville. Yeah, baby and Travis Scott. Me Baby and Travis Scott. All Right, well let's get into that now. The album is out today. Make sure you pick it up. I ain't feeling you. Hey, keep growing my brother for sure.

(54m 19s):
Yes sir. I'm trying to get Seven Foot. That's right. ESTG is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.

(54m 33s):
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to stay locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night Football Prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime Video and Kickback with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.

(55m 7s):
Hi, I'm Arturo Castro And I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(55m 41s):
Calling all Yellowstone fans. Let's Go to work. Join Bobby Bones on the official Yellowstone podcast for exclusive cast interviews behind the scenes insights, and a deep dive into the themes that have made Yellowstone a cultural phenomenon. Our Family legacy news, this rich And I protective of my life. Listen to the official Yellowstone podcast now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(56m 11s):
I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Brown and Mariah Rose and we've got a new podcast full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.