
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now Consider this is a Daily News podcast and lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change? Day one change. What will change look like for energy Drill Baby drill schools? Take the department education, close it. Healthcare better And less expensive. Follow Coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our Promises and consider this from NPR. Listen on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts,


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman. Historical records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat and Another one Gone. A Tip Bud. A cap's, another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and Did, you know, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. He's back with a new book out right now, the Wind on Her Tongue. Ladies and gentlemen, Anita ak welcome. Thank you. Thank you. It is so awesome to be back here. That's Right. Book two of the daughters of th the Daughter of Three Waters Trilogy. Yes, yes, yes. Tell us what the wind in the tongue is. Wind on Her tongue is all about a, So the wind on her tongue is about Oya, who is the daughter of Yea whom our first novel Shallow Waters is about.


Yah. And so Oya is her daughter. And not only in my stories, but in the ancient parables and in the, the religion of the Yoruba people. The Iffa. And so Oya is the goddess of the wind and storms and so many other things. But I think one of the things that mainstream might know her as like storm the character in X-Men. Oh she is kind of fashioned after Oya. So Oya can like change the weather and bring So this year, which is 2025 is a number nine year.


That's right. Which is over change number. Yes. The end, right? This is the end. This is when there's a lot of transformation. Things are moving fast. And we can tell as soon as 2025 started, right? Like what this year is. And so this is really the energy of Oya and that was not on purpose that this book was coming out on a year nine. So In the opening of the book, it's, it's not like that first chapter. I don't know if it's the Forward or the the note, but you talk about how like in black communities we're not really allowed to talk about these like folklores that other communities and other ethnicities are able to talk about. And it made me think about how like with your grandma, even with my grandma, certain things, she's like, turn that off.


That's demon Monica. That's not God. Or, but then they have certain things that they lean into. How do you have those conversations with your family? 'cause you're putting this on the forefront And I'm sure some of your family is like, girl, what are you doing? Absolutely. And the thing is, is that I've had these conversations like way earlier from the beginning. 'cause I would be like, well what do you mean? Like we can't learn about our history. We can't learn about our like gods and goddesses, our parables. Right? Our stories. Why is it demonic Who said it's demonic? We know who said it's demonic. Right? And so it's like we've, I've definitely You mean white people? White people. Yeah. I got my aunts be saying it, but they got it from somewhere.


Well That, but they got it from somewhere. Right? They got it from somewhere. 'cause it's like, it's, it's where our ancestors are from. It's us. It's like who we are. And so even if you're not gonna practice the religion, you know, like, it's like, oh, but can't we know our history? Like why is it demonic? To know our history, to know the stories and they know them. Like if you think of like some of the prac, the whooo practice practices, it's like in our families, like, you know, if you're going to beginning of the year, you wanna have black eye peas, you know, fried chicken. Exactly. And so it's like, we're doing it, we're doing it. But you know, it's, it, there's just that, that fine line. But I think more and more people are waking up because it's in us.


It's in us. And like it, a part of it is our power. Remembering our power, remembering who we are. And, and so there's not really any stopping. We can burn books, we can do whatever it is you, it's inside of us. It's inside of us. And at some point some of us are gonna remember, some of us are gonna write it down. Right. And who knows who's gonna be inspired by this book, right. To create more things and remember more things. So what Made you dive into all of this? I know you were here before you briefly explained, but for people that that this is the first time hearing, what made you dive into this part of it? So to me, I felt like Oya, not Oya, yea like dove into me.


'cause I was, I would say curious, but not like, I wasn't, I I wasn't practicing the religion or anything, but I had a lot of friends who were, and someone had told me that yah watched over our ancestors as they came over on the slave ships. And I was just like, what? We had a black mermaid, like watching over us, watching over the Souls that jumped off. And I was like, what is this? I was like, I don't know these stories. And, and I'm a curious person. So I was like, I, I wanna learn about this. And so as I was diving in, I just felt so connected.


The more and more I learned, the more I felt like I woke up, the more I felt like I was going home. And I was like, what is this? And so at some point I decided to, you know, write the book. And as I was writing the book, to me it felt like for Shallow waters, it felt like y Meah was sitting at the edge of the bed telling me the story. And, and so there were things that I had to look up after to make sure that, you know, histor there, these are both historical fiction. And so the history part, I definitely had to like look up, make sure that it all made sense. And of course, you know, the publishers, they helped me with that as well too, to keep me on point.


But I would say if I just felt such a calling to it. And then what was interesting was when Shallow Waters came out, African Ancestry got ahold of me and they're like, do you wanna see like where your ancestry's from? And I was like, yeah, actually that would be kind of dope. And it is. It's Yoruba and Haa. Wow. And so I was like, oh, it's because it was, it's in me. Got you. That's why I felt so connected. You know, you wrote an article for People Magazine, break it down, the parallels between Wickeds Alba, how you pronounce their name, Elba Elba. Yes. And, and Oye. And how they defy the gravity of social norms and expectations.


Break, break that down. Mm. So when I watched Wicked And I saw Alphabet's character, I was like, oh, this is Oya. Right? Like, like how nobody understands her. How when she gets mad, this power comes out of her. She doesn't understand the power and then someone else has to understand it first. You know, help her to like hone it. And there were so many things how she just stood up against the like, societal norms Right. And was able to be herself. And she did have to go through her own journey and different relationships in order to do that. So Oya is, is very similar where she has this power within her of the storm and gathering up, right.


The energy of the, the the nature and all of these things. And in the beginning it's just happens when she's mad. Right? And I don't wanna tell the story, but you know, that's right. She, she learns about herself and about her powers. And what was really cool about what I found out after I wrote that article is that who Pha Bis character is fashioned after, which is Matilda Jocelyn Gage. That's Tilly in Shallow Waters. Wow. That's Matilda Joscelyn gage. Like when I was doing like the research and everything And I was like, I like this woman. Like, she was like, she was like fighting.


She, she was a white woman, she was a suffragette. She fought for black and indigenous rights. She fought for even child slavery as far as like trafficking back then. She did so many things. And I was like, I like this woman. So I made her Tilly and she, that's who Alphabet is fashioned after. Wow. I had no idea. Wow. Now you talk about the, the 16th truths. Break that down a Little bit. Oh, oh, oh listen, okay, I put that onto my Instagram because I'm not a, I would say I don't know everything about Iffa, right?


And I know like one, like one of the truths that is very important is know thyself, right? Like really knowing yourself even before you find what Orisha. So the Orisha are like the, the energies that represent the different, the natural forces in The World. So this is, she's a storm weather. Y Meah was the ocean, right? And so they're not necessarily gods and goddesses. We, I just, we Just say that for the purpose here, right? So they're, they're more like spirits. And so even before you really know who's on your head, that's what they will say who's on your head.


Like what Orisha rules you, you have to know yourself. And so really connecting to yourself and your ancestors and what you were born for. And so that, you know, to me would be one of like the most important truth in efa. When you were growing up, did you know you wanted to be a writer? Oh my gosh, because you're In the arts Emini here, Let me tell you. Just, just, just scroll And I see you a tap dancer. You are, you know, you do so much. Did you know that you wanted to be in the arts? So I, I was a like math and science nerd. Like I went to uc, Berkeley, I went to uc, Berkeley with my bestie Isha Rocks here.


And she actually did my makeup. Okay. So, And I did civil engineering. So I was very much like math science nerd, but I always loved storytelling And I am dyslexic. So I actually didn't think I could be a writer. Like that wasn't really like, I was like, I can't spell shit. You know, like, I'm like, fuck, that's all of us up Here. Yeah. Okay, good. And so I didn't think I could be a writer until my senior year. They're like, Anita, if you don't take freshman English, you're not gonna graduate. And I was like, damn, I gotta take Freshman English, freshman English senior year Got all the way through without doing it.


Yes. 'cause I had, you know, I was doing crazy math classes, science, all of that. And they're like, you need to take freshman year, you About to fail for Freshman English, you're not gonna graduate. And so I took the class And I fell in love with it. I fell in love with the storytelling and all of that. And so I was like, actually, is this what I wanna do? And I loved learning about the African diaspora, the different places within the diaspora, the people, how are we, how are we alike? How are we different? And what wakes up inside of us? Like you can't really describe what wakes up inside of us when we learn more and more about our true ancestry.


'cause it's like you getting closer and closer to home and there's these energies and people are like, you're glowing. What is that? And so I feel like that's kind of what happened. And once I hit that, I was like, oh, I'm, I'm a storyteller. I gotta figure this shit out. I gotta, and luckily The World has turned into a place where I don't have to know how to spell. You know, I, I want you to go deeper into who Oye is, right? Because you dedicate the book to a lot of your friends who have experienced, you know, stillborn births and miscarriages and Oh yeah. Is an African goddess who watches over women who have had stillborns and miscarriages.


So can you expand on that a little bit? Yes. That just gave me chills because to know that there is an energy or a goddess out there that is watching over women who have lost children. So I've told you about my time when I went to Peru And I did Ayahuasca and San Pedro, right? And so when I did San Pedro, my ancestors came to me. Well, San Pedro. So San Pedro is it, I believe it's a cactus and and it's, it a drug, I guess Plant-based medicine. A plant-based medicine. Plant-based medicine. Plant medicine.


And, and so you, you go into the space, like you just get deeper in touch with this, with the energies around. To me it felt like I was more in touch with the invisible energies that are around. And so my ancestors came to me and they said, what is happening right now is that so many of us are dealing with the loss of children, whether it was us or our ancestors down the line who had lost children, lost children through, through death, through being taken away in, during slavery. So many people are suffering from that, that we're trying to hold on to everything. So that's why people have clutter.


That's why people think they have to keep things and like, like as if we can own anything ever. Right? Right. And so that's what the ancestors told me. And so then when I found out that Oya watches over women who had lost babies in any form, right? Like the stillbirths, miscarriages, even abortions, right? Like, it's like you've, you've lost a child and she helps with the healing and she helps with, you know, getting us, because she is the goddess of the storm. She's the goddess of transformation.


So she moves things around so that if there is a healing like that, that needs to happen because that's such a deep wound. She comes and she blows the shit away So that, so that you can heal. It's crazy because in your writing, a lot of times I can relate it to things like how you talked about like the black eye peas and the fried chicken. And I'm like, oh yeah, that's what they were doing. But with that I couldn't relate it to anything. And I'm like, I don't think I've ever had a conversation in my family just about what happens if you have a miscarriage and how you feel. I don't even know. I'm sure it has happened, but I don't know any close family members that have ever talked to me about it. Yeah.


Because people don't talk about it and they definitely have, right? Like someone has, it's in all of our families, right? If it hasn't happened to you, it's like happened to someone who's close to you. And it's, a lot of times people just go through it in silence and go to work right? In a couple days and, and not, you know, like not be able to deal with it. And we know that if we hide things away that just keep growing and growing and growing. And so it's so important to have a place and a way to heal from these things. And I'm also a spiritual psychologist. I, I, so I do deal with people in that way as far as guiding people through trauma and things like that.


I do it with the Goddess Wisdom Council. We have a retreat that's coming up in, in Costa Rica. So a lot of times I work with women who have experienced some form of sexual trauma. That's one of my things that I work with a lot. And what is interesting with that too is that it's not always directly like a woman can be like, oh my gosh, I don't remember anything happening to me, but I notice the way I act. It's as if something happened. So it could be something that she doesn't remember or it could be something that happened in her family line because if it did happen to her grandmother, right?


Like she's passing it down. Like what's inside of us is what was in our ancestors. So, you know, Can you break down the parallels that you make with Oya and the black woman trope, angry black woman. And then you talk about duality too. 'cause you talk about how like the hurricanes are like so strong and people hate them, but then after sometimes they reveal beautiful things and people come together to get through them. Yes. Yes. So that was actually one of the things that came up for me with Oya a lot because


Piece of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stretch free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve, or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction and all conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The indicator is a podcast where daily economic news is about what matters to you. And we're guessing most days that's money Workers have been feeling the sting of Inflation. So as a new administration promises action on the cost of living taxes and home prices, the s and p 500 biggest post-election day spike ever follow all the big changes and what they mean for you. Make America affordable again. Listen to the indicator from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get podcasts.


I was actually kind of afraid at first to write about her 'cause I was like, oh, Oya scares me a little bit. She's a beast. She's an unbeatable warrior. Like that's who she is. She's an unbeatable warrior. Like, like don't fuck with her. And I was like, oh, I'm a little bit scared to write about Oya. And then when I started like learning about her and writing about her and listening to her, I was like, oh shit, it's like the angry black woman. Like people being afraid of the angry black woman. I was like, she's not angry. She's just powerful and just 'cause you can't handle it. Right? Just 'cause they, you know, just 'cause I couldn't handle it, right?


Like from from what I thought about her, it was like, no, she is just powerful. And I think it's that misunderstanding that like, people misunderstand that like a black person, a black woman is just saying what she needs. Oh, she's angry, right? She's just telling people that she doesn't like something. Oh, she's angry. And we know other people say that they don't like things all the time. White, white people, other white, especially white men. Exactly. Do you think that these, these, these, these these goddesses possess you when you're writing? Like do they, are they like guiding you?


Like, Hey, I need you to tell this story about me, So I gotta tell you something. Because yes, I had an experience like that, so I didn't necessarily feel like that. So with Yemy, I felt like she was sitting at the edge of my bed, right? Telling me with Oya, I wasn't sure. I, I couldn't quite, I didn't feel like I was possessed, but at the end when I finished writing, I like the, after I wrote the last word, I was like, let me go downstairs. I put on some music And I started dancing and all of a sudden I just started bawling crying. And it felt like she was coming out of me. Like, it was just like, And I don't know where these tears were coming from, it was just like, And I was just like, oh my gosh, was she, I didn't, I it didn't feel like it, I don't know, I don't know what it feels like to be possessed, but it didn't feel like it in that way.


But it did feel like I was definitely guided. She was telling me the story. She was telling me who needed to be in it. You know, some of the characters I, I love to work with, with historical figures. So like Marie Lavoe and Mary Ellen Pleasant. So Ellen is named Ellen Mary, Ellen Pleasant Is Ellen in the book? Because sometimes she was, people called her Ellen or Mamie Pleasant. But anyway, when I was looking up Mary Ellen Pleasant, I was like, who is this woman? How come I don't know about her? She before Madam CJ Walker, she was, she was the first self-made millionaire woman.


And this is not just black women, it's women. She's the first one before Madam CJ Walker. And I was like, how come I didn't learn about her was because she was a voodoo queen. So they don't wanna teach that in school. She was also a madam, that's not how she made like most of the her money, but she, she found co-founded Bank of California, which is now Wells Fargo. She's like, did so many things, invested in like in in gold, silver, a lot of real estate. And the thing is, while she was doing this, because of the time she was pretending that she was a mammy, so she was pretending that she was the help, right?


So she would dress up like the help, she had a 30 room mansion when people came by, she would pretend she was the help and then she would like serve the, the white men would be talking about the investments they're making. And she would take that and go do her inside training. Training. Wow. She was like, she was like the spook who sat by the door in a lot of ways. Yes. Yeah, yeah. And so wow. She was amazing. And I was like, why? How come I don't know about her? And so when I was studying about her, I saw that she studied under Marie Lavoe. And so that's kind of where I got all of the characters. And Marie Lavoe, oh my gosh. When I went to New Orleans to learn about, learn more about her, I had a tour guide and he was like, so what do you guys think when we, when I say voodoo and we're like, okay, African religion, you know, honoring ancestors.


And he was like, oh, thank God I don't have to like, you know, break down what it is because he's like, most people you say voodoo, they're like dark magic, you know, evil. Like all this stuff. Well, I'm from South Carolina, we say roots. Yeah, Roots Put roots on you. Yes. Yeah, Exactly right. And so, so when I learned about her through his eyes, you know, she's, she's a healer, right? She's most of the people who have actually met her and talked about her, they were saying how she helped them and how she was a healer. And then, you know, in stories and in pop culture, she's still like seen as like a voodoo queen who drank baby's blood.


But none of that Emini here, as far as I know, none of that happened When I read Shallow Waters, you know, four or five years ago, whenever it was, I didn't know it was gonna end up being a, a trilogy. Did You know that? I I didn't know either. Okay. But but listen, when people kept going, it's a trilogy. And I was like, no, no, it's done. The story finished, it's done. And they're Oh, so people said That to You, people so many people're, like it's a trilogy. It's a trilogy. Did you say that to me? I don't remember. But why? I wonder why a trilogy? I wonder why. I don't know. Like why doesn't it keep going on? So, so well the daughter of three waters, let me tell you where that comes from. Okay. Because in Cuba usually you have just the two Orishas on your head, a male and a female.


And so that would be who like kind of rules you or rules kind of the energies of your life. And they have one thing in Cuba where if it feels like you have Yme and ou they'll say, oh, that's a daughter of, of, of two waters. Because she, you can have that in, in Cuba, everywhere else, they don't really have that. And so I was like, oh, well Oya feels like water for me too, so that's why I made that up. Daughter of three waters. Gotcha. So do you know what the third installment is gonna be about? I do. Oh, okay. So you came, you I do.


Are you gonna share it? Not yet. Do Emini here. It's, most people probably will figure out that it is ocean, so it will be ou And I do have the story, but I haven't Is o Is OU sitting on the edge of your bed or have he She is. She Is. Wait, okay. Wait, I'm, I'm trying to think if I should be sharing this yet. Probably not. Okay, let's focus on the window, on our tongue then it's out right now. You said something in your dedication that I found interesting too. You said you, you, you, you said that your mom, dad, and sisters for putting up with you as a child. Then you shouted at your children for putting up with you as an adult. Is there anything from your childhood that you have bought with you into adulthood that made you say, you say, I can't imagine adulthood named parenthood Not like this.


As a child, I was definitely like this as a child. Emini here, I, I was, I was very introverted though. I was quiet, but I was very much in my own world, like in this magical world all the time. And for my kids, I'm kind of more like one of the kids. It's not necessarily how I thought I would adult. I thought I was gonna be a little bit more strict. My mom, she's amazing, but she was definitely strict with us as well. Mom, I love you. That's, she's amazing. But you know, I couldn't fuck around, right? I thought I was gonna be like that and you know, I, I tried to be stricted for one second and to see like, like my kid, the way they responded to it, I was like, Nope, they don't take you serious.


Huh? This no, they don't take you serious. Are they artists as well? Like they are. Well, the, my two girls are okay. And then my son is math science. Got you. Yeah. Yeah. And it, my oldest one, Sadie, she's, she's 20, she's at NYU, she's like doing film and then Tela is a senior in high school and really into singing. She's actually yo, which I gotta talk to you about. She is writing the songs for Shallow Waters, the musical. Wow. Oh wow. Wow. And I like, she came in, you know, I was like 17-year-old. I was like, okay, yeah. She's like, I have a song And I wanna sing to you. I had chills.


I was like, oh, let's do it. Lin Manuel, where are you? So you Want shallow water to be a musical? Yo, When she sang the things I, I was like, yo, yo, you, you don't even know. I was like, okay, we're we're doing this. Let me, let me find Lemon Manuel. So, so she's into like, like the, definitely into the arts. And then my son Mayan is math science. He's, he told me he can't imagine a world where he's not figuring something out like math wise. So they're all like parts of me, right? Like, yeah, I don Know. But you know, it's interesting because when you talk about de books being filmed, if you've ever read Shallow Waters, if you read the Wind on her tongue, you're going to feel like you're, you know, watching emotion picture.


That's how much this stuff pops out, you know, on the page. So I know that's the next evolution of these stories. Yeah, they're gonna be on the big screen or the small screen. They're gonna be on the screen. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Absolute too. Going back real quick to something you said about voodoo, what point in The World did that switch? Because like, even when you're talking about it, I'm like, Ooh, I saying this word so much is like a no-no. Yeah. Especially around like your older older people. Oh yeah. Family. When did it switch from like, these people were healers roots to This is bad, stay away from it. You're possessed and you can't watch scary movies. Yeah. Like when did that switch? So that switched all during slavery when, when the, the Africans were enslaved. So they needed to keep us away from our religions. They needed to keep us away from our spirituality, from our language.


And so in order to, to do that, it's, they demonized it. And not only that, if you practice it, a lot of people were killed or beaten. And so all of these things were like, like just kind of like, I guess beaten into us, right? And, and then there was a point where the fact that it survived, right? Like what, what you resist persists, right? Like you can't beat shit outta people. It, it just doesn't work. Like the more you try to do that, the more the person becomes stronger in that. And so it's like this, these, these spirituality, the religion, all of these things survived these these times.


And a lot of times they kind of hid it behind Catholicism because Catholicism works with saints, right? And so each candle, right, like would be a certain saint, but they'd be like, oh yeah, but this is actually Yme Yeah. Behind this saint. And so they were able to, to work with their religion through Catholicism. Alright, well the new book, the Wind on Her Tongue is out right now. That's right when she Would pick it up. That's, it's available via Black Privilege Simon and shoots the publishing man. And you know, Anita, it is, how do you feel for your second book? You know, you, you wrote Shallow Waters. How does this feel to have another book published?


It feels so good. Like, I feel so grateful to you. Like the fact that you saw me, you recognized me, you recognized the work, you recognize the words that needed to be out there, the stories that needed to be out there. I feel so grateful that I'm able to get these stories out into the public. And it, I would say that's how I feel. Deep, deep gratitude. Well, if you are looking for some escapism rooted in some realism, the Window on Her Tongue by Anita AKs is available right now everywhere you buy books and the audio book is read by your sister. It is. Oh, I I was listening to it this Morning. Yeah. Audio book is read by my sister Michelle Atch and also shout out to Yai for bringing us together.


Absolutely. To Yai and she wanted to try to come to, but she wasn't able to. So Yes. And to, and tonight we will be at Green Light Bookstores. Yes. 7:30 PM It's on Fulton Street in Brooklyn. Yes, yes. Yeah, it's on Fulton Street. So we'll be there tonight at 7:30 PM having a conversation about the wind on her tongue. So we'll see Allall there tonight. Alright, well yes, green Light Bookstore in Brooklyn 7:30 PM Pick up The book now. And we appreciate you for joining us this morning. It Anita Ax, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now Consider this is a Daily News podcast and lately the news is about a big question. How much can one guy change? Day one change? What will change look like for energy Drill, Baby drill. We're schools take the department education, close it, Healthcare better And less expensive. Follow Coverage of a changing country. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promises And consider this from NPR. Listen on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts,


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the weeks Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A tip bud. A cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about c Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.