
There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything. That can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each. Well qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/iphone for Details@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste at moves you scan your Coke. Are Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the all new podcast there and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished A truck and two people just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for hire, but which victim was the intended target and why? Listen to their and gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration in the United States. Since it was established in 1861. There have been 3,517 people awarded with a medal. I'm Malcolm Gladwell and our new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeart Media is about those heroes, what they did, what it meant, and what their stories. Tell us about the nature of courage and sacrifice. Listen to Medal of Honor, stories of courage on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got some special guests in the building. Oh guys, host Of the Big Facts podcast. We got Big Bank and DJ Scream. What Up? What up, what up, what up, up. How y'all feeling? How y'all feeling man? Overly. What's Up? Overly blessed. Y'all don't like coming to New York. Y'all probably in and out. You nailed it. Nah, I Yeah, I be, when I get on a plane man, I land. I be had shit man. I don't like morning. You gotta get your morning shit out the way before you get on the plane. Flight was too early bro. What time y'all took off? Six. Oh, so y'all just touched down. Y'all came straight in. Straight. And what time y'all fly out?


Right where we live. See, See what I'm saying? Much lower than New York City man. I don't listen, I don't blame you. Now talk to us about the big facts podcast man. We said we actually just started a network. The big Facts Network. Yep. Yep. So we came to talk about the new release. We got perspective perspectives With bank banks spinoff. He's spinning off You. know what I mean? I like to see that bank be throwing on a suit. Yeah. You. know what I'm saying? He be getting suited and bought like that right now. Word. Nah. So yeah and we trying to sign podcasts too. I'm try to find like one of those jewels. I think we found one. You think you got One? Yeah, I think we found one but trying to help some people get into podcasting.


Plus Jade about to do, I rather hang with Jade screen. Got stuff coming. Just trying to build more content. You know What's The biggest, the biggest, the biggest You know thing you have to tell people about podcasting. Like what do you think? Like, I don't wanna say a misconception, but what is the what? What do people believe about podcasts that you gotta let them know Like, hey man, that ain't what you think it is. Shit that it gonna be easy. Right? Everybody gonna fuck with you, everybody ain't gonna fuck with you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That just what it is. Everybody aint fuck with you gotta pick the people that well cater to the people that really fuck with you. That's how I look at it. And don't go outside yourself because you can't go watch Charlemagne. I'm finna do what Charlemagne do. I can't do that. Even though I be wanting to, I can't because niggas gonna take mine literal You.


know what I'm saying? I'm in the whole war by speaking my mind. So Oh he be, he being some more, I'm just saying You know. Yeah. Not like it used to be though. Yeah, yeah. Nah, it calmed Down a lot. It used to be worse back in the day. Like back in What you learn. I mean you just had, I mean back then it was just different. We was younger. That's when people would come to the radio station wanna fight you You know we was outside in the clubs like Yeah like people don't realize this era is so used to being behind the microphone and doing things from the comfort of their house. Yeah. When you outside it is a different ball game. And y'all are saying y'all outside, y'all out there. Yeah. Yeah. So you can't just talk and You know it's all good. Gotta back this shit up. Exactly. Exactly. What do you think made the Big Facts podcast take off the way it did?


Oh shit. Just like I said, we just stayed, stayed to the street like, like our whole thing was the screen tell you that we always wanted to catch the people like right there before they, before they cross over into You know learn how to be media trained. So I be wanting that conversation right there If. you go back and see, we see we had Dirt Baby Know when they was right there. Finn Gorilla You. know what I'm saying? So I like that conversation. Yeah, You like to catch 'em before they know really what they saying and they just talk and just diarrhea mouth. I call it You know after that media training it's like all right, don't go in there and say this and don't this and then people wanna give you talking points and all other stuff. That kind of water down the, and sometimes that's necessary, we get it.


But like we just want to have authentic conversation. We ain't trying to put nobody under the bus either. We don't help heal some, some street beefs and all that type of stuff. Like we had a purpose behind doing big facts You. know what I'm saying? Sure. And I gotta salute him for being consistent. 'cause that, that's what I was a little nervous about at first. Like bro you gonna do it for real? Like nah banks start showing up before me You. know what I'm saying? He took it serious so I gotta salute him on that. That Shit became therapy Did it. Sure. Because you, you, you letting that shit out at least some of your thoughts You know what I'm saying? You be trying to hold too much. I mean what this is this Breakfast Club Club. You beeping it right? You can curse. You Curse. Yeah. You said what?


This is you Curse You know niggas be trying to hold so much shit in. That's how you explode. I don't watch a lot of niggas explode. I almost explode. So what was your, what was your the most surprising interview or or conversation you guys have had that you were surprised it went the way that it went And Birdman was big. Our Birdman was big too. Yeah, Y'all, y'all Was me on the phone with Birdman. It was no conversation. Yas was the Biggest bank. Bank put me on the phone with Birdman. You Did wait recently or it was a while ago. Like after y'all did that right at the interview? Yeah, yeah, yeah. For some healing right? Hmm, some healing. Yeah. Yeah. It was a good conversation. I mean it was, it was brief but You know it be A lot of people come in there that tune you thinking it's finna be some bullshit.


They had the best ones You. know what I'm saying? To me like the best conversation like the energy shit be like damn, I ain't know they was going You. know what I'm saying? I was gonna fuck with that conversation like that. So I can't really just say nothing off top. I love all them. How have y'all felt about the evolution of the game? 'cause You know Scream You was the DJ Mixtape. DJ Bank used to rap, right? I tried. But you I tried. He had a hit. Yeah you did Right Hit. No, I wasn't never a rapper though. I just, I had a record label but Duct tape. Yeah. Yeah. We tried a, tried a song and it went up for a second. But that rapping wasn for me. Yeah. But Duct Tape made a big mark in Atlanta now with All Boy and all that ain't like y'all just came and went. Oh nah, hell nah.


We set the tone. Yeah, for sure. So How have y'all liked the evolution of that to go from that to being in the media space now? It's peaceful. It is more peaceful. Man, stay irrelevant is just a blessing too. You know what I'm saying? Just to be able to reinvent and just do different stuff. That's a big blessing. 'cause a lot of people can't do that. Oh nah, that's, that's why I folks stream man. He pushed he, he pushed me to be to think outside of the way. I be wanting to think You, know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Like, nah bro, nah let's start Network, go ahead, let's do this perspective with Bank. Help me You. know what I'm saying? Do that bro. Like push me towards my strong points and You know we all need people like that. When when did you tell yourself Bank man You know I gotta start doing some internal work and just evolve from You know wherever you were at.


'cause it's visible. Like you can see it, you can see it physically, you can see it mentally, emotionally with you. Like what was the turning point Around 2020 when they started out on Rico. See It. Shit. You talking about You getting nigga mind right with that shit. Yeah. Yep. Round time. That's all I was gonna Ask you. With all the stuff was going on with with artists now and the record labels now, do you feel like it's changed and and you wouldn't wanna be a part of having a label now and in in these artists now period?


Shout out my son little man. He, he doing his thing. He signed the Epic records but that's the only way like family like him, I help him out. But I still, like I told him I'm not posting all that type of music. I don't even listen to it. So I would be a hypocrite You. know what I'm saying? I listen to it sometimes but I ain't pushing that. But I'm a hundred percent with him. But I don't, I can't do that music shit. What kind Of music does he do? You know? Same typical goddamn. Oh trap shit. Bring your mama house up, shit. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You ain't never to the side like son. You ain't even like that. I can't tell him that. Oh because he Shit, He that kinda son, he 26, 27.


How long he Like two, three. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Yep. But nah, that music shit ain't, it's too many egos man. You know what I'm saying? Can't no nigga, you can't tell no nigga that shit whack. You can't. It's just too many egos. And then soon as a nigga especially trying to have recollec, as soon as a nigga get on, all he gonna know is they saying his name in the crowd You. know what I'm saying? Env Env en that shit. When you come out stage you really looking like Bro I don't really need y'all. Yeah you forget about The work. They saying my name. They ain't even saying nobody. I'm doing the work I'm doing. But you the product.


Yeah. That shit just too much. I agree. You aint Dan, you wouldn't mess with it no more scream either, Man. I want some positivity You. know what I'm saying? Positivity. Positivity. Positive like the water positivity man You know what I'm saying? I just feel like, like God blessed us with this hip hop like looking at 50 years of hip hop and it, it fed. It fed so many people change so many lives. I feel like so many people just taking it for granted. I think that's why we getting a lot of this pushback. Like You know some people losing their lives and some other stuff. 'cause we just take it for granted. It's really a blessing You know what I'm saying? So it's tough. Do you think Atlanta embraces, embraces their role in in hip hop the way they should like You know?


'cause literally the last 20, 25 years has been all a TL. I don't know what hip hop would be if a TL wasn't booming the way that is. Yeah, it Is. IIII mean it. What other run other than New York? Like what other who's, who's had a better run like Atlanta had a Hell Than Atlanta. Hell Of a run. Do you think the artists is still taking it serious though? Or do you think they starting to take it for granted? Oh in Atlanta. Yeah. Shit all nigga done got Rich now. Yeah Shit. People Ready You know what I'm saying? I don't know. I don't think they taking it for granted though. It's just everything running its course. Right. Because there's some, most cities going up now. Memphis. Memphis, Memphis. Yeah absolutely. They going up like I think every, but it's still in the south though because Memphis nigga and another nigga kind of sort of saying just talk different But, and you still gotta kind of, you still gotta pop in Atlanta.


Yeah I think in order to really have a a, a footprint. Mm for Sure. You think so? For sure. I don't know. Nah, you got the internet been popping some niggas ass off. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But you still want Atlanta Atlanta's such a big market though. If, you got a hot record, you want to, you want that record in in Atlanta. You want hear in Atlanta clubs and Atlanta lounges, you want to hear in Atlanta strip clubs like you wanna New York nightlife is dead. Like you saying that's the new stamp basically like Atlanta got a stamp like like back in the day I gotta get to New York. I think it's the same thing because like you look at New York nightlife, New York nightlife is dead like You know. Where do people usually go? They usually go, they go in Atlanta, they go to Houston. Those are the two places that they really go and party. They don't even like to stay in New York. You see Bank of Scream out in two hours, You know what I'm saying?


When Duval was here last time he did the same thing. He tried to add the plane to wait can y'all just wait? I'll be right back. That's true though. Now you do the hiking with Bank Bank, right? Yeah. What is that about? Like I said, it was something we started last year, June, we just actually did our anniversary, our one year height. Shout out to my brother Red from waiting no more. He really pushed me towards this You know trying to get my fitness together and the scream. But yeah, that's my partner in the hiking with bank. We started out, I used to just be in the woods and shit hiking and showing people I was in the woods. People like lemme go with you. Couple people went and Red actually was like man let's just, let's just You.


know what I'm saying? Do hiking with Bank You. know what I'm saying? Did the first one, it was in the rain like a hundred and something people man and shit was like crazy bro. When you If you up in Atlanta, we do your love that shit bro. It's like the energy just magnified You. Know what I'm saying? Like every, you could feel you everybody. I ain't seen a smile, a frown on nobody face. And you could see like from the first height to now, like how people been shedding weight like but you looking good by Mike d folk looking You, know what I'm saying? Different. Right, right, right. Just off of coming to get that energy and going throughout they month and doing their own thing. So I think that's the You know I enjoy the things that I make money off of of. But I think right now the hiking with bank is the like I get the best feeling from that shit outta anything in The World.


I do. What made you start hiking though? I mean because you just wanted to transform yourself physically. So they couldn't recognize you in a lineup. They yeah, That too but it was like shit. Yeah that ain't even him. He don't even look the same You know. But I was walking in, I started out on treadmill, that shit You know I had, you can get off the treadmill. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Then I started walking little tracks around the park. But then I seen white people coming outta the wood one day. Like damn white people come back the wood, I'm just being real like, but they, they sticks and shit. I'm like damn I'm gonna try that one day You. know what I'm saying? When they got me some hiking boot walked up in the woods and you get so far out you gotta get back.


So that's how I started pushing myself. Oh got you, got you. And inside of them woods and that water bro, I don't turn this shit like on like on there on Woke Niggas or No shit like that. But I'm saying in them woods bro. I don't know what to tell you bro. It's too much. It's too much oxygen and shit man. It's like this where we Supposed to be at man. I got a chapter in my new book called Tree Hug the Block And I. Talk about the benefits of nature because I'm a country boy so You know I grew up walking on Dirt road. Me too. Walking through the woods through the corn fields. I know exactly what you mean. And. I feel like nowadays we so disconnected from nature. But when you go out there and you feel it and like you said, there's so many trees you breathe better. Like The sun, the sun different, that wind, it's all that shit so different bro.


Like I thought I was out there losing weight but bro I was actually losing a lot of toxins and shit too. I my brain out just like I don't my shit. They could tell if I come to big facts and I could see Jade and shot looking like looking at me 'cause my energy be off it. But if I come after I done went hiking, that shit just be You. know what I'm saying? Electrifying taking that shit different bro. That why them people be coming month to month. These people DMing me. Thank you texting me. Thank you. I'm like thank you for the for walking in The. World like that's crazy. But I get it because I know how that shit make me feel bro. And you create the community You. know what I'm saying? We Lit too. Yeah we lit. We be partying, having karaoke and yeah we lit And scream.


You got the Scream Foundation, right? Scream Foundation. Shout to Envy positivity. Weathers one of the sponsors for August 3rd. We doing the big fresh fest You. know what I'm saying? Pouring into the youth man, just giving 'em a place to come perform You, know what I'm saying? Network with people You. know what I mean? Meet celebrities and all that. So This's the fourth annual definitely salute that. Got a restaurant on the way Palm 78 Smyrna You. know what I'm saying? Shots to the DJ connect at, we just You know entrepreneurship You. know what I'm saying? Trying to spread our wings. You you do, you do Nights on 9 6 1. Yep. 96 1. The beat Friday, Friday and Saturday You. know what I'm saying? The weekend. Shout to Louis vi the whole team 96.1 the beat biggest station in Atlanta. Now, now we can hear The, Breakfast, Club clearly. You dig what I'm saying?


So I feel Like Atlanta, one of the, the, the places that still cares about radio, I think everybody jump in their car and kind of like turn the radio on is just like habitual You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. They wanna know where to go, what's going on. Like it's a vessel for information. And. I think that our playlist is obviously a lot of the playlists in hip hop radio is Atlanta music and Atlanta hits like we were saying to come from the south. So it's probably one of the markets where they still care about it the most for sure. You still break records? Break records man that's a long conversation. Do I play new records and stamp 'em and put my stamp on 'em? Yeah for sure. Yeah but I don't think no one person, I've always said that like people like I broke that record. I don't think one person can break a record. I think that's a community of me texting Envy bro, look out for this record.


Or You know texting around like they Could put me, I think one person can break a record though. I ain't no dj. I feel like if one of them come bring a song here writing now and you play this shit 15 times back to back, you just broke that record and it take off from there. Hmm. Yeah. If, you get it first. I'm saying the very first time, like I walk in the studio and hand you this and You just, but what if nobody else Don't play it? Yeah, nobody. If everybody stop, you still need a community of people to continue. You could start the record off but you still need people To play. But what if the internet take it from there? Yeah. What exactly? I Think you could break a record on the internet now. Just be honest. I'm a dj but you could break a record on the internet. Just A trend. It could be a TikTok dance and it break. Yeah, For sure. But it take a community of people to uplift a a, a artist.


Like we'll just say whatever future or whoever all these people, like a community of people. A lot of people just pushing that person to become that superstar. That's how it feels. So The the thing I do like about Atlanta though, it's like all the artists pop off but they all come right back to Atlanta. Like they don't forget about Atlanta. It seemed like they don't forget about like Atlanta media or Atlanta DJs or people who helped them get to that point. That's not true. That ain't true. Big Yo shots to everybody. That came up big fast. Yeah we fought with everybody But I fought with everybody bro. I watched them Niggas not fuck with niggas too though. You know I'm, some niggas just don't fuck with niggas. But outside of the city y'all ain't gonna be able to tell that 'cause it ain't gonna be no You. know what I'm saying? Facts.


I think it's in any artist. I think artists get to a certain point where they start going and they just don't wanna do it anymore. Yeah, You got respect certain niggas like Right like, like even Pluto, my partner future, he don't really do shit that he on the radio so he don't. But he did. I watched this nigga when he first started. I wouldn't give a damn where. Well he did everybody's shit in the beginning You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I watched him drain himself. So I can't be mad just because you my partner that you ain't been on Big Fat, you ain't been on shit else Forbes and shit like I'm watching. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't seen what nobody else Did either. Yeah, but If you do that, you gotta come back to the, you gotta come back to the culture like If, you go If, you go through the Rolling Stones and all of that. I think it's always good to come back to the culture. Yeah, But he, but I ain't gonna even lie.


Before I even did how I start doing the podcast, I actually interviewed him


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the all new podcast there and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished. Nobody hears anything. Nobody sees anything. Did they run away? Was it an accident or were they murdered a Truck and two people just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire. It Was definitely murder for hire for Danielle, not for Richard. He's your son and in your eyes he's innocent. But in my eyes, he's just some guy my sister was with. In this series, I dig into my own investigation to find answers for the families and get justice for Richard and Danielle. Listen to there and Gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Greeting schools and girls and Welcome to haunting purgatory. Premier podcast for all things afterlife. I'm your host Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The Things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration in the United States awarded for gallantry and bravery in combat. At the risk of life above and beyond the Call of Duty. Since it was established in 1861, there have been 3,517 people awarded with the Medal. I'm Malcolm Gladwell and our new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeart Media is about those heroes, what they did, what it meant, and what their stories tell us about the nature of courage and sacrifice Without him and the, and the leadership that he exhibited in bringing those boats in and assembling 'em to begin when bringing them in. Saved a hell of a lot of lives, including my own Listen to Medal of Honor, stories of courage on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts,


We all know what that music means. Is somebody getting coronated? No, it's time for the Olympics in Paris. The opening ceremony for the 2024 Paris Games is coming on July 26th. Who are these athletes? When are the games they're playing? We may be looking for the sports experts to answer those questions, but we are not that. Well What are we? We're two guys. I'm Matt Rogers And. I'm Bowen Yang and We're doing an Olympics podcast. Yeah, we're hosting the Two Guys Five Rings podcast. You get the two guys us to start every podcast. Then the five rings come after. Watch every moment of the 2024 Paris Olympics beginning July 26th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time you can stream the 2024 Paris Games on the iHeartRadio app and listen to two guys five rings on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


For his album Huget? Yeah. Okay. What's what's the name of the album you dropping Wizard or something? One of the album. Yeah, but they did like on Apple Music, it's still up too. It's called Free Band Radio. We did like an hour conversation leading into the album You. know what I'm saying? And that shit that was mainstream like bro you can do that shit. Like I, he just said let's have a conversation You. know what I'm saying? So shout out him, shout out to him for that. You got the the C-C-D-T-F Foundation curating different thoughts, foundation, AKA, the Clayton, David Tatum Forever and You know I've been seeing you post about Dave. What, who? Who was Dave to You? Everything. You got him on the, on your shirt? Yeah. Yeah. In my heart too.


That nigga everything to me bro. That nigga would've been right here. What's up Charlamagne? We fought with you in the hood. I did what it did but everything, I don't even know how else to explain it but I ain't tripping though. I'm tripping but I ain't tripping. I don't live duct tape day. I don't live don't make 'em Like that. What's the about Just cur like the logo is is one of the pictures that he was when he was pulling me up we was hiking but just pulling dudes up man. Like trying to keep change niggas thoughts by showing 'em you can change 'em. You dig what I'm saying? Like I don't know. Niggas looking at like your bank can do something, we can do something. That's just what it is. No matter people that know me You know at first They know where you come from.


Yeah, Exactly. The first nigga probably looking like man nigga, that's another finesse. I'm tell You know these niggas, I'm tell you it's another fines this nigga ain't. But I know niggas starting to hit me and people starting to who I know don't believe that a person can change start telling like, nah bro you different You. know what I'm saying? Like nah you different for real bro. You know what I'm saying? Like after we thought you was just like scared You know the Rico your name on the list and all that shit. But nah, you different You. know what I'm saying? You could trick yourself to be different. Niggas don't even know that you could start off like you finessing or or scare yourself to be different bro. Niggas scared to be different.


Was you finessing at first? Nah, I, I don't know. I can't say that. You trying To figure it out. Yeah. Niggas just tired of doing the same shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just, it ain't, it ain't even like a nigga just doing no ignorant shit. I'm just saying niggas tired of thinking the same way. Like you can not be doing that physically or actively, but you can be doing some shit to your, to your mind. That's fucking your whole world up bro. Like raring and thinking and not living in the moment. Living by living in yesterday and living in tomorrow. Man that shit is run a nigga crazy man. You know what I'm saying? So you even, even living in a place like Atlanta where you saw so many black people doing so many different positive things like that didn't have an influence on you.


No. What who? What they doing? What you talking about? Oh, Everybody from, from, from artists to athletes to lawyers To man when you be, that's what I'm saying. Once again when you be stuck in a place in your own mind bro, you creating your own dumb ass movie. Yeah. Yeah. Like niggas supposed to get Donkey of the Decade, man. Niggas just dumb as fuck bro. That's all it be And. I get it. It don't be like a nigga like Bro listen the way I used to think, I swear to God I was right in that moment. So I understand a nigga who don't know a nigga who somewhere like, damn he trip. We looking at him like he tripping. He he just don't know. Yeah he did a home invasion and you like damn, why would he do something like that?


Yeah, you like it's just far fathom to you like yeah I can see why niggas do certain shit. Not saying I condone it but I see it. 'cause in your mind you think this is the only way and this all I know that shit really mental illness for real. Yeah. But that's why people like you You know when y'all turned that corner, y'all are so valuable 'cause y'all really did it, really lived it. Y'all ain't judging this next generation. No not judging whoever doing it. But you also know how to help them get up out of that if they want to get up out of it. Facts. Nah, that why I tell a nigga If you that be that don't bitch up when it's time to stand on you with that. That's all I tell nigga, if your mind made up, I can't tell you what to do if your mind made up You. know what I'm saying? Because, because the morals and Principles have changed Though.


Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Be that If, you gonna be that nigga shit. Don't bitch up now. So was Dave somebody that used to always tell you like bank you, you got more to offer Bro. Sorry man. Yes bro. That nigga bro. My wife brought me this shout out to my wife Shante. She brought me this, it say I'm witchy big and they got their name on it. That's all they say, bro. Witchy bro. You don't know bro. Witch is old and that's a big part of me just pu pushing, pushing harder. Now it's like I gotta see myself how homies make sure I know he saw me.


You get what I'm saying? Like I gotta live in that light. I I can't even explain it bro and shit gonna make me get emotional. I saw you drive the, I ain't trying to make you emotional but I saw you driving the the hears hears. I was like damn. Right. Stomping that motherfucker too. We were late. My my bad bro. Like everything was late. The funeral we got, the funeral was late, was late getting into the funeral home, people calling while, while the service going off in the clothes. So I jumped in and stomped. That motherfucker got my boyt on up in there. I saw, I saw somebody in the come and say man they bang ain't asked no questions. He grabbed the key and took to her and was out. Screw. Yeah. Nah, we were lit though.


Long live duct take days man. Word. Word. And and you said you got the restaurant coming Scream What? What? What's gonna be in the restaurant? Yeah, Palm 78 Smyrna. We build building from scratch. So it's taking a little minute but it's coming soon. Steak and seafood You. know what I'm saying? Casual fine dining. So salute to the whole team over there doing that. Just, just trying to create more spots in Atlanta where people can just come kick it. Positive vibes. It's a restaurant though, not a club. Like it's gonna be a restaurant. So you come eat, kick it, pay leave. Is that a big, is that a big risk in Atlanta to do something like That? Yeah, yeah, yeah because your shit gonna turn into a club regardless. Like nigga can turn anything to a club in Atlanta. Yeah. Like you better not have no hookah. You Nah ain't no hook No hookah Dude.


Shit. Stink. Stink. DJ Club. Yeah it's a club. You got dj, We might have some entertainment bro. That's A club. Club. No Hook club. That's a club Bro. Atlanta nightlife ain't hurting for nothing. No is it? Nah. Hell nah. Niggas out but niggas ain't, niggas ain't going to no club club. They going to spots like his shit and turn into clubs. Yeah. What happened to the clubs in Atlanta? Like Atlanta was one. Especially Alex know Wouldn start touring especially During Covid. Covid was the spot where you can go to a club in Atlanta but now it seems like nobody's going to those big venues. Yeah, ag Entertainment Alex he started doing touring. Touring. Yeah Like not to say niggas ain't in Atlanta getting that shit popping in the club still. But I'm just saying Alex and them used to throw all the biggest shit, have all the biggest people in the city in one spot You know what I'm saying?


On a regular night. So they started doing a lot of touring and shit. Most Of the hood spots closed too. Like just hood spots like yeah Palace And niggas started shooting and shit like nobody want to be start shooting in the club and shit. Nigga ain't trying to do that. Especially it was so many people from everywhere else during the pandemic because we were the own shit open. So a lot of people came down like a lot of crazy niggas came from everywhere shooting in the club and all type of shit Robbing in Buckhead, like Buckhead is unsafe. So Even now, Nah I'm saying then Okay, okay, Okay. Now it's still You know it's back to back to normal but yeah Atlanta was just turn to the wild, wild West like when we was the only thing open.


How Did all those hits that Atlanta took affect? Atlanta like Thug, thug getting locked up and You know that take off getting killed. All that, all that bro took a lot Of hits. Yeah all that like it is kind of divided like, like you say Thug locked up and shit. Luci locked up. Well I think Luci about to get out. He might be out Luie home right there. I thought I seen Luci on the house arrest. I thought he on though. Okay. I believe so. Then You know how You know that shit just divided. Yeah Garner. He over here doing his thing You. know what I'm saying? How y'all feel about that? I don't feel no way about it. Yeah You know what I'm saying? Would Y'all have him on big Facts If you?


Hell yeah. Yeah For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Won't discriminate with big facts. Like that's what we tell people. Pull up, let's have a conversation, let's have a real conversation. We're gonna ask you If. you want to have a real conversation. Gun Gemini, he ain't finna do that. You said who? I said gun Gemini though. He ain't finna do that. Let it let it be. What it going be? Whatever y'all. Whatever people think it gonna be. Let it be gonna be that the best way though. Yeah when you go to yba DBA doing about shit, it make it worse bro. Just let it be whatever. Let that shit lay with let niggas think what they want to think. Let them talk about me. When you put some put something on it with it, that shit turned into like a shit pile. That's what it feel like though. It feel like the internet turns it into something that is actually not because you see Thug Pops is like, y'all don't know what the fuck y'all talking about.


Like Thug family. Like y'all don't know what y'all talking about. I saw a gun of the, the other day he, I think he might've been doing something with Brown girl grinding my interview and he was like I'm still YSL. You ain't see Thug say nothing by the way I ain't never seen nobody stand on business like Thug. Thug ain't said a word But just Say nothing. I'm gonna say but You know that nigga fighting for his life Ain't Shit to say about nothing. What you said just now make people be Yapp. Dbb doing that man hasn't said a word about Nothing. Y'all fighting for his Life. Yeah. Let Brian steal them talk. Yeah Keith at him letting them people talk. Yeah he letting his lawyer talk How you supposed to. That's right. What does it say when you start talking then when you Say something new But That's the bad thing about social media.


Yeah and especially some of the PE people just want to talk because sometimes like you said, you gotta let your attorney lock just shut the fuck Up shit all the time. How You think that situation gonna turn up? I think Thug coming home bro. Me Too. What's that gonna look like in Atlanta? Thug come home Tupac. Damn. Wow. Some shit like that. Yeah I think he gonna come home though, You know what I'm saying? It's just too much. And then You know they is Faith strong. You got the best lawyers. I've been watching this shit I've been watching. Yeah. Hell Yeah. You what? What would you say If? you was on the jury? I I would've said this should have been a mistrial a long time ago. I'd be like why still here? Why It just too much going on? Like Did they take the judge off? They take the judge off. Right. I think they gonna take the judge over next. I heard that Brian still requested that he the judge be removed.


He He been requesting a lot of shit today. He did. He been requesting a lot of shit. Nah, that's a crazy trial though man. Just but The fact he tried to lock up the attorney and then they, the the state came back and like, nah you can't do that. We gonna bring that back. They locked Up one of 'em though. Them somebody had got locked up for bring in some weed or something in that shit. Oh that's somebody else. They like, that's what I'm saying, like it's a whole move. Shit been a whole move bro. That shit, somebody gonna make a move out that shit bro. What does that, what does that do for Atlanta though? If Thug comes home, does that lift the city back up in a way? Yeah. Hell yeah. For sure. People wanna see. Yeah I think everybody, if if he stay in Atlanta, everybody gonna come back to the city like You know, like like I said, all them niggas, them niggas gone really ain't nobody.


Them niggas don't be outside like we used to be outside. Everybody used to be like shit such You know niggas would pop up like they was in Magic City dude. But like every night somebody would be somewhere they loaded it is loaded up. Like everybody You know everybody. Everybody, everybody You. know what I'm saying? That shit ain't like that since, since that ain nigga like shit I'm finna get outta the way. I'm finna just get outta the way man. He for tripping man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You Know I'm saying. Yeah Y'all got a good relationship with a lot of people though. 21 is a, is a is a partner of y'all. Yeah 21. That's my brother. Shout out seven. That's What, that was a great conversation on. Big facts. Oh yeah. Savage solid. 100% solid. It's beautiful to see people just become mega stars and superstars You know what I'm saying?


Somebody like Savage and like you say Pluto and then we can keep naming Thug. We all remember those people way before they came the super and mega stars that they are. So I think that that's but you could Tell my bad, you could tell that them niggas are gonna be dumb niggas though. Right. Right. Like it's crazy bro. You can always, I can see that shit bro. Like what niggas gonna be, what if he do what he need to do to be that like you could see that shit earlier like baby Savage future tip shit. Any of them niggas you can see like, nah, he who's next, next outta the city. I ain't really been paying no attention to it though. For real.


But who next? It it, it is something coming but I can't, I it's probably something cooking up but I can't say that I can't give you a name right now. Like this person we know for sure. We always feel it. Like we, we feel, we felt Baby Was Homicide gang. Young niggas meet you. Yeah, yeah. They they, they going up but they going up on like in the, in the Playboy card Lane. They yeah they gonna be up here soon. Somebody need to pull 'em to the side and say hey change y'all name now Don't, Don't even do it. Don't. It is already going up. They already selling out concerts and what them a festival? They already on them festival. They they name getting big and bigger area. You know how your name Game, how many of 'em is it?


Two Pull 'em up, them nigga Lit. Okay, Y'all nigga Lit. They doing that thing for sure. Yeah, Honcho of course. Oh yeah Honcho Honcho. Yeah. Honcho. Yes sir. Yes sir. Honcho. Yeah. That's crazy Honcho that he, that he that deal he that deal too. Real hip man. We already had him on Big Fat right before too. Right before. Yeah. Yeah. Side the Honcho. Yeah, honcho up here yet but yeah Honcho. Yeah. Yeah. Nah YY y'all gotta get Honcho on him. He he the next one? Yeah Honcho the one. He the one he the one not next. He the one. Yeah man he the A performer everything. And he got that. He got it like he got that it he got that it? Yeah he on the double XL cover right now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh for real? Yeah for the freshman class.


Yeah he got that it though Word. So what's the next show on Big Facts Podcast Network Man Perspective with Bank is here now. We dropped like just dropped like four, five episodes on that. Kicking my shit. Shout to Black Effect. Yeah Shouts out to Black Effect. Yes Sir. Yeah, Immediately You know Play with Fuck with our game. Lemme see then Scream got some shit cooking with he don't wanna say the name today up cooking it up. You know I'd rather hang with Baby Jade. We trying to get Jade to be who? Jade the new new TMZ but You. know what I'm saying because Jade man everybody love Jade bro. Yeah You know what I'm saying? So he like The male of Atlanta? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I be wanting Jade to get a mic on her man.


Just what's up bro. You know what I'm saying? Get them shorts in like I'd rather hang with Jade. That shit's a do numbers. She just, I don't know why she don't do it. She take the picture but she, but I think she gonna get to it. I'd rather hang with Jade 'cause everybody would rather hang with Jade. She got T-shirts right. Yeah but any nigga come to the city they gonna call Jade. I wouldn't give her that Jade where we at tonight? What? What? And break off You. know what I'm saying? I said the baby Jade, I love you Kates and Y'all still do the shit show too right? Yeah we just did the shit show for my birthday June 19th. Yeah I think I seen the Haw was there right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah The Rean was there now the Rean. Yeah we lit screamed DJ for me at at the show. Shit showed done broke some stars too.


Now who like comedians ain't ain't trap Commander Man. Oh yeah. Nah, we don't think we can. We ain't broke nobody. Yeah, yeah, yeah but, but the comedians done came through though. And we don't have, we don't have real artists in on. We got a lot of dudes that's that's that's going up but they ain't went up through there You know what I'm saying? That came through the shit. Show that nigga Take that on the road. Let's bring it up here. You Can do it. Shit. I I'm down with that. That shits funny as shit. This shit Man that shit hilarious shit. Shit. T I'm trying to figure out a way to get this shit live streamed or something man. We be in there gut busting. Yeah funny like, like If you shit is gut busting funny bro. Clay used to be a part of that too Right? Yeah Clay. Yeah Little Clay. Shout out Clay.


That's another thing. Shout out Big Pat. Oh yeah. That's amazing bro. Clay one of them Clay one of the one too man, like Carl Clay, he going to figure it out. Clay going figure it out. That's out to Hannah Clay Love Hannah. That old Hannah phone call actually but nah Clay one of those people Clay like the far, he was like a Farrest Gump of of of culture. 'cause he done been around so many different eras and so many different people and you'd be like damn. Yeah Clay know how to pick person. I ain't Know that person. Clay know how to pick that talent too though. Clay, clay get in it like I be riding through a hood a real hood like Long Little Clay riding through a real hood and see Clay standing over there with some young niggas like pull up like what you doing?


Nah, this young nigga, I told him he was at Clay's do Cruise on Monday. Long time ago. Well not long time. Well that was like 2004, 2000 but 2006 Selma or some shit Long time ago. So he'll let amateur artists come through and perform their shit next week. Clay on the block with 'em. Nigga push putting the battery in their back. You can do it after you do it. Something nigga blew up too so outside the clay. Damn. What? Yeah. Well Big Bank scream the Big Fast podcast. Yes sir. We appreciate you guys for joining us. Thank y'all so much. Tell Em how to follow y'all man. Salute to y'all man. At DJ Scream at Big Bank atl Follow the big facts network too. You know what I'm saying on the social media and salute to y'all. The Breakfast Club man for having us.


We appreciate y'all family. Absolutely. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


At public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member finra And I. Not a bank, not investment advice.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the all new podcast there and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished A truck and two people just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire, but which victim was the intended target and why? Listen to their and Gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration in the United States. Since it was established in 1861. There have been 3,517 people awarded with a medal. I'm Malcolm Gladwell and our new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeart Media is about those heroes, what they did, what it meant, and what their stories. Tell us about the nature of courage and sacrifice. Listen to Medal of Honor, stories of courage on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We all know what that music means. It's time for the Olympics in Paris. I'm Matt Rogers And I'm Bow Yang. And we're doing an Olympics podcast. Yeah, we're hosting the Two Guys Five Rings podcast. Watch every moment of the 2024 Paris Olympics beginning July 26th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time, you can stream the 2024 Paris Games on the iHeartRadio app and listen to two guys, five rings on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.