
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional.


Features


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Basketball fans, it's crunch time. The NBA playoffs are heating up and every game is do or die. With the finals on the horizon, there's never been a better time to get in on the action. Right now you can play along with DraftKings Pick six. A fresh way to experience daily fantasy sports. All new customers who pay just $5 will score $50 in bonus picks to keep you locked in all postseason long. Get started. It's simple. Just download the DraftKings pick six app and sign up with code TBC. Pick at least two players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat, like when they score 20 points or have three or more assist. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and sign up with code TBC only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building and She getting all the money, man. No, that you, are you getting all you eating Miss Pat? You Are e Well, I've been eating nigga. I get food stamps back in the day. Yes. And I still buy them. Miss Pat, Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome Miss Pat. Miss Pat. Good morning Jazz. Good morning. Light skinned. Good. Pat. What's up greasy black man, Pat? Yeah, You got little retaining his mouth. You ready to eat? So, No, I I take it out in the morning. Oh, is it the teeth straight? You have really came a long way since Whitney Williams. Yes. I take it out in the morning.


I actually smell my retainer every morning so I stay humble. Yeah, you Look like you nasty like that. You Got a list. You like you take floss and eat it. What you mean you still buy food stamps? I will if you come to me not in the grocery store because black people have a, a tendency of stopping you on the grocery store. Right. You wanna buy some food stamp. I said, baby, I'm on TV now. You going to get my friend to buy these food stamps. You just can't walk up on a negro. True. So I, you know, if if it came down to it, I buy 'em. If I'm doing Thanksgiving or 4th of July, you know, that's a lot of meat before our president take 'em. Why not? So how you feeling? You got a new show back. How's everything going? This Is second half where season two of Miss Pa settles in and working on season three. Just wrap season five of the Miss Pass show.


Hey, I'm feeling good. It's only season two. Miss Pat Ett it. Well this the second half we going into in a couple weeks. We about start taping season three. Mm. So I'm excited. Love, I'm excited, I'm excited. I'm trying to work out here. How does it feel Miss Pat? Like how does it feel to be living all your answered prayers? You know what, it's okay. It is not bad. You know, I can't, I've never had that. I I made it moment I, until I finished my house and you finally finish your house home over my house. And I was like, okay bitch, you, you might be doing it. Nice. So I'm, I'm proud of myself. I am. I I don't let a lot of people come to my house, but I'm proud of myself. And you did that, did all the work yourself, right? No, I did the contracting, you know the general contracting part myself.


Yeah. That was from TikTok And I how an architect? 'cause I, I thought I was gonna save some money. Did You say money? No. No. Well, you know, I wanted to, I wanted to buy $5,000 faucet. So if I got rid of the general contractor, I thought I could do it. So I, I splurge in areas, but I still made some mistakes. But it's up, it looks good. And you finished right before deportation started. So that was good. Oh what You mean working? That's what you trying To say? Yeah. That's what she told you. I thought you said Last. I didn't say shit about no deportation. No, No. You said don't put that on me. Oh, you, you just thinking how all Mexicans will do my work. Hey, they deporting black people too. That is true. But I did finish before deportation and thank God I finished before deportation.


Yeah. Because I would've had to go up there and shake the president. Hey, but you know what I was worried about my housekeeper. I don't, I've never really had a housekeeper. So I, I got one that's I can afford. And I told her, I said Look here. If it come down to it, this is the underground railroad over here. Come hide your people downstairs and you know you can work with me for free until all of this shit is over. I don't think you say that publicly Ms. Pat. What? Why not? I Just don't feel like you should if They run up in there, I'm say I didn't know they were heal. Hey yo. So how did you and your husband, because I know he was there, he was part of building the house. Did y'all argue a lot? 'cause you talking about $5,000 faucets. Oh nah, he didn't argue a lot. It was no, nah, he just all he cared about how was I making his bedroom.


'cause we in separate bedrooms now And I love it. Y'all love that. What? Okay. I've been married 32 years. If you get an opportunity to separate from your husband, you know like if you get an Opportunity Yes. To separate from your husband, Hey, without a divorce, you go over there. I go over there. I love it. And people always ask me, how y'all gonna get together? I FaceTime. You wanna hit it? Come on over here, take a bath and get it ready for you. You know I shave something back. Come get some. So There some nights. I wish you ain't for fun. Oh, there's some nice way you, I don't shave for Fun. You won't watch a movie. He come over and he just end up falling asleep in your room. Don't fall asleep in his room. I don would wake him up. We, we don't, we don't do sleep sleepover. We don't do sleepover. Take your ass in your room and I'm gonna sleep in my room.


We get through with it going on over to your room. I don't do that. You don't ever yearn and long just to spend the night in the same bed. Not one. At least one night a month. Yes. I've been having sex since elementary school. I don't yearn for Sex In elementary school. Yes. I don't know why y'all got started so late. Damn. Okay. I read your book Ma'am. You ain't read shit. I did read your, I sent you my book And I ain't even backed down. It's probably, but I did read it. Yeah. You ain't Man, you ran, you read the index part of it. No I Didn't. You ain't never got lie Me suck. I was about to say something from the book. That's how you talking about you was having sex in elementary school. Not because everybody Know that. I've told that story a hundred times. She has. Huh? Thank you. She's been a p Well gimme something about from the book.


I bet you I know something. No, You gimme something from the book. You read a damn book. I don't remember the Book. You got your titties shot off. Oh, everybody Know I got my tit shot Off and it grew back, Grew back. It was a nipple. They bust the area off. Oh it was, I ain had Medicaid. They just laid it back up there. And I did read Rabbit was a phenomenal read. Rabbit should be a movie. You don't, it should be a But you don't have to lie to me. We real screenshot. Now one thing he do, he do read books. Now ain't, but he didn't read. I rather like seven years ago passed that I shot my nipple off just, it was just a nipple. Oh, okay. All right. You good? Yeah, because she said, he said she got a a boob shot off. I'm like dang. And it grew bad 'cause she's sitting here with two of 'em right now.


So I'm like what the hell? You know, I gotta lie, they could have shot half of her at all. And I still had more than you Jesse. Yeah. Honestly, you know what Miss, you know what Rabbit remind me of? And I just thought about this. It's probably a new genre, a genre called, it's like True Crime Dramedy. Mm Dramedy. That's what I would describe it as because it was a lot of crime in in Rabbit. It was, it was a lot of crime committed in Rabbit. Yes it was. But he ain't read. But anyway, we still friends. We still friends. You never thought have nobody ever wanted to turn it into a screenplay. We were working on it but know TV shows loosely based off it. Well we working on it. I could see it to tell the whole story. We really need Emini series so we, we talking about it. I'm, you know, I'm always trying to dib and into something with my life to let people know it's okay to laugh at the bullshit that you went on.


Yeah. Went through in life. So that's what I'm always doing. You know you keeping the lights on at BET, you do know that right? You and Tyler Perry. Well you gotta say Tyler Perry, I only got two shows over there. BET Only got four. Well damn. Yeah, well I appreciate you saying that. I wish they would give me an opportunity to create some more. So we working on some things. I'm trying to sell to everybody. This is a new Prostitutional ring for me. You a white man. You got the money. I got the legs to open for you. Jesus. That's right. That's all Selling is right? You just going, I went to, I'm here for upfront. I went to upfront last night and it was so funny 'cause I've never, I've never been invited to upfront before And I didn't know what to expect And I walked out.


It's just all white people there advertisement and the prompter, teleprompter, teleprompter wrong. I don't do well with teleprompter 'cause I don't read out loud like that. Yeah, I've been practicing over the years and boy that teleprompter got the role And I was like, Hey I got a GED stop this mess right now. I can't. I just, I just went into a whole full set and got a standing ovation. I was like whoa. I'm glad I'm a comedian. The whites love us. Huh? I said you know the whites love us. Oh they, they do till they do. You just Said that You'll Open your, nevermind. No, I won't really open my leg but I will open something. I know what you meant though. They, the Weiss love us to Booty hole cost you $50 million. God damn.


We in the wrong business Charlamagne. Hell No. I couldn't get no 50 million for this booty hole. If it ain't been in somebody bid. In Somebody bid. She said somebody about with that used booty. You booty is crap Man. He just told y'all somebody been in his ass. Mine is a virgin. Mine's not. We don't believe. We don't believe it. You just said somebody. He is used. Okay man, If somebody had got this booty, I wouldn't be working there. Yes it was witness stuck a finger in it. That's why you working Here. I was molested. You D on lap. You D lap. Everybody know when your uncle sat on your lap, he sticking a finger, throwing Your head.


Lord have mercy. You we Going By you. We know you a victim man. You liked it 'cause you stayed on there by five Years. Who Was some of the guess you got on this season? The second half of this season? For Miss Pancho? Yes. Oh my god. We got, we got Tisha Campbell. We got Loretta Devine. Tisha Campbell. Yes. I don't wanna give it all the way Got Rich. Okay. But Loretta Don. Oh you talking about the court show or the, which one you talking about? Ms. Pat settles it. Oh, court show. I'm sorry. She don't talk too much. This is just the second half. So it's the same people from the, from the first be beginning of the season two. Okay. But season three we already casting. So you know, how do you take Ray J serious when he on your show You don't take Ray J serious. You know Ray J called me one day and said he had an idea for a show.


And I said, what is it Ray J? He said, me and Lou ne as mysteries beating white boys in negligence, Emini here beating guy, beating young guys in negligent walking 'em like a dog. I said, first of all, white guys, Emini here, young guys, who the fuck wanna see Ms. Pat and Lu ne in a in a negligent walking white men beating. Yeah, beating them because we, I I don't know. I said Ray j I don't know if you high but I'm married and second of all, I've never had on a negligent at least since the seventh grade. So why would me, me and Elle big ass now Elle probably do it 'cause I've seen her do some crap but me in a negligent with my tit hanging and they uneven.


I Like to see that. You see that? Right. No matter. Well fuck you. I'm the only one. I think you should do it. Mr B we Elle Coochie one show from the front. We got all this extra sack and this little, but what's the point of the show? It's the premise. Like he don't to say we was sexy And I don't know. I just said that ain't for me. I said you go get another fat old chick who need a chick. It just certain shit. I won't do a check. I can't do it. Ray Solom ain't seen Ell naked before. I ain't never seen no guy. Well what? Who? Boy shut up. You, you. No, that's not true. You seen Luelle naked before? No one time Luelle FaceTimed me because she was meant to call somebody else in her phone, but she hit my number and she was in the tub or something like, but she wasn't, I I she wasn't naked.


She did. Yes she did. You said she was just in the tub with her clothes On Emini here. It's not like she was naked. She had, I could just tell I'm like she was in the tub. No, you know he said take the camera down Nette, pick up a titty, move your stomach up, roll it back. That what you gotta say the big girl. And then you know, a lot of times when you plus side that men's mistake out Nas for vagina. I've had so many niggas try to stick. Yeah. They'll stick they name in your vagina. That's the extra pussy when you don't want to give up the real pussy. So if a man start eating your navel by accident, do you stop 'em or you No You just play like, Ooh baby. Ooh my neighbor got a click. Okay name. Yeah, but You say you wouldn't wear a negligee but you was in Belize with a two piece on You. A damn loud one on them.


Bo you you, you mistake me for my daughter. Ashley, shout out to my daughter Ashley. She's finally got engaged. Congratulations. I started to plan a gay wedding and so they asked me to do it right. And I don't know nothing about playing no gay wedding. So I went straight to Pinterest and, and picked out a gay cake with the rainbow in the middle. And I sit her, I said, y'all like this cake? She's like, that's gay. I'm like, well what the fuck are you? Right, Right. But they don't like you to just put gay just because You gay on me. She need a Gay cake. She say she want a straight cake. I'm like, y'all ain't doing straight shit. No, you gotta put a dildo on the top like a candle instead of candle. Have a dildo on the top. She Dildo with a, with a, with a tuxedo and a and a gown on it.


That's a good As. But does she wanna wear a gown or Does she wanna wear a tux? No, my daughter's the film. She okay. But I, but I think she do the dicking down. Right. Because she's so rough. My, oh I think she the one that put on the scrap on, but really she, she's the girl, thank God. 'cause I, my daughter look just like me. I don't want, I don't want my daughter to look like no nigga bitch with my face. So Do you like the her, her hand? I Love her girlfriend. Okay. I Didn't know this Is the first one she ever had. Her wife, it's not a girlfriend. She's in a fiance now. Fiance. A fiance. Yeah. I guess that's what you call them. Thank you. But my daughter, I, this the first girl she ever had that had a job. They had good credit. Nice, nice respectable. You know, just wonderful.


I'm so happy that my daughter's gay. This is the first time I've ever been happy that she was gay. Yeah. She was getting them lazy ass nigga bitches like her daddy and couldn't work, couldn't read, go to jail. She finally got a good woman and I'm, I'm, I'm happy for her. Did you know it was gonna happen? Like she come to y'all and ask you like I'm no, I plan. Well she asked me when we was playing the trip she said can I ask your daughter marry her? I said hell yeah you can. Mm. And so I set it up and the first day we was gonna get on the boat from, I stayed on one side of the island 'cause I wanted a little piece and we going to take the boat over to San Pedro and you know my whole family is fat as fuck. So we, I run a fish. Oh y'all? Yeah. Nice. Damn. All y'all High Cool. No, no, no.


The grandbaby's still skinny. Okay. So it's 18 of us. We get on a fisherman boat to go over there and I'm not lying. Do you know the boat got water in it? 'cause we was too fucking heavy. Why would y'all do that? Y'all know y'all big. Why? Why would you get on? Fuck You. Why would let them all get on? Dang. They Don't know. I didn't know that the capacity you could take that many people because I said it was 18 people. I think they thought it was 18 small people but it was 18 people and probably 16 of us was thick. Oh man. And we took off in the boat and the boat just got water. And he was telling my son who was the biggest get on east side of the boat to rock the water. I said man, turn this motherfucker around. So I told her, I said You gonna have to wait the next day. The next day when she got ready to propose, my daughter got drunk and started hunching on everybody like a little freak.


And I was like, you sure you wanna marry this bitch? And then finally, damn, finally when we stop her from drinking, she was able to ask her, Aw We need to go back to the first day. So you mean to tell me that you messed up a proposal because everybody was too thick. Do you don't understand how that sounds? Well we wasn't the girl side who you put on the whole couch up here. But we was down. I text that motherfucker. I said if you ever in your life tease me by my weight again, I punch you in your greasy ass face. You know he's an ass. I'm surprised if he would've thought about it, he would've pulled that couch up there for you too. Would never do that. Ms. Pat ain't that big.


That's what I told them to do. Talking Like that. Nah, I'm not. And I been on a zaro whatever the hell it is. Manjaro. Manjaro. Yeah. Yeah. So I've lost a few. How long you been doing? And then what Happened? Fuck you. Fuck kiss my ass. How long you taking it before you stop? What happened? I ain't gonna stop. I'm still on What The fuck talking About. When, how much weight did you lose? Pat is talking this number. I'm not saying fuck y'all. I shoulda, I shoulda worn tighter shirt. Yeah, stop y'all. Damn. This could be your first time going to a, a gay wedding.


Yeah, this is my first time going to a gay. 'cause my daughter tried to get me to go to a gay church but the what's a gay church in Atlanta? But the first lady was a man look like you with a hat on. And I was like, actually I don't know and we should play with, I don't know. We should do that. I can't go that church. And she was still identifying as the first lady. Yeah. He was identified as the first lady. He was Is really a gay church. What the fuck you know is a gay church in there? I Know that boy. The way you put grease on your face, you know everything Yo. Okay. Okay. So is that the church they getting married At? I don't know. I don't know where we gonna do it at. I'm just gonna plan the wedding. Oh okay. And they don't want the rainbow cake. So I'm still planning it. Mm. I need to know what happens at a gay wedding.


And it's her Is her wife gonna wear a suit or? I think so. 'cause she is, she's like a rapper, you know. Oh okay. And she look like Shannon Sharp, so. Oh shit. Yeah, she raps and she looks like Shannon Sharp. That's Right. Yeah. S right. How did you feel about that whole situation? Because you had just did Shannon a couple. What about a month ago? Maybe two Months ago? I ain't, I have nothing to say Emini here. I, I don't know. You know, I I don't even think, I know he say he like young women but I don't know. I just didn't, what I would say is I didn't know asshole cost that much money. 25,000. A cheek. A cheek. But it was no cheeks back then. None. None. So that was very shocking to me. It was like a long back, you know, Emini here the amount of money that I don't know, I, I don't know.


You know it makes me, you know, which, when I, that shit would happen to me. He had some money 'cause I could go all the way back, you know, from the next door neighbor but they dead and they ain't got no money. If I went back I'd just be wasting my damn time with paperwork. So Damn None of my, none of my accusers had money. Damn. Excuse. I was in the wrong neighborhood. Charlemagne. What can you nigga get a job so I can get your 4 0 1 kc? That's right. Oh my Goodness. Damn It fucked up. When, when, when broke niggas touch you? I ain't have no look. Come over here and fill on a titty shot Emini here DJ Envy come on.


Damn titty. I need to check DJ Envy who make me kiss you tongue me down dj. But then that now, now Envy can press charges against you if you make me kiss you. Oh who let me fall in your lap. Oh my goodness. I would say him but it ain't gonna stick because you know he suspect and you Gillum Junior over there. Oh you fell. You Fell. Huh? Charmagne. Okay.


KFC Chicken and waffles. Fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery you know for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Hey what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot but here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Peace to the planet Charlemagne to God here. Look, we all make mistakes but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Yo. So instead That on your podcast you said you're taking your health more serious Now. Oh, hard time out. She said yesterday when I had posted about the movie Ms. Pat ever comment, I knew you was the next Andrew Gillum. What that gotta do with anything right now Miss Pat? What that gotta do with anything? I was wonder. You see that? I was wondering did he see my damn come Jeff? I was wondering I he didn't respond back. He respond to everybody else. He didn't respond to my ass. I started to text him. I ain't respond to nothing but I just was laughing. What Happened? Yeah 'cause you always fucking with me. But back To taking your health serious, it says on your podcast you're taking your health serious and you started your own garden. Yeah I did. I started a garden.


That's What you getting out of it. If It grown nigga I'm gonna eat it. Oh okay. Yeah. Oh no, that's right. What you planted? What you I planted some beans, I planted some lettuce, I planted some greens. I planted some bi tomatoes. She say biscuits. You not talking say biscuits. Fuck yes Y'all. Yes you did. You started the same biscuit. I don dunno who raised them but y'all didn't raise this Nero right. Planted some biscuits as crazy Miss. Yeah I planted some dicks for Charlemagne because he like them cucumber size so they'll fit. Yes I did come on by the house. I got some for you in three months. You got some of them going on.


You know how he like 'em miniature. He like to suck 'em whole. Oh my god. Damn. I got them eggplant coming through for you. Little boy, little brother. So I did the start of the garden. I did and I'm, I'll be posting as it grow. Okay? Yeah. So you, you're taking eating healthier now. Healthy lifestyle. I'm doing the fuck I want to do. Yeah, but I take a shot so I don't eat that much. You take, you really are on that shit. For real? Yeah. What wrong with it? Nothing. You On Vaseline ain't you? Yes. He shining your shit right now y'all. Oh my god. Cocoa butter away nigga. What cocoa butter for? For deodorant. Thank yo.


Okay. So do you have any side effects with that? No I haven't. I was trying Ozempic I did but not, not now. Oh yeah. What are the side effects for O Ozempic? I had made some, oh I got my gallbladder removed. Damn. I did too And I'm not even on Ozempic. Oh you did? I think that's just a thing. Maybe when we get a certain age. But while I was on Ozempic I got my gallbladder removed so I got off of it and switched to something else. Yeah. So we'll see if I can Find my, some of the side effects of ozempic is diarrhea. I wish I had diarrhea. I don't shit enough. Mm. Really Even without the gallbladder. 'cause now with mine removed, that's all I do. Well that's what my daughter do too. It didn't do nothing to me. I don't guess my, I don't think I was using my gallbladder anyway. Yeah. So I ain't have no side effects or anything.


Damn. That's what's up. Yeah. Why You don't shit enough, you don't got the right diet. Can you ask me some question? Envy? Yes. I'm so tired of fa shit but information I gonna ask. How much weight do you want to you l Lose? I would like to lose about a hundred pounds. A hundred pounds? I would. Okay. I would. You see big boy out there? Yes. But you know he not happy. That's that's the thing we're trying to think. 'cause he's, he feels like he, he misses the weight 'cause he feels like he, he's been that big for so long. He's Identified. He cold down. He cold. Now when you fat like that, When you that fat now that nigga was fat. Fat. And I love but when you that fat just radiate heat.


You, you saw he was always sweating. Now he freezing so it's like he going through menopause so he cold now he don't know how to heat it back up. So. And I asked him, I said boy you about to get a BBL. And I asked him, I asked him, I said I know you appreciate your penis. Now you can see it. It, it don't just get hard in the middle. He that much weight now. Yeah. Oh he got a penis. He lost a lot. I bet you he got three inches. You think so? You know it. But listen, he still can't look down and see it. Oh he can see it 'cause he can now he can hold a fat back. Yeah, at first it would just everywhere. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You see it because he had on orthopedic shoes. This I said next time I see you gonna be on lost of layer to your shoes and everything. Man Shut He got on high.


He sneakers. He said, he said he lost the weight 'cause he was, he do his steps. Yeah you took out some steps today. Them Shoes, them shoes gonna make. I said boy I ain't never seen that more. He got good he shoes on. Yeah. Damn. Very durable. Very durable. Jesus. They very durable. They high he sneakers but he all right. He gonna be all right. But are You for real? Are you changing your diet and stuff? Girl go to hell Emini here boy go to hell s Right. Tired of talking about this dying shit. You'll see me next time I come back in a spandex. I can't wait. I bet you can't fucking wait dirty.


What? I cannot stand him. I cannot stand. We just wrapped season five of them Miss Pat coming out in the fall. Alright, now talk to us about that. 'cause that's what you was, that's what you thought I was asking about. You said Loretta Devine, we divine Tisha Campbell and I'm not going, we had so many guest stars this year. That's up. We had so many guest stars. We even had ti I daughter. Oh Sonique. No, no, the young ones. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Oh Baby. Oh my God. She's like, I like this show 'cause I get the curse. What? She said. Oh shit. She was so fucking good. Said yes she was. I love it. That baby killed the baby. 'cause she had to cuss me out. She had no problem. Damn. She was so good.


How Did it feel? How did it feel completing See if season five, season five is a big deal. You know what I, I kinda got a little teary eyed because I didn't think this show would go that long and you know, for it to be bounced around Hollywood, the way it got bounced around and each and every year just keep, you know, grabbing the audience. Yeah. And people continue to love it. And like last year, the season five, season four and five, we literally, 'cause we tape live in front of a studio audience, we literally have to turn away 50 to a hundred people per show. Wow. And we only do two shows on Friday. And just to see that in Atlanta, Georgia where they don't even shoot that kinda show at meant a lot to me in Jordan. You know, to even get it there. So it won't, I won't even cry when it end because I did something that a lot of people thought that I I we couldn't do.


Which was bring a Multicam, a real Multicam to Atlanta, Georgia and to build that type of audience and for people to fall in love with the show. And we continue to tell real life story. Yeah. And this season is off the fucking chain. The the last episode got three cliff hangers in it. Wow. Y'all gonna be mad at us. Do you and Jordan have a arc of like y'all, do y'all know where y'all want it to end? Like do you have a number of seasons? Yeah, well we all, we ask BET is to say when is the end so we can close it out. That's all we ask. Yeah. If this, if, if if if this, you know, they didn't say this was the end. I don't know. We'd have to see how raise are. I need y'all to watch it. But if we come back for season six and they say we'll wrap it up then we have a way, the way we wanna wrap it up.


Yeah. And we hope we get that opportunity. 'cause a lot of black shows don't get that opportunity. Not at all. It just end for no damn rating. They Just end then you mad and you like this, you know, you let the white shows in the right way. Please give us the opportunity to close out Miss Pat. Show the right way. That's all I ask. I think there's just so many layers to the Miss Pat show and then it is built Up layers to Miss Pat too. So many What it is Been to your lips are soft. See this is why No I meant layers like Life. Wait, why aren't Come on man. I meant layers like life. You Know, you know back in the day I whooped niggas ass like you. Period. What? Damn. I whoop folks ass like you 'cause you are all these little jabs.


You doing that My neighbor and shit. What? She said it's layers to the show. But it's 'cause it's led to Miss Pat. That's why. But you the only person that can call me fat and get away with it. Call Miss Pat Fat. No you not. No. You just use other words. Yeah. I love you Evvy. 'cause he's so low down and dirty. He, yeah. That never happened. And you know I was gonna actually congratulate you on your new company. I saw I was gonna ask you can I come pitch you something? Fuck you. Of course I pitch you naked pictures of me. That's, I'm gonna, I'm gonna flood your inbox with my booty hole. Crazy. Crazy. And I ain't never shaved back there so it gonna look like a, a illa.


Jesus. Harry, you versus a hundred men. Huh? What is that whole thing versus a hundreds Still a Gorilla, but I never seen a video. Ain't that crazy. Never seen the video. I think it's a That's video. What a gorilla. Huh? The Gorilla and a hundred men. So did A hundred men supposed to, I don't know where the story came from. It's so dumb. It's, it is one of them things that it's like y'all really ain't got nothing better to do. I think I honestly feel like it's somebody like who started it and wanted to see how far it can go. Like, 'cause if anything hit the internet, people ain't even gotta see it. It they just Run with. But do you really think a hundred men could whoop a gorilla ass? No. A go A gorilla? A Emini here. A gorilla? Yeah. I, I don't think so Either. No. No. But apparently it is a video that everybody saw And I haven't seen it.


Oh it was, oh I ain't see that shit. Yeah, no. Never seen it. It is not even a video. It was nothing. Somebody started it and they just kept on going. This person hypothetical risk. Hypothetical. Oh no. Okay, well we well we know that ain't gonna happen. Just The power of the internet. The internet is powerful and, and since y'all so powerful out there, can y'all please go watch Miss Pat settles it every Wednesday night and then season four follows it and then season five drops in the fall. That's right. I could use that money and to keep going And you know, Charlemagne got me on a regiment to lose weight and the only way I'm gonna be able to afford this year is Y'all watch the show? Yes. What's up with the Crack Baby show? I don't know, it's still, you know, I put it in somebody's hands and they haven't said Yay or Nate. Yeah. But I really wanna make that show.


I really do. I it probably Sound Tyler Perry would be interested in. Did you reach Out? No. Well it's a cartoon. It's a animation. Yeah, it's an animation. Oh, okay. It's about, and it's, it's cracked with a k 'cause little kids that falls through the system, you know, like me. So I was gonna tell some great stories, but we haven't gotten it out. The grant take TV for Yeah that would Be dope. A cartoon that a animation Crack. Yeah. Have you and Tyler ever spoke? All the time. All the time. I talk to Tyler all the time. Nice Guy. Yeah, no, Tyler's fantastic. Andy gives great advice because I just feel like, And I don't know if they can do it at the BET awards or something, there gotta be some type of Miss Pat Madia crossover at some point. Everybody keeps Saying They gotta be there gotta be a Miss Pat Mya.


Like something, remember how back in the day they did that fake trailer for Wanda and Shene on BET. They should do that for Ms. Pat and Mya. Like act like it's a movie coming or something. I, You know, I don't live far from him but I I I love Tyler. Nah, Tyler. Yeah. I go to his house and got good food. Good guess. Nice. And I like when I could be in a setting when somebody's just human, you know? That's right. It is. All the bullshit is out the door. You, that's the type of person I like. Right. I like to catch you with no makeup on and you know, not have a bath and stuff like that. I like real people now that, that, that ain't what happened over there. This, I just like real people. I don't wanna hear your fake ass voice. I hate when people talk, well, hey girl, breathe bitch. Talk to me like you talk to your creditor. So if I don't get that from people, I don't care to be around them.


That's What people don't realize about Tyler Perry. He's real. He's A nigga. He's, he's He black and he love his people. That's right. And and you know, he love what he doing and, and you know, you hear, you know, you see this big old thing of Tyler Perry and then you, when you get to meet him, you like he just him Debbie Allen is the same way I go to Debbie. Can I tell y'all something? Debbie Allen can fucking cook. I've been to her house several times. She cook. Shut Up. Shut, shut up. Go ahead. I see the way I didn't say nothing. You see that supposed you looking at her? I'm gonna stop you. Thank you. I'm just watching her tell a story. She can and yes I did eat my ass off. Yes. I eat my Ass. You never thought otherwise we what you mean For, for this interview to be over.


He saying you see how she kept bringing up all 'em stories about food and people cooking. The only thing she know about somebody is that they can cook food. Yeah, food. Debbie Allen can cook food. Debbie Allen can cook. Debbie Allen can cook Emini here. I ain't gonna go for the bullshit. You know what, what else? Come on. But You know what, but the thing that's true about what you're saying about both of them, those are people who put black first. Yes. People be giving Tyler Perry all this flack for No, it's like who puts on as many black people as Tyler Perry who employs as many black people as Tyler Perry. And and he give you free knowledge. He that's right. Because he care about you. You know. Yeah. You don't even have to ask him like the times I've been over there and sideline and talk to him and just free knowledge and I'm sitting there like I'm talking to fucking Tyler Perry. Yeah. You know the times when I asked Debbie Allen to shoot the pilot for the mis patch show, she came in and she wrapped her arms around us and she made that pile Black Emini here even I remember Debbie told somebody to repaint the wall and that's not a color black people have in their house.


Wow. The yellow was too bright. Like it was like it was a Mexican color. And she's like, Uhuh black people will use that, that bright color. Right. Not that she said that, but I was looking at the wall and was like, fuck that is bright like a Mexican restaurant. Fuck you. And Def was like that bright, that yellow is too bright. Tone it down we're black. Nice. And she made him repaint the wall. And that's what you see in the kitchen of the Miss Pat show now. Wow. That's what's so I love when, I love when you can be around people who, who still black in this industry because this industry is so fake and so phony and it's hard to find real friends. It really is. Yeah. And now you're on tour as well. I'm on tour. I'm in Cleveland this weekend.


Come on Cleveland. Get your tickets then. I'm in Virginia Beach. That's all out Virginia Beach out. I just added a show in Virginia Beach. Okay. I did. So go get your tickets for the matinee show. Work the shit out of me. Oh. And then you going back to Ohio. Columbus. Columbus, Columbus. Come on Columbus. Get your tickets. You at hilarity this weekend? I Love Hilarity. Yes. Made ninth through the 11th. What The hell is Winnipeg? Manitoba? Canada. Canada. Oh nice. Yeah. Okay. I hope I can make it in and make it out with the situations we in right now. You be good. No, I went to Belize and they stopped me 'cause been to Canada before. I been to Canada many times. But when I, when I told, you know, I have custody of my niece kids and shout out to my niece who smoke crack, but I, when I went into Belize with her kids, I have full custody and they stopped me and the man act like he couldn't read the adoption paper.


But I had, I had research and they said bring all the paperwork. And they was like, well these ain't your kids. I said, man, here go the damn paper right here. And I had to point out everything 'cause he stopped me with two kids and about to send us back. Oh. 'cause trafficking is so big. That's why Well, trafficking Yeah. Child, do I look like ing a child, child? I said, sir, I don't want these kids. They gave me these kids. Who the hell still kids and take 'em on a vacation. But they finally letters us in for about 30 minutes when they question the kids, who the hell I wore? I said, look at these kids. These some spoiled ass brats. Yeah. You sure they didn't think he was smuggling nothing. Smuggling? Yeah. I'm just, just, I'm just saying. So What? I got donuts in my naval. God Damn no man.


One of 'em smuggling. I don't know. That's usually why they stop you when you coming from outta the country. No, I'm, I was going on vacation. I even had on a tank top it said I was going to get naked in another country. What? That's what the tank top. Well I hate you. Why you that? I dunno. When I get my BBL I'm gonna give you, you coming in with no Goddamn B You cannot get that shit. Shit. Don't you come in with no BB Don't Do that. No. I'm gonna get my, if I lose weight, I will get my stomach done. But I would not, I I I have a lot of ass, I don't, I don't already Right. Don't get no damn bbl L No, I'm not getting any. I'm a I Hey, I've had fun in my life. I don't mind getting old. I've just turned 53 in April.


I love that Emini here. I'm in a happy marriage. And you look I'm happy. Successful. Yes, I'm successful. I think so. And I'm having the time of my life. That Is going to be, I, that's like a whole other book. Right. Because people you had success what, after after the age of 45, right? I did. Wow. I'm in the middle of writing another book now. Love it. Congratulations. I can't wait till y'all hear all the stories and things I had to go through in this book. But it's it's gonna be great. It's gonna be great. So I'm happy. I'm happy. What you love, love you. I two Charlemagne check out New episodes of Miss Pat Settles it Wednesdays at 10:00 PM and we appreciate that. I love him. Miss Ack, when season five starts I gonna see Season five starts in the fall. That's all I can say right now. Okay. Okay. Season five starts in the fall, so make sure y'all get tickets to all the places that I'm going before.


'cause hey, we need to laugh. This is a time that we need to laugh. And, and Scott Mills is about to be up here. He might be up here now if you need to press him about anything. Scott Mill is about to be up here. Yeah. Yeah. He up here now. We got him Names. Oh, okay. Well I I I was just texting with him this morning. What are you up here For? The BI think The BET awards. Yeah. 1 0 6 Park. They bring one Park back Park T Awards. Yeah. Oh, they about to bring it back for the BT Awards. I don to bring it back, but it's like something special for the BET watch. Yeah. And he's here with AJ Terrance and Ross, Like a tribute type situation. Oh, that's awesome. That was, that was, that was, that was back in the day when I had a shape. I know that's right. Yes. Nah, It wasn't that long ago up, man. It's, I'm about to put this Motherfucker.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Kill him. Kill him. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Okay.


Have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Summer on the south side of Chicago is heating up new planning revenge onto the Shy is back May 16th on Paramount. Plus, it's a season of the women. Women. This is on chance it's time to get to work, but the men aren't giving up without a fight. There's always going to have a villain. No one is backing down in the Showtime original series from Emmy Award winner Lena Away. Why do black women always have to save the day if we don't do it? Who else will? The shy new season streaming May 16th on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan, you're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.