
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


Piece to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne. The God and Summit in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne tha God Jess, Hilarious. DJ Envy is not here today, but we got a very special guest, the Vice chairman of the dnc. Yes. And the co-founder of the March for Our Lives. David Hodge is here. Hey, it's ho right? Hog like the pig. It is like the pig. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I always see the two G's And I don't know if it's hodge or no. Appreci ho. Good to see you man. Good. You too. You know, I, I really appreciate a lot of the things that you've been doing because you are challenging the Democratic establishment And I just think we need more of that. Yeah, I certainly agree. I think the fact of the matter is right now we have seen last election we lost voting share with nearly every single demographic out there.


And we also lost against Donald Trump of all people. Right. And if that's not a sign that we need to dramatically change, I don't know what is. So that's really what we're out here trying to do is help to elevate a new generation and also make sure that nobody feels like, you know, that they can just be in their position of power forever. Because ultimately this is democracy last I checked. Right. And it's about making sure that we have the best representation possible in every district. Do you feel like the democratic establishment uses young activists as mascots more than partners? Certainly at times it can't happen Emini here. I know for a fact when I, when I started running for this position, you know, there were people who were certainly resistant, who I ended up talking to a lot of the time.


That was actually one of my favorite parts about running for this position. 'cause when you're running to be a vice chair, you have to call people and obviously earn their vote. And one of my favorite parts about it was talking to the people who at first did not wanna vote for me. Yeah. At all. Emini here, there was one person who I talked to who actually said in one of my first calls that I made to ask for their support. That, And I never talked to this person before this, that said that I should not do this, I cannot win. And that there's absolutely no pathway to victory for me. Wow. And that they would not vote for me. That was the first call that I had. Very welcoming. Right. But what I said to them was like, I understand that you're not in a position where you feel like you're not gonna be able to support me, but ultimately I care a lot about the constituency group that you represent. So I wanna keep talking to you because even if you don't vote for me, I do care about what you care about.


And ultimately they ended up coming around and supporting me and being a huge supporter as well. And you were a survivor of the Parkland shooting. Was that what sparked, you know, the, the, the thought to get into politics? Yeah. Emini here before this I wanted to be a journalist. Okay. 'cause I wanted to scare the crap outta politicians that I thought were corrupt as hell and didn't do anything ultimately. But I realized after Parkland, when my classmates And I mobilized for people that may not remember, we had the, one of the largest school shootings in American history happened at my high school in Parkland. And my classmates And I were obviously devastated after that. But I would say just as much as that we were furious. Yeah. Because we grew up hearing from our politicians their thoughts and prayers over and over again after these shootings.


But they weren't really doing anything. Right. I was, I think I was in middle school when Sandy Hook happened. I wasn't even alive when Columbine happened. That's how long this has been going on for. And we went out there and we didn't say go out and vote for Democrats or Republicans necessarily. We said, go out and vote for morally just leaders that represent you and your values. And what we saw was one of the largest youth voter turnouts in American history. We took back the house and what we saw as well is after Parkland, we didn't go out there, even though there was a lot of the, the pollsters and consultants and pundits that brought the Democratic Party to the place that it is right now. Who told us no, you can't talk about taking on the NRA, the organization that stops these gun laws from changing a lot of the time. Insanity. You Can't talk about banning assault weapons 'cause that's too unpopular.


'cause this is Florida. It's a Republican state gun laws get weaker here because we did the opposite of what all those purported experts told us to do. We actually did change gun laws in Florida. Yeah. 'cause you're not fixing the problem if you don't go after Things. Exactly. You have to address it. And because of that, we raised the age to buy a gun to 21 the, for context of the shooter at my high school, he couldn't buy a handgun from a federally licensed dealer 'cause he wasn't 21 yet. But he could purchase an AR 15. And then we passed a red flag law that can disarm people that are, are risk themselves and others that has been used over 19,000 times in the state of Florida to disarm people that, for example, threaten to shoot up a high school or harm their intimate partner for, you know. And thousands of lives have been saved from that. And what I learned from that experience is that it, it's actually summed up well by Dolores Huerto, who I asked one time at a protest.


She's a major civil rights activist obviously. And later in the Farm workers movement, amazing person. I asked her, what is the most important thing that you need to tell any young person or activist that wants to make change that they need to know? And what she said to me is, it doesn't matter whether or not the change is, is actually possible. It's whether or not you can make people believe that the change is possible more than anything. And that's what we did after Parkland. And I think what we're trying to do now is take that generation of young people who have been let down in so many ways by their political system, whether it's through gun violence inside of school or outside of school, whether it's the housing crisis, the student debt crisis or so much more. And show them that there's a new generation of people coming in that are people like Congressman Maxwell Frost.


I don't know if you know this person. He's the youngest member of Congress. He started, he was working for March for Our Lives while I was in college. And he called me up and he said he wanted to run for Congress. And I said, that's awesome. But you know, you're 24, right? Mm. You have to be 25 to get elected to Congress. And Maxwell does, you know, he didn't come from some super fancy background. His parents aren't super wealthy or anything like that. He's just a normal person. And when he was running, he had to Uber Drive from 9:00 PM to 2:00 AM every night while running for Congress. And he was running against two former members of Congress, one of whom was a hedge fund manager while they were a member of Congress. Not a conflict of interest at all. Right. And then the other one had committed tax fraud while they were in Congress.


And Maxwell has written off by the establishments so much they said, you know, he's a great person, but we, he can't win. He can't raise that kind of money. And we helped him raise, I helped him raise about $400,000 in his first two quarters. But the thing is, the most important thing that somebody needs to run for office is the will, the grit and the determination to get elected. But they also need a substantial amount of funding in order to get elected. And far too many young people with that grit and determination struggle to get there. And that's why we do what we do at Leaders We Deserve. Because Maxwell ended up with that determination and that support becoming the youngest member of Congress that helped to spearhead an effort to get the Biden administration to address, to address gun violence in a more substantial manner. And be shortly after I graduated from college, I found myself sitting in the Rose Garden at the White House with Congressman Maxwell Frost, who I had just, I literally hired from my freshman dorm room introducing the President of the United States to create something called the Office of Gun Violence Prevention that helped to coordinate the federal government's response to gun violence.


And they oversaw about a 25% reduction in gun homicides over the course of about three years from that work. And that's because of the pressure that Maxwell helped to put on. But imagine if we had 30 Maxwells in Congress. David, going back to the shooting, I You were just 17 when that happened. Right. And I can only imagine, like what was, I know you said you guys were furious, but what is something from that day, what do you remember most about that day that sticks with you today? I think what I remember most was just the, the sense of, of anger that I had at what had happened.


But it was more righteous indignation kind of at like the injustice of what had happened. Because I had spent the past four years in my speech and debate classes studying, you know, arguing about gun control for example. And having to argue on both sides of it, both for and against it. You don't get to decide which side you're arguing on. You have to argue on both. And I was frustrated because I felt like I, maybe myself and my classmates could have done something before this because of what we knew from that education that we didn't, that could have potentially prevented it. So that's a lot of what I think about. And of course too, the, the fear that one has. When my sister was just 14 years old that day and she lost four friends.


That's really what I was thinking about was for the first time in my life, I I, you know, there wasn't anything that I could do to help my sister feel better other than to try to stop this from happening to other people. And that sense of helplessness is really what I hold onto. But I also remember the, the friendship and comradery that my classmates And I, and the parents and teachers and other people that we worked with had in order to hold these politicians feet to the fire. Because if there's anything that I learned from that experience, when I originally went out and started talking about it, I wasn't doing it as an activist. Hmm. I was doing it as a journalist 'cause I wanted to talk about what happened that day. But I soon realized it wasn't gonna be enough to do that because you can't just talk about what's wrong.


Yeah. You gotta make it better. That's right. And say what needs to be done. Right. And journalists often can't do that. And what's an even better way of scaring, I like to say vinne. The, the, the only good politician is a scared politician that is afraid of losing their job, frankly. And we need a lot more of that. And what's a lot better to do, a lot better of a way of doing that than just writing a bad story is running somebody against them or having a massive jet youth voter turnout that helps to defeat the NRA. And that's just what my generation did. Yeah. In 2018, people told us, you young people are great, you're really inspirational, but you don't vote. That's the problem. And we said, okay, watch us.


So we did and we ended up defeating more NRA backed incumbents in the US House than ever before in American history. And in the time since we actually passed, just after you of all day, the first federal gun law in 30 years. Wow. As well. And it's not nowhere near enough. There are still people every day that live in fear of gun violence. Students that live in fear of gun violence. And let, we have to be clear too, what happened in Parkland is horrifying and should never happen again. But most of the young people that are dying from gun gun violence aren't dying in school and they aren't getting nearly enough attention. And we need to make sure that we're providing a holistic solution so that kids don't feel in danger on their way to school or inside of their classroom at the same time. But not only just focus on one or the other, but focus effectively on both.


Ha Have you encountered more resistance from Democrats or Republicans when trying to push real reform In, in which sense? On, in terms of Gun Reform, right? Just any type of reform period. Emini here. Honestly, I think a lot of the challenge is that I think the, the resource that our party lacks more than anything, it's not cash. We certainly are good at raising money. Right. The resource that we lack is courage, in my opinion. I agree. I think that's the one strategy democrats have not tried. And What, what exactly what kills me about that is that think about all the most prolific things that our party has helped to usher in in the past. Right. Whether it's the social security system, right. Medicaid or Medicare, which now are getting cut of course in part because some of our members of Congress literally passed away in office and that vote very likely would not have gone through that just went through that is going to cut billions of dollars in funding from Medicaid and so much more.


And what I think what I'm always coming back to is what those people said to us after Parkland, which is, you can't talk about this because it's too bold, it's too out there, it's too much. You need to add, you need to be very incremental. Who was the, who was saying that? Was it Republicans, Democrats Or both? Or Emini here? It was a lot of pollsters and consultants and other people on the Democratic side saying, you don't understand. This is too controversial. You can't push for this. Wow. What we did though is because we actually spoke authentically about what we actually believed and went out there and said this is what needs to happen. We got Republicans in our state, which was a Republican trifecta on the defense and we changed gun laws and saved lives. But imagine if we didn't have that courage.


Imagine if we listened to those people that said that we can't over and over again. Right. I think part of the reason why I would say one of the last times that we were the strongest as a party was shortly after Barack Obama was elected. And I think part of the reason we had such a massive wave wasn't just because of the recession that we just went through, but it was because it wasn't because he had a message of we can't, We can change. Change you can believe in. And that is the most powerful force that we need to tap into, is we need to reignite the American people's vision of what kind of country we could be ultimately. Right. And not just talk about how we're against Donald Trump. Of course we are. But talk about what are we trying to build as an alternative. Yeah. Right. And what I think about is look, Charlamagne, I'm, I'm not, I'm not a democrat 'cause I think that we're God's greatest gift or we're perfect by any means.


Right. It's because I believe in the party that we can be. And I believe in what we have done as a party in those moments when we did have courage when we passed the Affordable Care Act so that people didn't get kicked off their insurance for a preexisting condition. That's why my father, when he got diagnosed with early onset Parkinson's disease didn't get kicked off insur his insurance. And then my family didn't go bankrupt because we had the social security system that he paid into throughout his life to support him and his family. Should he get the unfortunate consequences of having a life altering thing like that. But what I also think about is how I ended up in Parkland in the first place. And that's because when my dad was diagnosed with Parkinson's and faced an early medical retirement, we very likely wouldn't be able to continue to afford to live in California where we lived at the time because of the housing crisis out there.


That's not because of Republicans. Right. That's because of Democrats. And then we moved to Florida. And I love the consequences of Republicans failure to, to address gun safety. So I wanna make sure that not only are we defeating Republicans, but we're not just defeating them to defeat them, but we're actually doing something with that power to address the housing crisis, to address gun violence and ensure just more recently when my dad passed last September, I'm sorry. Sorry To hear that. Thank you. When my, when my dad passed last September, I was reminded of how much more work we have to do because when he was on his death head, despite being a Navy helicopter pilot with full VA benefits and a medically retired FBI agent, his cost of care monthly for at-home care was $19,000 a month.


Wow. I had to make a spreadsheet to figure out how long my family could afford to keep my dad alive. Damn. Despite all of those things. And the only reason why we didn't go bankrupt is because he did not live long enough for that to happen. And that is an impossible decision that no person in this country should have to make between caring for a loved one or going bankrupt or paying for heat or paying for insulin or getting a college degree or not having a lifetime of debt for example. That's why I'm a democrat because I know the power of what can happen when we do have courage, when we fight for what we actually believe in. And we don't just cower and say No, we need to do this tiny incremental thing when hundreds of millions of people are struggling around the country.


Right. Now, Do you, do you think Democrats are afraid of upsetting wealthy donors even when the issue is life or death? Like Gun Reform? When it comes to Gun Reform? I don't think the issue is necessarily wealthy donors, to be honest with you. Okay. I think that there certainly are conflicts with, with that. I think the bigger issue that I look at is the fact that we have corporations that are literally giving money to our politicians that are directly incentivized not to address the broken healthcare system, for example. Right. That are directly incentivized to not do all kinds of things that the American people need. We need our government to fight against special interests, not be in bed with special interests. Right. I agree. That's why our candidates, when we support them leaders, we deserve in the funding that we get to support our candidates.


They get, we get funding from 200,000 people around the country with an average donation of $22. We don't take money from corporations and our candidates, they don't take money from corporations either. And we, we say to them as well, if you take money from corporations, we will find a different young person to run against you and we will primary you to hold you accountable. 'cause we have to reform the campaign finance system because ultimately that is the thing that is keeping all of these issues exist, making 'em exist at the same time. Because ultimately these politicians are able to stay in their positions of power. 'cause they continue to get funding from the NRA. They continue to get funding from all these special interests that stop us from making progress and having the courage to address those most substantial issues in the first place.


Lemme Ask you a question, David. At what moment did you realize you were more of a threat than an asset to democratic leadership? I wouldn't say that I'm a, I would say that I'm still an asset because I would say that this much is true. Right. If you are in democratic leadership, I, I kind of have a strange metaphor for this, but if you're in democratic leadership, it's kind of like being the coach of a baseball team. Right? Like sure, could you go out against a group of fifth graders and hit a home run? Absolutely. But ultimately, if you can't get other people on base, right. Because they can't even swing the bat sometimes it's not a matter of what type of bat they're using. Yeah. It's a matter of can they swing to actually get on base in the first place.


And it's a matter of getting new players. Ultimately. It's not a matter of, oh, can we, can we just do more and more training? And I think what we need to do more of in our own party is yes, we have to fight back to defeat Republicans, but we also need to give people something true and authentic to vote for. Where we're showing people how the reason you vote for us isn't just so that we have a majority. It's so that we use our majority to help you. Right. Because if we stuck with that politics of cowardice, we never would've passed the Affordable Care Act in the first place. We never would've passed so many of the most monumental pieces of legislation then now we're helping hundreds of millions of Americans around the country. So of course there are challenges with democratic leadership, but what I would say is, especially in the case of somebody like Hakeem Jeffries, let's get him the majority so we can see what he can actually do with that majority in the first place.


He, He's not gonna do anything. And I can see, here's the thing, And I, And I, I treat it like anything else. Right. Like, you know how they say money doesn't change you, it just, it just multiplies whatever you already are. More power's not gonna change these people. If you're a coward with no power, you're gonna be a coward with power. We've seen plenty of Democrats who have power who are still cowards. Hakeem ain't going to do nothing different with power. Well I think if we have with more power, I think if we have the right people elected that are out there, they're gonna be able, ultimately, sometimes it's not a matter of what you wanna do when you have to get elected to those positions within the house. For example, if we get more people elected that are saying, no, this is not enough. We have to fight harder. That we're not just, we're not just gonna stick in our positions of power forever.


And we're going to say to you for example, that if we're gonna vote for you, this is what we want to see. 'cause obviously he has to be elected to be the majority speaker of the house. Yeah. By having some of the, some more of those young people that are on the front lines of these issues of addressing that. I know in those internal deliberations that it's not so much a matter of what he wants to do. It's more a matter of if he wants to get elected, he's going to have to be able to fight harder. And I know that those young people will push, push him to do that. And if they feel like he's not going to, then they won't vote for him. Have you ever been directly warned by anyone in the, the Democratic party to stay in your lane? Like I'm like, I'm talking about like, I know some people say things publicly, but like behind the scenes have they like really threatened you?


There certainly are are real challenges to the work that we are doing. But I'm not gonna let that stop me. You know, I wouldn't say necessarily that it's like somebody is directly coming to me and saying, if you don't stop this, this is gonna happen to you. Or something like that. Yeah. But they, that's not how a lot of these things work inside of DC a lot of the time. It's not necessarily necessarily an overt threat. It is saying it is essentially a tacit threat that we hear a lot of the time knowing that if X thing happens then y could happen to you. Right. Why not call it out though? Like, like why not do, 'cause ultimately it is what I care more about is when there are people that, that go against me. Whether it was, for example in in the vice chair race, I know the power from my own work in gun violence prevention of being a bigger person working towards victory.


And ultimately when you do that, a lot of those people start to come around because a lot of the time in DC we have a lot of wind socks that go just whichever way the wind is blowing. Mm. Right. Whichever side that they think is gonna win. And I believe in a politics of being able to reconcile those differences and work together despite what people say. Because what's even more powerful charlamagne is that when when somebody comes out and tries to go overtly against you, right? And they know that they did that to you, but they see that you start to win. And that's ultimately what they care most about then if you don't go out there and start calling them out publicly, one, it's not nearly as divisive. And two, it shows that you're trying to be a real leader and ultimately they and oftentimes feel guilty about it and they wanna try to make up for it by working to help you because they want to be on the side of winning.


And ultimately that's what we're trying to do here, if that makes sense. How do you respond to people that say that your work is too political And what could you, could you elaborate a Little bit Emini here? 'cause you know, obviously like to, to the point that he said how people, you don't really stay in your lane. Yeah. Like, you don't, like, you're, you're doing this for selfish reasons and not because you actually care about, you know, the whole party. It's to advance your political career. No, no, no. So what I'll say is when I, when I was 18 I, I said that I wanted to run for Congress because I thought that would be the best way to make change. But I realized when I was working with people like Maxwell and other, other young people around the country, how hard it is to raise money and get the resources to get elected because of course courage is that resource that we lack the most.


But those courageous people, they need cash in order to get elected. And I could be one person myself to go out there and maybe I get elected to Congress, but ultimately what is more, what is gonna be more beneficial for the future, right? One, I often do get physically threatened, not necessarily by Democrats necessarily by any means, but by a lot of people who don't agree with the things that I say about strengthening gun laws. My family And I, we got probably over a thousand death threats after the shooting, I would say between online and directly in the mail. My house got swatted as well. Yeah. And what I frankly have to think about is that I, I can't just be one person doing this.


Right. And there's a whole movement of people out there that are doing this. A whole movement of young people that have gone through these school shootings. And what I wanna help do is I don't wanna just be one vote that's out there. I wanna help bring in a generation that is truly representative of our generation and not just what, you know, somebody who's able to raise as much money as possible to get elected looks like. And that's what we're trying to do with this is look at all the candidates that we supported last cycle where we helped elect the youngest person in the Georgia legislature ever who's a seventh grade algebra teacher. Right. Look at the person who we elected Dante Pittman in North Carolina who helped to break the Republican super majority out there. Look at people like Na, Darius Clark in Virginia who broke the Republican majority in the house and help pass all this stuff. So the reason why I'm doing this is because I want to help bring in, I don't wanna just walk through that door myself and close it behind me.


I don't want to just keep the door open. I want to take the door off the damn hinges and enable it so that future young people don't need to have the door held, held open for them in the first place. What they need to do that though is they need the funding to get elected and make sure that they have the right values so that they're able to reform our campaign finance system. Because what I look at this as ultimately is an insurance policy for the gun safety movement where President Biden's generation, they didn't go through school shooter drills, but they went through a different type of drill. They went through nuclear bomb drills and they went on to pass some of the largest arms reduction treaties in human history to limit those nuclear weapons. And I think that's in part because they felt the anxiety of what it was like to be told by your government just hide under your desk to survive a nuclear bomb.


And the epic failure of leadership that that is, And I believe for the difference from our generation is that the bomb is going off multiple times a year. Absolutely. Right. So let's get them elected so that they can lead like Congressman Frost boldly on this instead of me just being one vote. Because it isn't about me, it's about our generation. And the story of are we gonna continue having conversations like this in the future where school shootings remain in the headlines and gun violence remains in the headlines And so many issues that we should not have to deal with in the richest country in human history remain in the headlines? Or are we gonna leave them where they belong in the history books? Gimme some other names because you know, you keep mentioning Maxwell Frost. Who do you think is the voice of the Democratic Party? Or, or who do you think should be the voice of the Democratic Party?


Or is there multiple voices? Well, I think one, there's gonna be multiple voices, right? I I think one of the great things about our party that also creates some challenges is, look, we are not a cult. Right. We can Have, I can't tell in recent years. Well, sometimes I, I understand what you're saying, certainly given some of the responses that I've gone to this. But ultimately we are not a party with somebody like Donald Trump at the top that says, you have to believe every single thing right here or else you were excommunicated and we're gonna try to destroy your life necessarily. It's not nearly, I don know if that's true, David. Well, I've looked at the way people, people would, would really get upset with you if you had anything negative to say about President Biden when he was the one that we should have been speaking out about the most.


Right. And I, I under, I completely agree with you actually. I think one of the challenges in that regard that we have to address in our politics is that we have created a culture where people are told repeatedly what they wanna hear instead of what they need to hear. Right. And what I believe happened in that regard is look, when you're in the White House, and I've seen this in different ways, either in the White House or in other places, you wanna keep your job. And the best way to do that is ensure that you get this person reelected again. And I think what happens far too often in our politics is that people get too comfortable and they just tell people what they want to hear instead of what they need to hear over and over and over and over again.


And frankly, part of why I'm doing this is because what I met with President Biden in 2023 for, for an hour in the Oval Office. And one of the things that, that, I'm sorry that happened to you. Well, It was a good meeting and it was, it was after he created the Office of Gun Violence Prevention at the White House that saw about a 25% reduction in gun homicides around the country. Part of the challenge is though you're not gonna hear about the shooting, that doesn't happen. Right. But I was meeting with him in that regard. And did you see The decline in him then? So I, that was one of the challenges is I didn't see it personally. And what I wish I had told him though, because he asked me how do I win back younger voters, what I wish I had told him, which of course I would've been laughed to other room if I said this was that he shouldn't run for office again.


That Was the but that was the thing that should have been said. I know, but that's what needed to be said. I was Saying that and everybody was so mad at me And that, but that's part of the problem, is we need to have a more open conversation about these things. 'cause we also created an environment where people felt like they were excommunicated if they dared to say anything about it. And I it, to some extent, I understand people were afraid about potentially reelecting Donald Trump, but ultimately look at where we ended up. That's right. Right. We need to build a culture inside of our party where we are telling people what they need to hear and not just what they wanna hear. That's what I did when I ran for vice chair. When I ran for this position. I said, I, you know what I'm not gonna do? I'm not gonna be a politician. I'm not gonna contort myself into some bullshit pretzel of whatever you wanna see of some bullshit mirage of, you know, when they asked me, should Joe Biden have dropped out?


I said, yes, absolutely. He should have, obviously. And then when they asked me why we lost the election, I said, why did we lose the election? Voters told us two things. They said, prices are too high and Joe Biden is too old. And we said to them, with the power of $2 billion behind us. No he's not. Yes he is. And then we said, no they aren't. Look at the stock market like, And the majority of people don't have fucking stocks. Exactly. And if you tell people not to believe their eyeballs or their wallets That's right. You're gonna lose them. That's right. And I think what we need to build in the party is a culture of, of addressing the realities that people are actually going through and what they're actually feeling. Not just what a chart is telling us that they should be feeling, but actually listening to them. And what we're here to do is build that culture regardless of whether or not people like it or not.


Because it needs to say, if you aren't gonna listen and understand that frankly, sometimes people should not be in these positions of power anymore because the consequences are, if you die in an office, we may lose a vote like we just did. That's going to cost billions and billions of dollars and, and people to lose their healthcare because they chose to stay in power for so long that they literally died.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Brands spend $32 billion every year on influencer marketing, yet most still don't know if it's actually working. Are you seeing a positive ROI from your influencer campaigns? Or is your team just tracking mics and follows? At Jive PR and Digital, we turn influencer engagement into real, measurable sales. Our clients see a 50% lower cost per acquisition compared to traditional ads. No more wasted budgets, no more guessing. Head to jive pr digital.com to see if your brand is a fit


Yoki about


this. It's your boy Bohan. And I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go


There. Emini here. Imagine a scenario like this to your point of what you were talking about. Imagine we, we had a scenario where we won, you know, a two seat majority in the house. We would've already lost it because several of our members have died in office. Mm. That should not be the case. They need to be, we need to be training up the next generation and passing down that knowledge and not s ticking around so long that they're just there forever. And I know that's uncomfortable for some people to hear And I certainly get a lot of heat for saying that. And it's not to say that there isn't, you know, that I don't have respect for those people. They've done incredible look work and prolific work. But ultimately we have to figure out how do we train up the next generation to build the best democratic party possible.


Because I think what happens is a lot of people don't wanna train up their successor because that is a threat to them. Because if you can be, if you train up somebody well enough, you're gonna train them so well that you could potentially be replaced. And that's scary to them. But ultimately, this isn't about you, it's about the country, it's about the party and it's about what are we doing not only to defeat Donald Trump. He, he's look, he's old. I know Joe Biden's old Donald Trump is old too. I don't know how much longer he's gonna be around. Right. Why don't we Keep saying defeat Donald Trump though. He's, he won. Right. Exactly. So that's what I'm getting at is we can't just talk about what are we doing to defeat Donald Trump? What are we doing to defeat him? He won. Yeah. What are we doing to defeat what empowered him?


Ultimately, what are we doing to address the fact that right now he's taking millions and millions of dollars into his own cryptocurrency, that I think it's very likely that foreign governments are buying to buy favor with him. Right. What are we doing to address the fact that hi, his own administration is kidnapping students for op-eds that they've written. That's horrifying. And the fact that right now, despite all of that, that our party's approval rating is that 27% should tell us, ev it is an indictment of our party. My question to the people that don't agree with this is what is the plan? Yeah. To address that. If it's not new leadership, you everybody loves to say it's just new messaging. It's just new messaging. The problem is in DC or the guiding philosophy that guides far too many of our principles is what pisses off the least people and what raises the most money.


That's not a winning strategy. 'cause that's what's what brought us here. Congressman Jim Clyburn said that, you know, you know what, what do you want them to do? Give up their life? And you told 'em to get over, get over themself. What did you, what did you mean by that? What I was getting at more in particular is, first and foremost, I think people like Jim Clyburn are incredibly important figures in our party and have a incredible legacy. What I was getting at was not specific to him. What I was getting at was specific to the culture that we have in the party that I've heard from many members across the board. Which is to say, if if I leave, I feel like my life is over and that's why I'm there And I need to be there. That's not a good enough reason to be in office, frankly. I agree. Like do. Right. I completely agree. And the question, And I love Congressman Clapman.


Right, of course. But the question should be, are you the best representative possible? And maybe he is ultimately, his voters obviously reelected him, so maybe he is. But the question that we need to be facing here, it is that it ultimately, it's not about any single one of us. It's about this party. It's about what are we doing to make sure that people that rely on food stamps aren't having funding cut. Like we just saw, what are we doing to make sure that the tens of millions of people that rely on Medicaid aren't having Republicans cut funding from that? Because several of our members died while in office. And that is part of what enabled them to do that. Because ultimately I, we need to be focused on those several million people in the American people more than we need to be focused on ourselves.


And I'm not, let me be clear, I'm not saying that that's specific to Congressman Clyburn. Do You regret saying that? Like just that choice of words get over yourself. I think what I wish I was more specific and in that regard is that we have a culture in our party of saying like, well, you know, I feel like my life is over if I stay here forever and that's why I'm here. And that that's not a good enough reason of being there. And maybe that's not what he, and that's, maybe that's not what he was trying to say in that case, I agree with that because the American people's life could be over if you stayed too long. Clearly y'all, a lot of y'all have stayed too long and you know, y'all have been holding onto those same ideologies. And you, like you said, that that culture of the Democratic party has not benefited us. The thing that bugs me out the most is 2020, they told us, vote for President Biden to stop what is happening now.


And it didn't stop anything. He didn't, they didn't fight hard at all when they got in the office to stop what is currently going on in this country that's right now It's horrifying Emini here. There were things that I think that we did do to give them some level of credit. Right? We got the first federal gun law passed in 30 years. That's pretty prolific. That's part of what resulted in 25% reduction in gun homicides. It's nowhere near enough to be clear. But I'm talking about in regard to stopping authoritarian rule. Oh yeah. I I'm talking about in regard to stopping somebody, stopping somebody that, you know, wasn't going to uphold the constitution. They never acted like, well they talked like Donald Trump was a threat, but never really acted like it. Yeah. And I think what, what we should have done if, if we genuinely felt that way, we would've, we would have made sure that we were building a culture where we were telling people what they need to hear, including the President of the United States and not just what they wanna hear.


And frankly, the fact that I didn't say that in that meeting with President Biden is one of the biggest regrets that I have. Mm. And I will think about almost probably every day for the rest of my life is in those major moments. Sure. Would the president have listened to me? Probably not. And I probably would've just been laughed outta the room to be honest with you. But at least I would've told him what he needed to hear and not just what he wanted to hear ultimately. And that is what we gotta change in our party. And what I'll tell you this much is that comfortable politicians don't change. They don't. And I think right now there's far too much comfort in our party and a moment of crisis in our country with what we're seeing Donald Trump do across the board. I'm tired of seeing strongly written letters.


Right. Strongly written letters with eight strong questions. What I, what I think we need more of is people that are like Senator Van Holland. Right. Who said, who's a senator from Maryland that said he didn't just sit on his hands and say, I'm in the minority, I can't do anything. He said, Donald Trump disappeared one of my constituents to El Salvador and I'm going to El Salvador to talk to him. That's what it looks like. That's what fighting back looks like. But it's, it goes beyond that too as well. It's about an overall cultural shift in our party. Because right now I'm curious what you, what you guys think of this. If you ask the average American, if the Democratic party was an animal, guess what? The most common answer is A cowardly lion.


You wanna take a guess? Same cowardly lion, It's a turtle. Turtles are smart. No, you know what it is for Republicans? They're behind. What? It's a shark or a lion. People want somebody who fights for them ultimately. And that is what, what kills me about what we're saying is we are, we are fighting. I do genuinely believe for the right reasons and for the right people. But for far too many people, they clearly don't feel like we are fighting for them. Ultimately, they don't feel like we're addressing their real concerns. And what we need to do is elect people that are there to address those concerns and say, screw the special interests. We're here to represent you. We're not here to represent corporations. We're not in Congress to help. You know, an extremely wealthy group of people like Republicans are doing right now, where they are literally cutting billions of dollars in funding for Medicaid and, and food stamps in order to give a, I think it was a $5 trillion tax cut to the wealthiest Americans in this country.


They are literally taking from the poorest and most vulnerable members of our country and giving it to the most affluent and wealthy people. And Donald Trump likes to call this his big beautiful bill. It should be called the Big Bullshit Bill. That's what that is ultimately, because that's not the art of the deal. That's just total bullshit that he's pushing there. And I wonder if Democrats understand, like, you know, when Chuck Schumer talks about how bad this bill is, but then says he has to support it anyway. Do they not understand how that mis messaging makes me not ever believe anything that comes outta your Mouth? It's, it is awful. And I, and what I think we need to do is make sure that we're better coordinated between the left and the right hands. Right. Where the house and the Senate are properly talking to each other. And also if we do have to face a tough decision like that, like that's, say for a second that that Schumer in that position, let's say like he made the, the best of two bad, bad, the least bad of two bad, you know, decisions lesser of two evils.


Right. The lesser of two evils. We're tired of that though. But ultimately when we're in the minority, unfortunately we don't have the choice of that a lot of the time. Yeah. But even when they're in the majority, it's like we're picking the left. And it shouldn't be to be clear. And I think the way that we do that is we change our cast of characters to make sure that we are fighting harder and showing that we're going to fight to elect people that are like our first endorsed candidate, actually Senator Robert Peters in Illinois, who actually currently is in the same Senate seat as Barack Obama was when he was in the state legislature there. And the reason why we had him, just as an example of what we need more of to help make sure that we're pushing our leaders to be better. 'cause leaders are the consequences of the people that vote for them. Right. Whether that is the American people that are voting for them or that is the people inside of Congress that are voting for them.


Senator Peters in Illinois, what he did that was really remarkable to us is it's not enough just to have the right values. That is obviously the first and most important thing in terms of fighting to insure. Like he did that he's, he ended cash bail in the state of Illinois and they built a system where it's based off of how much of a risk somebody is to society, whether or not they get out, not whether or not they can afford to get out. But on top of that, he also did things like increased tenant protections and made it so that if you have a mental health crisis and your insurance companies don't love to pay for therapy a lot of the time. So part of what they addressed was prior authorizations for insurance. What we're looking for are people with the right values who also get shit done.


Right. Right. That's what I care about ultimately. And he passed over 120 bills through the legislature and got them signed into law. That is what we're looking for more of in Congress. People that have the experience, that have the grit, that have the determination and the will to get it done and have the lived experience that far too many members of Congress frankly only pretend to even know about. And he knows that himself because unfortunately at a younger age, he lost his parents went through the foster care system and went on to still become this prolific leader in the Illinois state legislature. And I think part of the reason for that is because he personally knows the consequences of what happens when we don't lead on these issues. And that's what we need a lot more of in Congress. But it's not just any young person to be clear.


Right. There's lots of young people who suck. There's lots of old people who are great. It's not as simple as saying, if you're above a certain age, you shouldn't necessarily be there. It's about effectiveness. Right. And the issue that I take more broadly speaking with the party right now is that it feels like we've leaned so much on this culture of seniority politics, that if you just wait for the most experienced people, that they're gonna be the ones to get things done the best over and over. And that's what we said over and over and over again. But that's what got us here. If that was the best situation for us to lead us outta these moments, I wouldn't be talking to you right now 'cause this wouldn't be a problem. Right. Because Donald Trump wouldn't have been elected again in the first place. But here we are. That's right. And experience matters.


But, but you, it has to be effective experience ultimately. Because if you're just there for 30 years and you don't know how to get things done, that experience doesn't mean anything. Right. But if you've been there for three years and you know how to get things done, that's a lot more important to me. Right. So we're not just looking to find any young person, we're looking to find the best of the best of our generation to get them elected around the country. What, What advice have older progressives given you privately that contradicts their public messaging? I've, I've heard from a lot of members of Congress that have thanked me for doing this, even some not so young members of Congress that have thanked me for doing this and said that this is dramatically needed, but they don't wanna speak out about it because they obviously don't wanna say that some of their colleagues shouldn't necessarily be there anymore.


But look, I'm willing to do that. I don't care. I didn't, I didn't get to this position by saying over and over again, oh, I'm just gonna conserve my political capital And I'm not, I'm just gonna be extremely risk averse. I know the consequences of what, of that type of politics. My generation knows the consequences of that type of politics of saying, oh, let's just, let's just cower ourselves and negotiate against ourselves more and more and more and more and more to the point that it, it makes us question why the hell are we even there in the first place, right? Because we're not there just to sit in a comfortable chair. We are there to get out of it and get things done to show people why they should vote for us. Not just because of how that we're the less bad of two options like you talk about, but that we're the best option overall.


Right. I'm tired of voting for the least bad of two options. Yeah. I wanna vote for the best option ultimately. I just got two more questions. Would you ever consider helping to start a third party of Democrats continue ignoring your generation's demand? No. Because this is not their party. Yeah. Ultimately, the people that are trying to, you know, that are against this, the Democratic party doesn't belong to anybody in leadership. It doesn't belong to me. It doesn't belong to any of the, the official members of the DNC or the, or the official leaders of the Democratic Party. The Democratic Party belongs to the American people and the millions of Democrats that are elected around the country that we are here to try to represent as much as possible.


So, no, I'm not about to leave and try to start my own party because ultimately this isn't, you know, the people that are against this, this isn't their party. It's all of our party and it's a matter of what type of party do we wanna build in the first place. Okay. My last question, I'm just gonna throw some names at you and because, 'cause these people to me represent what the next generation of Democrats could look like. I just wanna know what your thoughts of them are. Governor Westmore in Maryland. So I think Governor Westmore has done a pretty amazing job. He actually has a really cool program that I, I don't think has been talked about very much where he works, I think it's called, called like the Mid-Career program, where they've taken a class of several hundred young people and put them into different jobs around the state of Maryland. Mm. And it really helps get them started in their lives and their careers and like help turn things around.


And there've even been people that have gone into this program that, that I've heard about that started out literally homeless, that now have gone on to get jobs and do things like that. So that's great. I love Governor Westmore. I will say this much if, if, yeah, I can't, I can't talk at all about the, any PR potential presidential nominees. I'm not saying that he is or is not running, but I can't give any opinion specifically on, on that. Pete Buttigieg. I think Pete Buttigieg clearly was a very good secretary of transportation given the situation that we're in right now. And I think, I think with Pete, he represents a level of sanity that I think people are craving right now.


They're tired of the chaos that I think Donald Trump represents a lot of the time. Pe I don't think people wanna have a president that they have to hear about doing something ridiculous in the headlines every single day. That is frankly an embarrassment to our country and internationally as well. So I think Pete could be great. What I really like about him is that, and I'm just talking about like Future Leaders. I'm not talking about anything about presidential or anything like that to be extremely clear. That's what, that's what I'm saying. Just the next generation of what a Democrat looks like. What I really like about him is I think he does an excellent job of talking to people who don't agree with him. Hmm. Yes, I agree. That is what we need more of. When I was actually in college, I, I joined the shooting club, as you can imagine.


I was very popular there. Right. And I didn't do that because I was super popular. I did that 'cause I wanted to talk to the people who disagreed with me most. And what I realized from those conversations, at least on the issue of gun violence a lot of the time, is that it's, it's not even for a lot of people that they're super overtly against this. Even if they say that they're against it, a lot of the time when people don't agree with something on this, it's because they feel disrespected by you. They feel unheard, they feel looked down on. And when you have an actual conversation with them and say, okay, why do you feel this way? What can we agree on? And you start making progress with them. That's how I've talked to people who've said to me even crazy things like people who think that the shooting at my high school didn't happen, who I've engaged with. And said, obviously I don't agree with you on that because they're conspiracy theorists.


Right. Jesus. Yeah. And it's hard for me to have that conversation incredibly hard, but I'm not here to have easy conversations and get nothing done. I'm here to have hard conversations and help fundamentally change this issue so that no other generation has to live through it in the first place. And what I learned from those conversations is when they say an insult to me or they say something like, like I just mentioned, when I respond And I say, look, I can respect that you don't agree with me, but I can't accept the fact that you don't want school shootings or gun violence to continue either. So it's figure out what we can agree on. Even if it's a small thing. When I do that, at the end of every single conversation that I've had, like that without fail, if they continue talking to me, they end up apologizing and saying, I may not agree with you on everything, but I respect you.


And then they'll come back a lot of the time and say, actually I've changed my mind because of our conversation And I now support you. And I shouldn't have said that the shooting at your high school didn't happen And I was wrong for that. Wow. And I'm sorry. And that is what the most powerful force to me is, is how to turn that, that hatred into hope. That's how I think. So You didn't get kicked out the Shooting club? No, I didn't. Okay. No. I was one of the best shots on the team. Oh, okay. 'cause my dad was an FBI agent. But that's what I think Pete is really good at representing, is helping to kind of bring people together and talk to the people that don't agree. Yeah. And explain without compromising his values, what we believe as Democrats. And I think that's really powerful. Few more names. Governor Josh Shapiro. You know, I think with Josh Shapiro, he has a huge amount of favorability for a reason in Pennsylvania ultimately.


And you know, I think it's interesting as a swing state, they have a pretty close state legislature as well. And there's, there's been some great work that they've done on gun violence as well. Ja Crockett, Jasmine Crockett, I love her. She is amazing. Yeah. I think that people wanna see somebody who fights and calls out the bullshit. Ultimately. I think that's what Jasmine does. And we need a hell of a lot more people that are out there that are willing to do just that and call people out on their PS and not say, oh my God, Republicans are gonna criticize me for saying this. Screw that. They're gonna cri criticize you no matter what. So what we should be asking ourselves is what are we really fighting for? Yeah. Because we know it matters. And I think Jasmine is, is frankly the type of leader that we're really looking to support in some senses.


Right. Somebody who is out there that frankly doesn't give a damn what the other side, other side, at least the elector republicans in Congress say that, say what they believe in. And at least, you know, even if you don't agree with her, you know what she stands for. Yeah. 'cause she makes it very clear and people are really craving that right now. They don't want more politicians that say talking points that it doesn't even feel like they believe or you don't even really know what they mean. They want somebody who's out there that says what they believe and doesn't care what somebody else thinks about it. They want that authenticity. Governor Gretchen Whitmer, I think part of what was really great with Gretchen Whitmer and, and her focus was on infrastructure, right? People, I think democrats need to do a lot more of finding the issues that nobody likes and addressing them in a substantial manner.


So part of her campaign was addressing potholes. Right. Really basic. Just saying, fix the damn roads. We need more of that. Right? I wanna make sure that if somebody is out there, that when we have democratic cities, for example, that they should be the most efficiently run, safest and clean cities in The World ultimately that are the best run possible. And I think part of our strategy for, for 2028 and 2026 needs to be talking about, okay, what are we doing to address the fact that it is incredibly hard for people to pay their rent right now? Because rents have gone up so much. What are we doing to address the fact that our roads are terrible in far too many places? Because I think the pathway forward for Democrats is if we're successful, what I want them, what I want people to think when they hear the word Democrat is two things, competence and integrity.


Right. I want them to know that we get things done and that we have the integrity to stand behind what we truly believe in and accomplish it at the end of the day. Whether that's making sure that you don't go bankrupt because you wanna go to the doctor, or that's making sure that you don't, you know, pop a tire on a pothole or making sure that you can actually afford a home ultimately. Because the biggest challenges to those things should not be how it shouldn't be. How expensive it is. Everything is too damn expensive. Yeah. Way too damn expensive. What we gotta figure out is how do we address the cost of all of those things across the board? Because the American dream for those essentials, the things that we don't have options of buying a roof over our head. Right. Healthcare, insurance and things like elder care, like for my father or childcare.


Yeah. Those things are way too damn expensive. And guess what? Republicans are not gonna fix them. So the the question was is Democrats needs to be, what are we gonna do to fix it? Yeah. And some of that needs to be making it easier for people to be able to buy a house. But it's also about addressing why are there so few houses to begin with at the same time? And not treating it as an either or, but addressing the demand side and the supply side of it at the same time. Two, Two more names. A OC. How long do you have go do Your Thing? Emini here. A OC has been a huge inspiration to me when I, 'cause she got elected in 2018 and famously, you know, I also wanna mention she challenged a Democrat. That's right. Yes.


Right. Imagine if we didn't have a OC right now going out there and rallying tens of thousands of people. Wow. Imagine that. Right? And it wasn't just any Democrat that she challenged. It was one of the most powerful Democrats in the house. And frankly, the way that she's been treated simply for doing that, I find horrible and unacceptable. I think that she should have been the head of oversight, frankly, so that she could have gone out there and, and spoken out about all this stuff. What I really like about her is more than anything that you clearly know that she believes what she's saying. Absolutely. She clearly believes what she's saying. And she knows how to communicate on social media because she grew up with it.


She's young. And also she doesn't, you know, she's not out there taking money from special interests. You know, regardless of whether or not you agree with a OC, at least you can say that she's not owned by anyone. Right. She's not owned by any special interest or anything like that. That's finding her campaign because she is saying what she believes in at the end of the day. And I think we need a hell of a lot more of that. And we need to create a culture where if somebody does successfully challenge, you know, a, a member like that, that they aren't shut out and kept out because she's a huge asset to our party that I do not believe is being utilized nearly enough. And we need to accept the fact that we're gonna have challenges in our own party sometimes to incumbent Democrats.


That's okay. That's healthy. Competition is a healthy thing. Imagine if we just said, no, you can't do that. You need to wait your turn over and over again. I don't think that we'd be in a very good place right now. So I love her. I think she's a prolific leader and we need a lot more people like her. My last name, these are people who I believe are the future, the now and the future of the Democratic Party. John Stewart. John Stewart. John Stewart. So what I love about John is I think he, he and Donald Trump actually have the same greatest strength. And this is gonna sound controversial. It's not They're funny. Yeah. Right. Not controversial At all. So, so I think what's controversial, some democrats right?


But I think what happens, they don't have A sense of humor. Well, True. Yeah. That's a whole nother con. Well I think John Stewart has a sense of humor. Absolutely. Certainly. Absolutely. I think what happens a lot of the time with Donald Trump that we don't realize is that people in the America, in in our, in America, we don't think of of authoritarians as funny people. Right. It's very disarming to people. Because when we are freaking out and saying, oh my God, he's doing X, y, and Z thing. What a lot of normal people see is, what do you mean he's going and working at a McDonald's as part of like a political stunt. Yeah. Or what do you mean he's going and, and I don't know, distracted by it.


Anything else just going and distracted, like making all these weird jokes and stuff or you know, going on and on about it. And it's very disarming to people, frankly, in a very dangerous way because he is a dangerous man very as we're seeing around the country. But I think what John Stewart, what I like about him is the same thing that I like about a OC. He's funny. He says what he believes in and he gets shit done. And I know that because I saw when they were working on the PACT act That's right. Sorry, I might get emotional talking about this. That summer they, they were, Democrats were working on passing the largest expansion of veterans healthcare in American history.


And that's in part because of President Biden's lived experience, obviously with his son, which is horrifying, died of cancer, very likely caused by burn pit. I got a text from a friend that said, Hey, there's some veterans that are out here that are, you know, protesting. Because what had happened is Democrats actually outmaneuvered to Chuck Schumer's credit, he outmaneuvered Mitch McConnell with the Inflation Reduction Act. And Mitch McConnell was pissed about that. So what happened is they said, you know what, we're gonna screw over the veterans. So right before they went on recess, they killed the pact Act from passing. The Republicans did the largest expansion of veterans healthcare in American history. And I took this personally, there are, lemme count off the top of my head. One, there's at least four Navy pilots in my family that we've had between my aunt, my uncle, my grandpa, and my, my father And my dad has Parkinson's, very likely caused by being exposed to, to jet fuel and other toxic substances in the military.


And my friend texted me and said, Hey, there's a group of veterans that are sleeping on the steps of the US Senate right now, and they're gonna stay out there pulling allnighters, what they call a fire watch until this bill passes. And I, I went out there And I was talking to them And I was so inspired by them 'cause I saw my dad in them. I saw my family members in them that I said, what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna stay out here and I'm gonna interview you guys like all night. So I took out my phone And I literally just posted directly to Twitter. I said, tell me your story and why you're here. And I, I heard so many heartbreaking stories of veterans who served overseas that then got a rare form of cancer and were denied their benefits that our country failed to serve.


That is why they were out there. And one of those people that I met, you know, had worked for the federal government and now he's facing a very real chance that his retirement is gonna be cut by several hundred thousand dollars because of this bill that Republicans are pushing through right now. And I will never forget when John Stewart showed up to support those veterans and help get that bill passed. And it did get passed is one of the largest expansions ever, the veterans healthcare. Because in the past you used to say, you used to have to say, oh, this, you know, this very ro rare form of cancer that I got. You had to prove that it was because you were exposed to all of these toxic chemicals like Agent Orange or whatever else it might have been in the military in order to get healthcare for that.


Yeah. Why the hell is it on our veterans that have served our country and risked their lives for their country and sacrificed so much to prove to the government that they served, that their healthcare, that their cancer is caused by that. I think it should be on, on the government to prove why it isn't caused by that. 'cause if we're willing to spend trillions of dollars on stupid bullshit wars overseas Yeah. We should be willing to spend at least a couple billion taking care of our damn veterans that put their ass on the line for the politicians in DC that are way too comfortable. I agree right now. And the fact that they, that Republicans killed that at the last second and we had to shame them in order to pass.


That is disgusting. But that's part of the reason why I'm a democrat, because we do stuff like that. We got that bill passed and we massively expanded healthcare for millions of veterans around the country. But what scares me is Republicans are already trying to chip away at it Yeah. And erode against it. So yes. John Stewart is an incredible and prolific figure that I think, I wouldn't even say is the future of our party. I would say he is a major part of our party right now. Yeah. I it's, it's my hope, And I know you can't say this, I I I want him to be president of the United States of America. I really do. I think that he is such a fantastic messenger and he actually knows politics and he cares about people and for the way the country is now and where the country is going as far as messaging, you need somebody like him front and center.


That's, it's my thought. David Hog. Thank you brother. Yes. I like the work that you're doing, man. Keep fighting the good fight. Thank you. That's right. If they can support you in any way, what what should they do? People can just check out our website@leaderswedeserve.com. And you can also see on there too as we create more endorsements who's out there as well. Absolutely. It's David Hog. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


What if one ingredient could do it all naturally@shopargonne.com, our 100% pure organic Argonne oil is more than skincare. Its massive wrinkle defense and also nourishes dry, damaged hair. Its relief for eczema and psoriasis. It soothes diaper rash, fades, scars, and even calms. Acne prone skin cold pressed in Morocco and bottled with care. It's packed with vitamin E and healing antioxidants. Your skin craves one drop, just one. And your skin feels nourished, soft and visibly renewed. The all-in-one organic beauty solution. No wonder they call it Liquid Gold. Visit shep argon.com to explore our collection and feel the difference.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife Caroline. He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The Fact that you lied is absolutely horrific. And quite frankly, I question how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.