
The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features,


Support for Eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. The Hood Whisperer Taste. Yes. Family. I'm not special guest. The Breakfast Club family. Tesla Figueroa is here. Good morning, TES. Yes, Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How? How you feeling? I'm feeling good. Congratulations. I saw that you officially got accepted in the FM U Law school. Yes. Congratulations. Can we drop a clue off? Absolutely. Of course. Jump coming up. Yes. Thank you for saying that. Yes, I'm very excited. FM U-H-B-C-U. Very, very important.


My daughter, shout out to my daughter Jada. She actually got into Prairie View. Okay. Oh, she'll be going on a scholarship and Mom will be taking advantage of my empty nest situation and going to law school. Love It. What made you decide, because you already got two degrees, Right? Yes. Master. Or did you wanna go get a third Master education? I've always wanted to get my law degree, even though I've worked with Attorney Crump as a senior public policy advisor, as you know, for the last 10 years. Just wasn't able to do it. You know, having a, a daughter running a business, 300 employees in Atlanta, hustling, working your first year of law school is really like a hazing. Like you really have to be able to, you know, focus. I've always had to worry about getting money. So I wanna say thank you to you for the Black Effect Podcast Network, because without that, knowing that I can at least have some type of income coming in, that's really a lot of why it's made possible.


All for that. Your critics could never Just say, period, I just want Emini here. Period. That's really, really important. You know, dope. It's, it's not like I'm wealthy or you know, anything like that. But one of the things with law school, it took me over a decade to finish my bachelor's. I had to stop, start, stop, start, stop, start. Because of money, you know, need. Do I gotta work full time? Do I have to be a teacher, substitute, all those different things. So to really finish the law school program, you need a job. And how do you do that and still study? So I am part-time because I'm still chief political correspondent at Revolt News and managing editor over there. But now I can kind of breathe and you know, I got some income coming in. So shout out to Char.


Will you actually go to class and school there or you do online? Yes. You On campus. I know you always ask about online. Yes. No, I will be in class in Orlando, Florida, going back to Orlando, finishing up some, which is a full circle for me. I had to leave when due to healthcare reform And I lost my business. So, no, it's actually Monday through Thursday and then I'll be going to Atlanta to record on Friday. Tell 'em students gonna be trying to high at you now because you gonna be in class. So students gonna be trying to high at you Now. Nephew, you think Tell Nephew gonna be trying to high at you now. What's your other two degrees? That Master's in Adult Education. Okay. And then management. And then I'm, right now I'm actually a Sam Houston University online, working on my second master's in Political Science.


Mm. Straight A's by the way, political Science Law degree. So when you finish all of that it, you're just gonna apply it to what you're already doing. Do you have a new area you wanna venture into? No, I will still always be in civil rights, no doubt about that. But criminal defense, mm. It's very, very important to me. My main thing that I advocate for is the criminalization of black men in particular, and black folks. And we need more criminal defense lawyers. We really, really do. If you look at the case right now with the MLO Anthony, that's going on in Frisco, Texas, Not the basketball player. The The right, the young man in the Young man Texas. The track stall. Yeah. Yeah. I built my first two houses in Frisco, Texas. Mm. 59, 13 Blazing Star Road, A hunt. 1, 1 4, 1 oh Promenade Road. So I'm very familiar with Frisco, very familiar with, he's up against, shout out to, do you Know the case?


I, I know a little bit about it. I just got briefed on it yesterday. Dominique Alexander, next Generation Action Network. He's doing the activism. He just gave me an award in January for called Voice of the People. And so now I'm kind of getting involved within the last 24 hours. But I know that the issues that he's gonna be faced with. And so this is why, again, we need criminal defense. What Attorney Crump does is important. We need more civil rights attorneys. But I think I can be a beast at that defense table. I think so too. Yeah. Well, we got a lot to talk about. A lot to discuss. Of course. Where do you want to go? I see you got your laptop out. I got my your, your notes and your points. What's your notes? Well, no, I, I came to talk to you guys about Push The Line. I've talked to you about it many, many times.


My training program, politics until something happens, it's a non-partisan political training. We did it in 2022. You remember had 300 people that came from all over the country in Atlanta. They came from La Jersey, Houston, Dallas. I was overwhelmed to see how many people came in. They sat with me for 12 hours in the rain, waiting in the rain at 7:00 AM And so people have asked em, bring the program online. And so I finally got it online. It's a five course program. I'm the trainer. I say masters in education, not to stunt. 'cause you know, I'm the hood whisperer. But it's important that you know that because I actually built the curriculum.


And so there's a lot of folks that build courses but may not know, you know, the technicalities of building the curriculum, having objectives and meeting those. So I've built the cur curriculum myself. And so now it's virtually online. I'm happy to go through the, you want me to go through the Let's do it. Yes. Yeah. So of course one is called We Are Soldiers. And what that is, is it's talking about the roles and responsibilities for candidates, campaign workers, organizers, and activists. So this training is, even if you are black conservative, I want you to know, come on in. If you are liberal, if you are progressive, you are Democrat. It's non-partisan. I'm not pushing any agenda. I'm teaching you the basic fundamentals that you need. I've been a candidate myself.


I've worked on campaign campaigns, state, local, federal. I was the only black person on the ground in 2015 to flip Michigan for Bernie Sanders. I have been an activist, obviously still am, and an organizer. So this training really brings all those things together and giving you information that the other trainings won't do. I've probably been to every major training, congressional Black Caucus Bootcamp, white House Project, go Run lead Yale Law School for Women. They have a training. I have not found one that really breaks it down. One tells you the truth on what you really gonna have to do to run. And so I just decided to create it myself. That first course is critically important.


Now you can enroll now tesla figo.com. There's course curriculum in there now for you to study. There'll be a live interactive class with me on June 14th. If you miss it, it'll still be available for replay. So that's the good thing about it. But a lot of people don't understand roles and responsibilities and the difference between those two, and I'll just kind of give an example. You And I talk about it all the time, the difference between candidates and activists. One of the reasons why you see a lot of candidates crashing out is because they're trying to be an activist and a candidate and a organizer and all these different things. And people don't really know the difference. And I blame the candidates for setting them up for that expectation.


So to give you an example, we talk about it a lot. An elected official actually serves the constituents. So you'll hear a lot of people online, why is such and such black candidate talking about immigration? Why are they talking about this? Why are they not talking about black folks? Well, they are, but you gotta understand that candidate in Congress is representing 200,000 people, 150,000 people. And that job literally says to advocate for your constituents. So they have to take care of everybody. So that's why people was pissed when they said, oh, BP Harris said, I'm not gonna only do stuff for black people. I feel it. I understand what they meant. But what she was basically trying to say is, you have to represent everybody, which is why I would not be a good candidate.


It's really important that you know where you fit. I wouldn't be a good candidate unless I'm in South Fulton, which is Atlanta outside of Atlanta, Georgia, 98% black city commissioner that. So I can talk about black issues. But if you're in Congress, run for president, you're talking about everybody. That's literally a part of their job. And people have to be okay with saying, I'm, that's not a good fit for me. An activist, and this is where people get confused. An activist is the one that is pushing the candidate, that is saying, Hey, what about me? What about me? So if that's reparations, activists, immigration activists, health, healthcare activists, your job is to literally put pressure on the elected official. The elected official has to sit around and say, okay, I gotta take care of a little bit of this.


This is this squeaky oil. What'd they say? Squeaky oil. What's the The wheel? Squeaky Quey. Oil. Oil. Squeaky oils against the oil. Oil. Gets the oil. Oil. So your job is to push. However, because candidates, and this is where I criticize them, candidate, elected officials don't work with activists the way that they should because you wanna be at all, you wanna be the candidate, you wanna be the activist, you wanna be the organizer. Or They're scared to work with the activists because they think they'll get backlash. Right. Or they wanna be on this microphone. You have over 400 people in Congress. How many do you see on the microphone? A handful. So you have your Jasmine Crocketts, you have like Nancy Mace. Yeah. So you have, but technically they're the elected official.


Technically they shouldn't have to be on the microphone being the activist. Because what happens is what you see, and we went, we had a big old group chat about, about this. What happens is if Jasmine Crockett is talking about all the different things, immigration, I tell people, lay off on get, being upset with her talking about immigration. She's in Texas. She must talk about immigration. Mm. So you have black people in line. Oh, why is she talking about immigrate? Because she represents people you know in Texas. So when you have her having to be the activists, because there's not leadership in the Democrat party that's loud, or there's not activists on the ground that are loud enough or they're not coordinating with those activists. And when I say coordinate Emini here, give them money so that they can crash out on your behalf.


Then now you have a candidate's trying to do it all. So what happens when she runs for office? When I looked at her Ballotpedia, I think it was a hundred something thousand that voted in a, in a general election. So when I look at that And I see 50,000 people in a primary that can move you out your seat, that's what happened to Representative Bowman. Jamal Bowman, when you are being the activist and he's talking about Gaza, Gaza, Gaza, Gaza, Gaza, and damn near half of your district is Orthodox Jews. They actually have the power to put you in and put you out. Not the podcast, not the national media. So when you're not coordinating with your activists, say, Hey, go run this play, run this offense and let me do this.


And you do that. That's how you see a lot of the issues. And you set up false expectations for the elected official. And then the organizer is very different than the activists. A lot of people think that's the same. It's not the same. Perfect example. Rashida Tali in Detroit organized a hundred thousand people to go to the polls. So most of the people you see online, these podcasts, they're activists. Hey, hey, reparation now reparation. Now it's important, you know, healthcare now. Healthcare now. But organizing is actually getting people in the room like we did at the town hall a couple of weeks ago. I had in Atlanta 150 people standing outside in the rain. That's organizing. Screaming and yelling is one thing, but getting a hundred thousand people to go to the polls to say we are voting no commitment.


That is actually organizing. Which is why Tamika always says, I'm an organizer first. So when you understand these roles and responsibilities, now you can know your role, which is Push The Line. My logo has a person pushing the P, the U, the S, the H. Everybody like at this table has a role. If you know your role and then we know how to work together, now we can move forward on an agenda. I have a Question. Yeah. With politics today though, like when I look at like Trump, I feel like he, you know, he doesn't stay within any lines, right? Of any of the thing things that you just said. Do you feel like there's, it's, it's changed now because he's changed the way that politicians move and what they say and what they stand for. Like he, he pushes whatever he wants to push. That's right. And he's successful at it.


So how do you kind of counter what he's doing and kind of make it where the people that you're raising up on either side are just as strong voice wise, is what we see him do? Yeah. It's not about really countering it. See one of the, one of the modules that I have is, it's called, it's not about we, it's about me. If you are already strategizing to be against somebody and not doing your role, like you always say, just stay consistent. Don't compete with anybody, do your role. Push The Line is not about trying to focus on Trump or focus on what Republican parties are doing because Trump never focused on you. He never focused on the Democrat party. So when people set that up to say, I know it felt good. When they say, oh Rock Obama, he's everybody's president. Actually you are really the president of the people that vote you in.


Yeah, I know people don't wanna hear that. But it's really catering to who votes you. Who puts you in. That's just like my household. I'm catering to my man. Not catering to what your man say or what somebody else man say. So Trump has done, and they hate it when I say this because they say he don't, he don't, he didn't do a good job. He's a liar. No, I'm not saying I like it. I'm telling you how it is. Yeah. It's a difference between how it is and how you want it to be. He is only talking to his base even though he know good and damn well, he cannot dismantle the Department of Education 'cause Congress is gonna have to do it. He don't give a damn about that. He signed an executive order saying let's dismantle it. We beg for those things. You remember Charlamagne like, why don't y'all do an executive order for the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act?


But everybody's so smart in the Democrat Party. That's not how it work. You gotta go through Congress, you gotta go. People wanna know you at least fighting you at least in the ring. You willing to sock somebody in the eye, you willing to take, you willing to fight for my love? You know what they say every night, I gotta fight for my love. I, I think it's a combination of both though, because Donald Trump did, you know, he did call them the woke left and he did say that the Democrats are the, the enemy from within. But he didn't just run a campaign of Democrats are bad, Democrats are bad, Democrats are bad. He actually said, these are the things I want to do for my constituents as well. I think Democrats just run a, a whole Trump is bad campaign, but they don't ever tell the constituents exactly what it is they want to do for 'em.


Right. And they don't also don't teach constituents how to do it. They're terrible with training. Which is why I started this training program. Also, Trump is an organizer and an activist and a candidate and a marketer and an entertainer. He makes everything a spectacle. He makes everything a big deal. He always knows how to play to the camera. All of the things that the Democrats feel They lack. They're Too good to do. Yeah. And so I'm just gonna tell you like straight up, oh no, don't do that. That's not president. Da da da da da. He doesn't give a damn. And so when you, he's been campaigning for the last eight years. That's right. Campaigning now. Yeah, he's campaigning now. We said that he's literally campaigning. When you have a rally every month or every other month that's actually organizing, getting people in the room and they pop out crazy.


They pop out crazy. So he's been doing it the whole time. You, it's hard to catch up with that. It's hard to catch up when you've been talk. It's not a matter of how many people you have can serve as of the majority minority of this country. So it's not about who's the biggest, it's about who's the strongest. That's why I like to use LA Gang banging. For those who grew up in the nineties, bloods were always the smallest, but they also were the most powerful. How did Inglewood survive with Crips all around it. Why? Because they knew how to push a Line. Which by the way, that's what blood say. Push The Line. Crips say press the line. So when you're able to take a small group, organize consistent message, message, message. Conservatives have the best.


And again, don't come for me in the common, well I don't give damn y'all company any comments or not. They have the digital discipline that you do not have on the left. You do not have that on the left. Conservatives listen to podcasts where they listen to am talk radio. We talked about this before. All the way in to work and hour commute. Messaging, messaging, messaging, right? They go in they job, they listen to a podcast. 70% of podcast listeners are white, which is why we were doing that. Black effect is so important. So then they at work, messaging, messaging, messing, bad, bad, bad. Enemy, enemy, enemy, enemy. Then they go home and they watch Fox News. Then they get in the comments. I try to teach people how to be the common caucus. I talk about that too. They, they stay on it.


Like we stay on it with Shade Room. They stay on it nonstop. Look at the interview that I did here with V Raman is a perfect example. Then people still commenting on that. I upset them so much. They're still comment on that. Do you know, I don't even know if you knew this Joe Biden, you would say that's probably one of the most popular interviews that you've had. The You Ain't Black. Go look at the comments under YouTube. Under YouTube we, I think the last time I checked it might have been 20.


Some Of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for ears. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter This time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out or just hanging and catching up. There's a Coke with your name on it or better yet, your nickname on it from Friend bro bestie and girl. It's a classic. Names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins and even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. No. It's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a hook because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshared. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands the early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You'll keep up this. It's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go.


8,000 something comments under the Vivi Ramas interview. The last time I checked 50,000 comments. Mm. And Joe Biden had millions of views. We only hear a couple of hundred thousand. But look at the engagement then. People was on my ass every day over angry, masculine, da da da da. They made 150 videos about me. They shout out to y'all though. They know how to message over and over and over even if it's wrong. And so you don't see that on the left. And so I don't give a damn. Its left or right. I wanna see it more in our communities know how to mess it. Same way y'all follow gossip. Same way y'all followed it. If we have that same type of organizing, which by the way is course two called Ambition of a Rider, it's talking about community coalition building, how to be the common caucus, how to make sure you click and like how to get the engagement.


You have to be very strategic in this. And if you're not, we don't get anywhere. I agree with that. I wanna say I agree with that. I also think that that's why when somebody, when you see somebody scoring points, you just gotta keep feeding them the ball, right? Republicans did that with Trump once they saw that Trump is the guy that the media gravitates towards and this is who people are listening to. That's the guy. And I think Democrats don't do enough of that. If it's a OC, get rid of the ball. If it's Ja Crockett, give it the ball. If it's Bernie Sanders, give him the ball. Those are the people that folks are gravitating towards right now. You just had a rally. So in LA I think like 20 something went to 30. So thousand people. That's what I'm saying, like if that's the people, folks are gravitating towards, that's who needs to be getting the ball. Right. Now my my criticism, well not criticism, my pushback with that, what Bernie Sanders is 'cause working on this campaign, 2015, they did great getting people to the rallies, but you couldn't get 'em to the polls.


So it's great to stand up there and say, Hey y'all, this is bullshit. But if you're not giving people the tools, which again, this is why this training is so important. If you're just saying get involved in your community, a lot of people literally don't know how. They literally need a step by step guide. Democrats should be running a play. You should see commercials just as much as they ran y'all commercials every 15 minutes. It should be who wanna run, who wanna run, who wanna run, who wanna work on the campaign, who wanna work on the campaign constant. Y'all raise a hundred million dollars in 90 days. Mm Where's a hundred million dollars to actually train people? Just so we clear. Nothing is back. People pay for the course, but nothing is backing me. It's not a Republican, it's not a Democrat, it's not any of that. Why are they not using that money to train you? How to run for local office?


You have midterms next year, then you need to train people how to actually work on the campaign. There's a lack of infrastructure. One of the reasons Rashida T leave was 7, 4, 5, 6 black people that ran against Rashida sleeve in Detroit. They had to hire a friend of mine from Kansas City to run the campaign because of the lack of infrastructure of knowing how to run a campaign, how to be a volunteer coordinator, how to be a campaign manager, how to be a comms director so they don't build up the infrastructure. Which means you don't have a bench. It's not just getting a good candidate. You also need your organizers. You need your campaign workers. And that's where my criticism is of Bernie Sanders and anybody that's doing a rally, you're not training these people, you getting them upset. But for what I was gonna ask you, you know a lot of times Democrats get butt hurt a lot when you ask them, when you push back on a lot of the things that they say.


Why do you think that is it? It almost feels like they are upset when we question the things that we should be able to question. Well there's a lot of ego in politics, which is one of the things again that we teach, that I teach you the thing to remove your ego out the way. Meaning not about me, not about we, it's about me. They know it all. I'm just gonna be straight up honest with you. They know it all. They know it all but seem to not know how to win consistently. You have people who are highly educated in what they do. Again, I'm not anti-education. I love degrees. The more the better. But they just refuse many of them, not all, but refuse to really connect to the concrete.


I go by concrete roots, not mud. 'cause mud is too soft for me. I got this shit out the concrete. Not a manager, not an agent, not my family was in this, not somebody put me on. So they can't have those conversations and they don't know how to get a the play, get a ball to the people. They can have a conversation. But you know why? 'cause they wanna be on the microphone, envy it. It is just like a rapper. Like they have to be the one on the microphone instead of saying, you know what such and such know how to talk to this group. Let me give them the play. Yeah, I don't wanna see Hakeem Jeffries. Yeah, I don wanna see a OC, I wanna see Jasmine, I wanna see those people. That's, that's really the problem. But then there's also people that they can't connect to as well. Why are new? Are you not connecting to the streets in California?


Well Governor Newsom who to me don't have a shot in hell on the national level, but still very good with pushing this message. I know some homies right now in there later will organize right now who's never voted, who's never because of what he did with the gang enhancement, what he's done with healthcare. You hear a lot of bad about California. But healthcare, What do you call the streets though? Because Emini here, Bernie and a LC did just have 36,000 people in that way. Well they still not, they're still a demographic people that are not involved at all. People that don't give a damn about none of this Bernie Sanders demographic. And I'm just gonna be honest, the progressive demographic of rainbow coalition, it's white liberals, pretty much white progressives. There's still a lack of talking to those that had completely given up, completely disenfranchised obviously.


And and also with Coachella, the average ticket was seven $800. Well No that wasn't Coachella. Bernie came outta Coachella. Yeah but they had a whole other event. He Did Coachella though too though. Yeah, he came out to Coachella but they had a whole other event. We're working on that campaign. I'm just gonna be straight up with you. You know I'm i'll. I'm very clear about my position with Bernie Sanders. He is talking to a very progressive white ran movement to me. And even if you're Hispanic is still white adjacent, it's still let's just, as long as everybody, as long as we get everybody who make money out the way, as long as everybody make $15 an hour, all will be well he struggles with dealing with race. I'm saying it as his former racial justice director also. Everybody ain't mad at rich people charlamagne like some people really trying to get the bag.


So those conversa And I know what they mean with the elite. The top 2%. Yeah, I think, I think the fighting oligarchy tour is a good message, but I think it's a hippo. Well it's not a hypocritical message from Bernie Sanders, an A OC but from majority of the Democratic party is a hypocritical message. 'cause they all taking money from the billionaires in the corporate lobby. Right? Well, Hood don't know who the oligarchy is. What, how do you say it? Fighting Oligarchy. Oligo. And I don't know what the hell you're talking about Emini here. They don't, you know, when people talking about neoliberal oli, they don't know what you're talking about. So there's different messages that people need to have to engage. And I think the Democrat Party 10 is too big. It's too big. Oh, I agree with that. It needs to be broken down. Everybody's not gonna relate to Bernie Sanders. Everybody's not gonna relate to a OC. Everybody not gonna relate to Jasmine Crockett. Everybody not gonna relate to me. So that's why everybody should be doing a lot like Killer Mike said, if everybody does a little nobody gotta do a Lot.


That's right. That's, and again, local state, we gotta stop this fascination with federal. We really, really do. You, all of your powers is your city commissioner, your mayor, they are managing billion dollar, you know, budgets. Look at Atlanta, the black mecca, the mayor get to decide who gonna get this grant? Who's gonna get this funding? How do we keep this program going? How do we keep the, the, the afterschool program going? Okay, if y'all don't wanna do it, we gonna figure it out. It's the local, I think it's 'cause the local government, even though when you, when you get old enough to understand that the local government is not like the glitz and, and glamor isn't there. Right. They Want, right. I feel like when Keisha land bottoms was mayor in Atlanta, the bottom was mayor in Atlanta.


She did a good job of like, you knew who she was. Even if you didn't live in Atlanta. Like you, you cared about what she was doing even if you didn't live there. Like she was a talking point. But a lot of local government people don't do that. Like you Don't just, well they don't need to do it. It's called actually serving your constituents. See, so again, this is where I go back to these politicians, I appreciate what they're doing. Don't, don't get me wrong 'cause we need the voices 'cause you don't see it. Damn sure not coming from the Democrat party. But Keisha need to be worrying about Keisha's constituents, all of this. I'm trying to be a national spokesperson and all of that. That's how you get, you end up crashing out. That's why, that's how you get out of office. That's how you get your constituents seeing you at the grocery store. They're seeing you at church.


They don't care nothing about you trying to be no voice for everybody else. Their concern with are you taking care of these a hundred thousand people in your district or 200,000 people in your district. It's not about you can't get Keisha in and you can't get her out. You have zero power. So, so she can get on these podcast mics if they want to, but at the end of the day they not vote. They don't vote for you. So either you wanna be an elected official or do you wanna be a podcaster? I'm, I agree, but I think sometimes it's not your fault. Like in in, in Keisha's case, I don't think it was her fault. No. She just happened to be a black woman who was the mayor of Atlanta. So like all the rappers were talking about pandemic happened. What was the slogan? Atlanta got a man named Keisha. Like it was a thing. Yeah, yeah. Like It wasn't her. Yeah, I'm not blaming her. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm definitely not blaming her. I'm just, I'm I'm using that name for any local Politic.


Yeah. I just point it to her 'cause she's the only person I, I just think about it like locally in Delaware, like you would know because like you said, you see them, you hear them. But outside of if whether it's Delaware, Philly, wherever, you don't just know of these people. And I think a lot of it is because even if they're not at the microphones, I don't know, it's just local level is not glamorized. Know that bottom Line And sometimes it's scandal like Marion Barry, like you didn't, you know. Oh, but guess what? They could never get 'em out. I encourage people to go watch the 10 lives, the nine lives of Marion Barry scandal or not. They could not get him out. Okay. You know why they couldn't get out. But dad was A rehab Mary Barry because He was doing the work. Yeah, he was doing the work. When you do the work, like shout out to Eric Mays, my friend, rest in peace. Shout out to Eric. Y'all seen Eric Mays how he be cussing at people when you're doing the work, people will know about you, but you cannot get Eric Mays outta office for nothing because he took care of his people, his district.


This is a district conversation. Even congress, it's still a district, it's still a local conversation. So when you get out on these microphones and you're, 'cause I've seen it happen real time and you're trying to please all of these different, different constituents that can't vote for you. 'cause I wanna say what this, what they want me to say, I wanna say what they want me to say. Okay. The people that's actually voting for you are the ones that make that make the decision. So you don't hear about it Lauren, because they're doing their job. Right. But they should, those candidates should also stop trying to be seen all the time. Which I think is important. I'm not this note 'cause they don't have a choice. The Jasmine's and all that don't have a choice because ain't nobody else stepping up. So this is not shitting on her. I'm saying that I wish they would work more with activists and fund those activists because they're crashing out.


Literally they can't get jobs, they can't go transition anywhere. Fund those activists to run that play for you so that you can actually be in office to vote. Cory Bush, Jamal Bowman, they're no longer in Congress. They can't vote for nothing because when they were pushing those issues, which is important, but the district said otherwise, right? So you got the money to say, yeah, push, push, push, push, push. But your district said no, we gonna do something different. So now you don't even have an ally that can actually vote, you know, to, to make a difference. And so that's what Emini here, what Do you, what do you say to people that they always feel like is a money play? Like both sides a money play, right? They look at Democrats and they see, for instance, Eric Adams who, who was the mayor of New York City who a lot of people voted for him 'cause he was Democrat.


Then you see him, buddy buddy with Trump and then Trump pardoning him or, or you see Kamala Harris giving a lot of these organizations money, whether it was Al Sharpton or or Roland Martin. And then they do interviews with him. And of course if, if people feel like if you gimme money, I can't, I, I can't be par. I have to be partial to you. So how do you feel when people look at those Things? Okay, well one course four is stand on business. It talks about legal compliance and how to really work with that money so you don't go to jail. So that's one of the courses. That's why I love you. That's one of the courses. Course three. And this is all in one course. Thinking of a master plan also talks about that, your roadmap on literally how you navigate that. So I teach that, But 'cause if you give me money And I interview you, can I be partial or am I just gonna be on your side the whole time?


'cause I know I got a check coming. You know what Emini here. Well Let's just be real Emini here. The people that you're talking about that you named, they're staunch Democrats. So whether it's a check or not a check Al Sharp, but Still gonna push back like, you know Yeah, these same people have been up here. Yeah, we haven't been paid for nothing. But we ask questions on both sides. Yeah. Like we want, we ask for the people. We don't ask to be your friend. Well again, Where is the money by the way? Yeah, We're Talking, we getting paid. We the guy where the money, we Ain't aint I Ain't my dumb ass out here for no reason. Right? Right. Well don't that For The people. Somebody ain't got no, but I ain't just for people. It's, but no, but it ain't just for the people. Like let's go on and really talk about this. It's, let's have a conversation. It's for the people, but the people need, they gotta have, you gotta have money to run any damn thing. So at the end of the day, how are, if money's not being spent too organized on the ground, if you're not buying ads from Black Effect, you not buying.


They did, they did that advertising Black faculty. So you, so it is a money play. America's money. This is a capitalist society. I, I know the progressive one tell y'all something different, but it's about money and you should be Buying Votes. Yes, they should be going down. If I, if I had a hundred million dollars, every little league program, every uniform that need to get bought in the hood, I'll be buying it. Like those are the things that you need to do in order so people can see something tangible. So they can say, you know what? They did do something in my community. So again Lauren, this is why the local and state is important. Your city commissioner can go do that. They can go do that in Orlando Black Business Investment Fund here go $150,000 start your business. You can't get out that commissioner that that that person, they gonna ride for that commissioner.


So it is a money play envy. But a lot of the people have been getting the same money over and over and over. And guess what happened? They found out that they don't have a motion that they used to. So now a lot of the same folks, and I'm not, shit, I'm just telling you what it is. Now they're having to partner with people they never thought about partnering before because you don't went up there and told them people that you had motion and the results in the last election shows you really don't have emotions no more. The street don't believe you anymore. You're talking to the same people over and over and over. This is no disrespect, but if the Urban League is hosting an event with none but Urban League people in the audience, those people are already voting. You're not talking to the people who are not vote. You have to bring in new people. That's how we win elections in Orlando.


Commissioner Regina Hill arrested 21 times ran against a 21 year incumbent. It was just three of us on the campaign. We went and got three, 4,000 people that never thought about being in the process and snuck them in and put 'em in the game. That's how you win. They don't wanna do that in because they don't wanna spend the money. They think they know every damn thing they want. They contracts. I'm keep it real. They want, they contracts, they want access. Most of the people that are still grieving right now over the losses are still going through the five stages of grief are pissed because they don't have access to the White House. N not by default. They care about the people. I'm not saying they don't care about the people. I'm not saying they're not doing it for the right reasons, but a lot of this is, I I need to be able to say I'm at the White House.


Yeah, it's ego. Yeah. What's that? What else? What's The other one? Okay, so the fourth one is stand on business. We talked about that. The fifth one is, show me my opponent. That's where your opponent, you really know who your opponent is because even if you might think it's just the candidate, you might think it's just the other campaign team. But even as an activist and an organizer, you have an opponent. You need to know what you're fighting against, what you're standing for, how they gonna try to put you out the game to crash out. You know, all of those different things. All five of these courses are cumulative. You can sign up for each one, you know, individually if you want. It's only 50 bucks. That's two hours with me live course in addition to course materials that are already there right now for you to study and quiz. So you just think about 25 bucks an hour, two, two hour class, $1,500 value by the way.


So you can take each course individually, but I recommend people take all five because they all work together. I layer it like we did in this conversation so that it just kind of makes sense. And this is for people who want to actually run in their own local Election. No, it's for if you think you wanna run, okay. If you wanna run, if you already running, 'cause more than likely if you running, you're doing 50 different jobs. If you're running on local. It's also for campaign workers. If you wanna work on a campaign, if you wanna be a campaign manager or a volunteer coordinator, it's also for organizers that say, you know what? I wanna push an initiative. I wanna get an initiative on the ballot to say we want local reparations. And then it's also for activists. People who say, I don, I don't wanna do any of those things, but I just wanna be online And I want create some noise.


So it's all five. I'm addressing all five all at the same time because the fun, the fundamentals are the same. So I'm, you'll get your individual and right now you'll see on the course you'll get your individual materials. But I'm, I'm weaving it together so that it all makes sense. So if you don't know what the hell you wanna do and you like, I'm just gonna come to the first one for roles and responsibilities just to get an idea. 'cause I wanna do something right then this is the course for you. Well Teez, we appreciate you joining Us. Thanks Teez and Firo and how can How, how can they get information on the course? Teez and firo.com. T-E-Z-L-Y-N-F-I-G-A-R-O. Soon as you go to the website, of course pops up. You Got Southwest flight to catch. I Gotta say, y'all gonna stop talking about Shout out to what?


Time to flight leave? Yeah, it Leaves at three o'clock. Okay. Shout when you see we got new plugs. No, I ain't never been on there. And I yesterday, Oh, I did see that in your story. I was shout. Shout Out to one of your biggest followers. Lovey. I'm sure Lovey iss excited. Oh My God, yes. He is so supportive. Oh he'll love that you shouted back. He's so supportive. He really, really is. Hey, subscribe to the Straight Shot No Chaser podcast. There you go. On the Black podcast. Congratulations Lauren. Thank you. Thank you on your podcast and congratulations on everything you guys are doing. They call me Judy Winslow 'cause I left And I never said goodbye. Aw. To the people in the audience that supported me because There wasn't a goodbye Telling. Yeah, but they was used to seeing me. It wasn't a goodbye. But I do want to, I do wanna say that, shout out to everybody that supported me on Front Page news.


We're still family, we're still here. Wasn't no drama people waiting. Ont wasn't no tea, wasn't no drama, wasn't no anything. I'm doing great things, but I love you guys And I just wanted to say, give everybody A proper mind. Love to tell. There you go. It's Tesla Figueroa. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, peace. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Yo Kpop fans, are you ready? It's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories. Plus you, the fans, you're part of the show and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, is a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go. Let's go's go. Let's go.


Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Schenker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans that combines behavioral science and storytelling to help us navigate the big changes in our lives. I get so choked up because I feel like your show and the conversations are what The World needs. Encouraging, empowering counter programming that acts like a lighthouse when The World feels dark. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.