
Black Tech Green money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there.


Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal. Ba


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex cam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you're trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires trading of Galaxy, S node and Z series Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions. Apply to att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


This is Holly Fry from stuff you Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back and enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more National sales event deals when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan field music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Hilarious and Charlemagne Dega. We have a special guest with us this morning. We have Jessica Tarlov. Welcome. Thank you for having me. How you feeling this morning? I'm good. Yeah, up early. Well, we gotta talk about some, some breaking news Here. Well, I, I wanna stay, I wanna stay with Jessica You. know we worked together once when we both did Piers Morgan show. Yeah. And I. I've told you this off air, but I really appreciate you. 'cause I watch all the news networks. I watch CNN, M-S-N-B-C, Fox and If. you don't watch these networks. You don't realize there's people actually on Fox News who push back on a lot of the misinformation and false narratives that exist on that network.


And you're one of them. Aw. Well thank you. And it was great to be on Pierce's show with you. And it's great to be at Fox. I I think liberals should show up at Fox more often. A lot of persuadable voters out there and you have better conversations. It never appealed to me to kind of sit around a table with four or five people who are all kind of parroting the same thing or you're looking for that one little piece that could differentiate you. So I've had a great time at Fox and I'm, I'm glad you said that because I, that's something that I've, I've I've, I've suggested to a lot of liberals, You know, especially the VP now running for president. Yeah. Come go on Fox. President Obama used to do it. You know Gavin Newsom did it when he started doing it. They started talking about him being running for president.


Secretary Buttigieg does it all the time. Go on there. Well, Tim Walz was on two weeks ago. He did America's Newsroom, which is You know a hard news program from nine to 11 in the morning. And he was great. You know, he's super affable no matter what environment he's in. But I love it when I see elected officials showing up. B Brett Bear who hosts special report. He has a segment called Common Ground where he brings on a Democrat and a Republican and Democrats, even as left as Elizabeth Warren are clamoring to get on there. It, it's a great venue for people to show up on and it just If, you wanna talk to the most people possible you're gonna go to Fox. How'd you end up there? So I, I went to graduate school in England.


I did a PhD in politics. And I came back to the US and worked in polling for Bill Clinton's old pollster. And then he was a contributor at Fox and he is a very centrist Democrat. A guy called Doug CHONe. And he started pushing me to do media. It was actually just like a great mentoring boss move. He said, You know when you work for someone who you can't ever be You know, no one's going to hire me. They're gonna hire Doug to do the job. He said, you have to start building your own brand. And so he called in a favor and just said, I have this girl who works for me. She's really smart. Give her a shot. And I started going on and the relationship You know just went from there.


And I started doing more and more shows. Sean Hannity gave me a shot in prime time. And I started doing his show a lot. And I got hired in 2017. You know soon after Hillary lost and I've been there ever since. I was gonna ask You know how many times have you been threatened on Fox dues in the dms of people at, at all A lot or not too many. I mean, threatened is extreme there. My Twitter timeline, that's the only social media that I have. And. I only got it actually when I started coming on Fox A lot because Hannity in fact told me, you just need to, people need to have a way to be able to reach you and it's a good way. Or it used to be a good way to consume news. Now it's impossible to know what's true or not are fake on, on Acts I should call it.


But my timeline is brutal. I mean people are not the loudest. Voices are the cruelest. If they meet you in person, they're so friendly. Which I can't stand You know everyone hiding behind the keyboard warriors of it all. But there are a lot of people who are really supportive from conservatives. I mean we have a huge Democratic viewership on The Five. So over 20% of the viewers are liberals and we have the highest number of independents as well from all the networks. So a lot of support. And now the way that it works and that's how You know, I see a ton of what you guys are talking about because of clip culture, right. You see like a little soundbite, right? And the liberal clip first or whatever you would call it, take stuff off The Five all the time.


Right. So you've been getting, yeah, you've been going viral a lot. But I mean like I said, it's because people aren't used to seeing somebody push back. Well They always say, oh I bet she's gonna, this is her last time appearing on Fox or she's gonna be fired. And I'm like, well no. I've been there You know eight years. And I. I assume I'm not getting fired. And. I just, I didn't even think about that. It's like, damn you, you get the opposite of what most people on Fox get. 'cause you probably get the MAGA crazies who come up to you bugging out because I, I was at lunch one time, it was me and Kennedy. 'cause me and Kennedy are super cool. Yeah. And it was me, Kennedy and Brian killed me. Was that, and this guy walks up to Brian and goes, are you Brian kill me? And Brian goes, yeah. And he goes, I just wanted to tell you go fuck yourself Jesus. I'm like, oh shit.


That was actually a few months ago. You you had security though, right? Yeah, my security was security. Yeah, no problem. I was gonna be, you gotta figure this out on your own bro. You problem with me, I problem with Brian. Yeah, I, it's definitely You know 'cause our offices are just down the block from where we are here and Manhattan is not full of many conservatives. So there's definitely a lot of you encounter folks who are not fans of people that work at Fox outside of New York though as where it is Fox Country people are so nice. Really, really friendly. They're very traditional. What you think of as nice conservative values.


And I. Just so I have two daughters. I just got back from maternity leave and the RNC was my first week back. Wow. Yeah. So I land and 20 minutes later Donald Trump's ear gets shot. And I was like, oh my God, I don't think I can do this. You know it was just a lot such a swirl and everyone I met in WA Milwaukee could not have been nicer. You know everyone does say, I don't agree with your politics, but And I think it's part of what makes actually Fox so successful in general, but definitely versus the other networks that they really try to amplify your personal life. I mean it's something Kennedy obviously has excelled in her whole life. You know, she talks about everything from her daughters, her dog, her ex-husband, her Li You know everything Michael Jordan hitting on her, Michael Jordan hitting on her, her relationship with people like you, what it's like to have had such a crazy life.


And then the viewers, whether they like your politics or not, they feel something kindred with you. That's right. And so I think it's, that's definitely helped me get through You know whatever shit has hurled at me online. No one Told me that. Oh okay. I was gonna say, so what do you think about You know yesterday it was broken that Kamala Harris is picking Tim Walz. Yeah. What's your thoughts on that? So I actually thought it was going to be him. Really? Why? Just based on the last couple of days. So Josh Shapiro definitely seemed like the smart, he's The guy. He was the guy. I mean the Baruch Obama of it all You know I love it. Baruch Obama, That's what we call Baruch Obama. And you could tell that the Republicans, they've not only been floundering with, what do they do about Kamala?


They did not know what to do about Josh. Shapiro scared to death. I mean he is the absolute opposite of JD Vance, right? Like the genuine article, when you hear either of them speak one sounds like he's still in law school and the other sounds like he could be president of the United States. And so I had thought it was gonna be Josh Shapiro and we need Pennsylvania's electoral votes. So all of that was pretty aligned. And then stories started to leak out about how much Kamala's team was enjoying Tim Waltz's team and Tim Waltz personally. And I don't wanna make it into like, this has become a vibes election. But I think the fact that Tim Waltz was the guy to first say these Republicans, they're just weird, right?


Because everyone has been searching for a way to describe Donald Trump. You know we've gone through all the usual stuff talking about the race baiting how bad his policies are, et cetera. But when he's up there talking about electrocuting sharks or the late great Hannibal Lector, you're like, how do I actually put into words how weird this is? And Tim Walz was the first guy to do that. He was on. Yeah. But that don't have no legs. And I feel like, and weird is an understatement. Weird. Weird. Almost sounds cute. I Think what's going on, and again I started with, I thought it should have Josh Shapiro makes the most sense on paper. And all of this is that everyone has gone back to their corners. So Republicans and Democrats are where they're gonna go.


And you're just focused on like a hundred thousand moderates that are in these four or five key swing states. And they have been saying in survey after survey, I don't wanna hear about January 6th anymore. I don't wanna hear about tour threat to democracy. I wanna hear about your policies. I want the rhetoric. Tone down You know people are sick of it. They don't wanna hear that. It's the end of The World tomorrow. Whether you're saying it's because Donald Trump's gonna become president, or like when a OC said climate change is gonna wipe out the planet by 2028 or whatever it is. And I think that Tim Walz has a vibe that not only made her feel comfortable, but that people who are looking for the toning down of the rhetoric are going to.


I don't think you should tone down the rhetoric though. I think That I know and you're very, I I appreciated when we were on PI's show together, You know we were You know. I felt bad for Dave Rubin who was sitting between us because it was like a threat to democracy. You know Cookie there he was just sitting in the middle and we were going at it. But I agree with you. I think you should, we should never stop talking about that. But unfortunately the way it works is the people that we need to win over don't wanna hear it of any anymore. It's baked in. But do You know the country says that they're tired of two white old men running for President And. I think that just adds to it. You know they didn't wanna see Trump abide and they, people weren't excited about it. And it seems like it brings that energy right back into it. Well He's only six months older than Vice.


Yeah. He just, vice looks older. He just, he looks like he's 75 80. He does, he did have a great line that If you were a teacher for 20 years. You would look like that too, I'm sure. I Mean, Kamala looks great, I'm Sure. Yeah. Yeah. And he looks particularly bad for a 60-year-old. Yeah. But yes, he was also the football coach I think it was. But he is bringing that boomer dad energy to it. And I think that she ended up going with someone that she felt more comfortable with. And You know people will pick this apart, they'll say, which I think has a lot of merit. You know Josh Shapiro was supportive of school vouchers and the teacher unions were not particularly thrilled with that. Labor leaders who have been giving interviews have put walls and beshear at the top of their lists.


And we know that Democrats don't win without labor unions. I'm But isn't it nuanced with the school voucher thing? 'cause Governor Shapiro is also supportive of public schools as well. He's dump hundred percent. He dump a lot of money in the public schools, especially the, the breakfast programs there. Oh, totally. But Tim Walz is breakfast and lunch. Oh, okay. So You get your lunch too. Okay. No matter your income. I I, I think that it really came down to what she was comfortable with. And I think that even though she has outperformed expectations the last couple of weeks, I think she has risen to the occasion in a way that a lot of people didn't expect. And I know you've always been a fan of Kamala, but there are a lot of democrats who didn't see it. Right.


In 20 19, 20 20 said You know she had her first huge rally in Oakland and we thought this is, this is it. Right. This is the woman that can do it. And we were so despondent after Hillary's loss and thought that this was the woman that could take over that mantle and it just flamed out. Right. And she has seemed like that person over the last couple of weeks. But she is more nervous than someone that's running for President You Know I've I've seen more of the real her. Yeah. Over the last couple of Oh totally. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But she has, I think it's part of the authenticity, but the right will make it out to be unprepared, nervous, et cetera.


And I think she wanted to be with someone that made her feel comfortable. It might be And I. Think that's what Tim Walz did. Yeah. There might be something to that though, because I mean, another thing people are gonna point to is the fact she hasn't done an official press conference yet. She hasn't done any interviews. Right. She should. So, so the So You know if the narrative for Biden was they were hiding him, keeping him in the basement, didn't want him to talk, that can't be her narrative. No. Yeah. And the rallies don't count. Right. I mean, they're gonna be great events. The rally in Atlanta with Megan d Stallion was fabulous. She's in Philly tonight. I think it's a 10,000 person crowd. But she's gotta sit down and do the interviews. And I said this on Fox last week. I really think she should do an interview where she lets them play the tape of all of the really progressive things that she said.


You know, talking about defunding the police, talking about healthcare for You know people who are here undocumented and explain from a policy perspective why she changed her mind. That these are things that you believe in, in principle. Right. That we teach. Treat every person with the same level of humanity and dignity. When you actually get into governing this is how the nuts and bolts of it work. And give a really boring interview where you just seem like a policy wonk and show that you were actually doing everything with Biden. I think the Biden team didn't do her a great service by kind of pushing her. I'm not talking about being in charge of the border. 'cause Joe Biden was in charge of the border when he was vp. That's very typical. But I don't think they've shone a bright enough light on her for the things that she was doing and doing well.


I agree. Like apparently the idea to cap insulin at $35 that came out of the Harris side of things. That's one of the most popular policies. Give it to her. Like give her her flowers that The small business stuff in the American Rescue Party. Totally. The money for rural broadband for HBCUs. You know. And she's done a great job talking about the Dobbs decision, obviously $285 million to mental health initiatives. Yeah. Yep. And also they didn't play up that she was You know the top cop of California You know I when you had I think that, I think she's been trying to distance herself from that, but she shouldn't. Especially Being don't lean in Yeah. For this election. Like everyone is absolutely in their corners. You have these moderates who did want a Josh Shapiro come out and tell them about everyone you prosecuted.


How is Fox gonna spend the Tim Walz thing? 'cause I got some ideas, right? Oh, I'm not giving them ideas, but this is what I think they're gonna do. This is giving 'em ideas. Okay. No, it's not. This is what I think they're gonna do. They Know already. I think they're they're they're gonna, they're gonna point to the, to the the far left being antisemitic. Oh yeah. And, and they're gonna point to a lot of antisemitism that might exist in the Democratic Party. Because a lot of people have already been asking, I was watching CNN last night, Dana Bash as Nancy Pelosi. Why is Josh Shapiro getting so much flack over his Israel Gaza stance when him and Tim Walz? It's the same, It's the same. Identical. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's gonna be one. I think Fox News is going to run videos of the aftermath of George Floyd, the, the, the, the riots Putting Air Coach Yes. The city burning in Minnesota.


I think they're gonna play that and say he was in charge of all of this. I think those are the two ways that they're gonna attack. Definitely. And I You know I'm, I'm Jewish. I I think our party has a antisemitism problem that they don't wanna deal with properly. Hmm. And I think that the way that Josh Shapiro has been treated does reflect that to some degree. Even the anxiety about it popping up. And you'll see left wing commentators like a Medi Hassan for instance, saying, You know I Josh Shapiro is fantastic. Why do you wanna anger this part of the base? Right. That's, that's going to be upset about this.


That's part of the, the protests, the college campus protests, et cetera. And you're totally right. Josh Shapiro has a record of statements and opinions on Israel that is exactly the same as the four finalists. If, you took the quotes. You could say it was Andy Beshear or Josh Shapiro. Mark Kelly, Tim Waltz. I mean, Tim Waltz has gone and taken selfies with Netanyahu. No one has brought that up at all. How should they Sha Shapiro called at at yahoo out he was one of the first Yeah. Elected officials that I remember doing It. Which is how the majority of American Jews feel. You know. We, we don't like Netanyahu. Israelis don't like Netanyahu. So How should they handle Israel though? How should they handle that situation? 'cause it seems very, they're walking on eggshells when they, when they speak about it and they talk about it on East Side.


How, how would you advise that they handle it? Well, I think the priority, what you should just be saying every single day, And I hate that it's dropped out of the discourses. Bring the hostages home. That's all, that's what this is about. There are still dozens of people that are being held in captivity in Gaza by Hamas. That's a priority. And Kamala was asked, she landed in the tarmac in Atlanta before her rally last week. And she was very clear. Israel has a right to defend itself. And I think that you're seeing that play out. But now that we have what's going on with Iran in all of this, this is going, it seems like going to blow up into a, a larger problem in the Middle East than just being able to say this is about Israel and what's gone on in Gaza.


But I think it would be smart for Vice President Harris to continue on the track that Biden has been on. I mean, the proposal that has gotten us the closest to peace and the hostages coming home was honed out of that administration. I think Secretary Blinken has done a great job. And if I were her, I wouldn't change anything for how it is. 'cause it's holding together the coalition and the way to win the election. And it seems like moving the needle with Netanyahu as much as you can. I mean, they have been, it, it sounds like from the reporting You know behind the scenes really forceful with, with him and just saying kind of like, stop fucking around. Like I don't wanna see anything in the West Bank. I don't want you to be giving any more power to any right wingers in this.


Like get the hostages home and You know we're out. So I, I would continue on with where Joe Biden has been going with this. If I were her and she should speak to it, And I, I would address it. Even with the Josh not picking Josh Shapiro. Like why not say something Like they gonna eat her up about that. I, I I really do. 'cause even with the language they're using when they say they didn't want to pick Shapiro because they picked walls. 'cause he does the least damage. Yeah. It's a do no harm. What does that mean? Where's the damage coming from? Well, I, I do think with Shapiro that part of that is the teacher's union issue. That that could break up the labor, the Labor coalition.


But there is anxiety. I mean, my text messages when the announcement came out was full of my friends who are Jewish with some just disappointed, wanted her to go for it just to say kind of like, fuck you to everybody. And I'm going with the guy that makes the most electoral sense. A guy who people could see as presidential. Right? That, that he's on his way to that. And Tim Waltz, it should be noted, does not seem like that. And that's part of the do not do no harm principle and kind of why Obama picked Biden that, I mean, the corollaries are interesting between that. I mean, Joe Biden was someone that could shore up the blue wall for him. Right? He had that affable way of talking. Some of it were gaffes, but no one thought Joe Biden was a bad guy.


And no one thinks Tim Walz is a bad guy. Well, that depends. We if those of us who knew about the 94 crime bill in the 86 mandatory minimum sentencing, we, we didn't, we didn't think he was the greatest guy. Those of us who knew You know he gave the, the eulogies at segregationist You know, like Scrum Thurman's funerals. I'm from South Carolina, so that's how I No, I, I understand. Yeah. And I. I certainly hear it at work and I'm not a bad guy, but, but there's a lot of bad policy. There is a lot of bad policy. There has been also a lot


Seeing our communities grow and thrive as something we care deeply about here. Black Tech, green Money, State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice and grow black owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are worth talking about. Like their deal on the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. With this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. Any year, any condition the deal's so good, it'll have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down the street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at and t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy S note or Z Series smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Knicks, that's KNIX. Period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try Nicks. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's k ni x.com.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus one of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare Match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code Get dime, that's dime beauty co.com code Get dime for 20% off


Out of repentance for bad policy. Is it, I think, I think, I mean he certainly, I think The best atonement is legislation when it comes to legislation. Well, don't you think that Biden has, at least looking at the Biden Harris record or what went on under the Obama years, that there has been some repentance from that as on a policy issue? I don't, I don't think so. Not enough? Not not enough. Not enough In regards to the crime bills. I don't think so. I mean I, I think he has made an effort. Does it? And it never goes far enough for anyone. And part of that is the structure of like, you often need bipartisan support for something and what are you gonna get? I mean, the crime bill that was bipartisan under the Trump administration that Tim Scott did, it doesn't move the needle really.


I don't think that much. No. And it's difficult to really have kind of soaring legislation that is gonna make a massive difference. I, at least from how he's spoken about it, I, I feel like Joe Biden has a lot of regret about things that he signed onto. The Clintons have obviously spoken about that as well. But you can't undo damage that you've done to people's lives like that. So that's something that will hang over them. Do You, do you think that they will debate or do you think it's not gonna happen? Kamala Harris, And, I counter Trump think they, I mean I certainly think they should, of course. Course. I think that she should say three debates, And I think it's fair to start with September 10th on a B, C, because that was an agreed upon one. And then do a Fox debate and then do a something else state.


Maybe a Univision debate, something. I think they absolutely should. And the contrast will be really stark. It's been interesting to see like all of the negatives about Biden's age and his competency have now moved over to Trump. Now that there's only one really old guy in the race. And, I think that even, excuse me. Even if she has some moments where she stumbles, she's still going to look like the vibrant, fresh alternative in all of this. And he's going to seem like an old sexist guy that's yelling at a woman like he did with Hillary. Remember? She was like, why? Why are you yelling? He Walked behind her.


Yeah, but that's the reason why I don't, I don't think he wants to do it. Like that's why I'm thinking he's throwing things out there where he feels that she wouldn't do You know. So it makes it seem like it's her not wanting to do it. Where obviously he doesn't, I, I mean we pay more attention to the press releases in all of this than a lot of people. I think it's all just stupid games, right? Like my comms person is gonna say this and then your comms person is gonna say this. Right? And they should be thinking about, okay, there's a hundred thousand people that I need to convince. They're going to pay attention to a debate. I should show up for a debate. What did you think About him doing Aiden Ross yesterday? A streamer. I mean I, it, it was probably a smart electoral move for him, but I found it repulsive.


Really? I thought it was great. Only, only because I feel, feel, I mean, I feel like you have to meet people where they are. And I. I agree. But Aiden Ross has kind of played around in certainly in the antisemitic with like a Nick Fuentes type of character. Someone who has eaten at Mar-a-Lago as well. I, I You know, I tend to be, I guess a bit of a Pollyanna about that. Where I think certain people, I'm not talking about de platforming And I understand they have a base. But if I was running for president, I wouldn't wanna sit down with someone who has had given safe harbor to someone who You know thinks the call Holocaust was a hoax. Oh, I'm with you. But You know there's a new voter turning 18 every day and that dude's demo is like age 13 to 24.


And it's just like, yo, you sometimes you have to really meet people where they are. I was talking to a lot of You know liberals yesterday and they were saying to me, we care about young voters, not young people. And I'm like, well what's the difference? You might energize some of those young people that register to become young voters. Yeah. Like for all we know, Donald Trump might've had caused 50,000, a hundred thousand kids that never thought about voting to go register to vote yesterday. I you don't know. I You don't know. And again, that's why I say it was smart electorally from a PR perspective that just plays into liberal's hands obviously, that you say like this guy is not gonna sit down with George Stephanopoulos, but he has no problem going on there. And it's not like you show up and he didn't hold his feet to the fire about anything.


That was part of the controversy with Ronna McDaniel getting hired at M-S-N-B-C You know? I said I think it's fair to hire her. She has a wealth of knowledge that would be interesting for viewers. She knows how it actually works. But when she's interviewed, ask her about election denialism. That's the way you do it. Like that's why you work in journalism. That's why you have a platform. Well They can't really, Dems can't really say anything yet. 'cause the Vice President hasn't done anything In interview wise as far as Interview wise. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? No, she she's gotta do it. Absolutely. And I. I think she will. I'm sure they're figuring out what venue they think is the right one to start off. But I imagine Be You know like a lesser Holt or someone like that.


I don't know If I want Well no, I think you should do some of that. But then you should also go to the non-traditional ones. Like Yeah, like, like Trump just did when he went to You know, he went to the National Association for Broadcast Journalist. That was different for him. He went and sat down with Aidan Ross. That's very generous to say that was different for him. That was Different. It was different for all of us. All of Us. He went and sat down with Aidan Ross. That's a non-traditional outlet that has a big audience. I think she needed to do a little bit of both. Well she's done little things like she was You know. She did RuPaul's Drag Race. She should definitely do Sit downs. And I. Think the fact that they are running this very Gen Z focused campaign. I mean If, you go on tiktoks TikTok. Yeah, it's Brat. Summer You know All over the Place. You know She will be doing things like that.


And I know that her team is working to harness all of these big voices. I think Beyonce gave like $4 million. Oh she did? I thought so. But she's definitely gonna do an event And she And you said She's doing a Fundraising event coming Yeah. And she let her use Freedom. Yeah, A freedom obviously as her song. So I'm sure you're gonna be seeing a lot of the big players. Taylor Swift changed her bio on Instagram to something like just a cat lady after JD Vance went after Childless Cat Ladies You know there will be, it's interesting to see because this is kind of surpassing the usual democratic mojo. Like we know people in Hollywood and entertainers tend to lean left, but there seems to be a genuine enthusiasm for Kamala that's different than just this is the ticket, right?


Like kind of as if it were Obama. Again, Why did white women in 2016 vote against their own interests by supporting Trump? And do you think they'll make that same mistake again this year? I, it upsets me to this day. I think I joined and listen to a bit of the white women for Harris call and also the white dudes for Harris call. And a lot of it was about that. And this just feelings of regret and remorse over not doing enough or flat out voting the wrong way. Though this tended to be a more liberal crowd at, they changed course in 2020. We didn't get Joe Biden because of the usual core constituency.


We got those white moderate women back right in the suburbs of Atlanta, outside of Phoenix, et cetera. I imagine they'll stay the course. I think the Dobbs decision is so electrifying for people and not just because You know women wanna be able to have abortion on demand or whatever. Ridiculous right wing talking point there would be. But because women know that after six weeks you can't even get a heartbeat scan or they know how difficult of a time they have had getting pregnant or that You know 25 to 3% of women are going to have a miscarriage and their lives. And the majority of women who are getting an abortion are people who have already had children. That it's part of family planning. And. I think that that's going to be a huge issue for Democrats and one that keeps moderate white women who might vote Republican if it was a Mitt Romney or someone who seemed normal in all of this in the fold.


What do you say to people who feel like Fox shouldn't be allowed to host a debate because they lost the Dominion lawsuit? I think it's silly And, I, Brett and Martha who will be the anchors for the debate and our election night coverage, our complete straight shooters. I mean, Brett Bayer was the last serious interview that Donald Trump did. And he hasn't done it again because Brett humiliated him so much. Remember when he read all the quotes about what people are saying about him? And he said like, why does no one wanna work for you anymore? Right? Mean Trump has something like all of his high level staff, no one's coming back and they've written in memoirs and done interviews speaking to You know ideas of like, can I just go shoot protesters during the Black Lives Matter?


Summer protests, You know talking about how veterans who get killed are losers not wanting to go, what was it in Normandy? They didn't wanna go to the, the graves of the veterans because it was raining out. Like things like that. That's all coming out from people who worked for Donald Trump. And B Brett Bearer was the one who really held his feet to the fire about that. So I think it's silly. I think the two things are completely unrelated and You know. I understand that there are folks who take issue with Fox. I, it's part of what I think is important about showing up and that I like that I do. 'cause it, people get genuinely shocked.


They're like, oh, this was going on at Fox. I'm like, yeah, it's going on every single day. You know on the highest rated show on the network. The Five. Yeah. You would be good on CNN now too though. 'cause CNN You know. Has they they put both sides up there now. Yeah, I listen, I I have great respect for everybody. I have a lot of friends that work at the other networks. I think that having never Trumpers is not a real reflection of the Republican party because whether you like it or not or however you feel about him, it's, it's Trump's party. And yeah, they do have folks who will show up every once in a while that are supportive of Trump, but they're not the diehards. Right? It's not somebody who saw something in Trump when he came down that golden escalator and understood about You know how he was speaking about issues like immigration or how he was talking about the economy and that it really resonated.


It seems more like political operators to me than the genuine article. What's your thoughts on JD Vance? I know you mentioned him a little earlier. What's your thoughts on him? Totally. Switch sides. Like not a Trump supporter. Disliking Trump. Hating Trump and then all of a sudden Trump's his best friend. What's your thoughts on that? And the fact that I, I don't feel like we dive into that enough About JD Vance or just people in general Got Vance. Listen, I think JD Vance was the absolute worst pick for VP for Trump. And that doesn't mean that I think that Trump is going to lose, I think probably even though the forecasts are shifting that he still has a structural advantage. So I'm putting that out there. But JD Vance was the only choice that he had that doesn't really move the needle.


He doesn't have a different base than Trump. You know Trump was winning Ohio. JD Vance underperformed Governor DeWine, the Republican governor there I think by double digits. I think that Trump, if he hadn't been shot, would not have picked JD Vance. I think that the fact that JD Vance came out there and was the first person to tweet that this was Joe Biden and the Democrat's fault that he went with JD Vance because he's like a security blanket and he felt good to him and he's not a threat at all. Donald Trump just can't stand anyone that feels threatening and JD Vance, no one looks at him and thinks he's presidential You know And I think that that was also a miscalculation because now that people do see Trump as the old guy, you are looking to the vice president more than you would be.


Right? So if he had someone like at the RNCI met Glenn Kin for the first time, the governor of Virginia. I was blown away. No. Also by the fact that he's six foot nine, which I did not know. Charming, very policy oriented. The crowd loved his speech that he gave and all of my smart Republican friends were dying for Trump to pick young Ken to at least moderate the ticket a bit. You know we all have friends that live in New Jersey, live in a Virginia and have had Republican governors and been just fine. And it would've sent that kind of message. So JD Vance, I think it sounds like from reporting that it was his sons that were pressuring him to do it. LinkedIn Dad, pick my friend.


Pick my friend and Oh, the Heritage Foundation. Well, they've done a number with that one. I love that. They're like, oh, project 2025, we have nothing to do with it. A hundred former Trump officials are working on it. JD Vance was their pick. That's what they wanted. Yeah, totally. Well I think it's because it's a blank slate. You could do anything you want to him. I mean someone who would write a book like that, give the number of interviews that he's done talking about Trump and You, know that he's maybe America's Hitler. I don't know how you reverse course on that. I understand how you change your mind about single payer healthcare. I don't understand how you think then America's Hitler is what the country needs. He went from a calling him Hitler to giving them Hawk tour.


Like, I mean it's just like a full throat endorsement. Okay. That's right. Jesus Christ. It's the morning. I do love his wife though. I think she's great and they should be using her more. Her speech, her introduction of him at the RNCI thought was fantastic. She's Uber. I mean they're both uber smart. You know you don't get to Yale Law School being a big dumb dumb, but they should be using her more definitely. But she, she was a registered Democrat until 2022 and she seems very uneasy with what's going on. I can't imagine actually if my husband woke up and was like, I'm gonna go work for Donald Trump. You, you said something, you said you think Trump is gonna win.


'cause he's more, what you say, structured. He has a structural advantage. When You say structural advantage, what do you mean? That he has a bunch of Republicans across the country who will probably won't, who refuse to certify the results of the election and he's got, well, that'll help. And he is got the Supreme Court if he challenges it You know All of those things. But I just mean the way the electoral college is. Okay, You know Kamala's favored to win the popular vote. The Democrat basically always wins, always a popular vote. And then we lose the electoral college. I mean, it's crazy how how far you have to outperform the Republican. If you're the Democrat in the You know one person, one vote standard to be able to win. And so that's why I still think that he has an advantage. And You know we're getting there in the enthusiasm gap.


But Donald Trump's supporters are diehards in a way that she has yet to build that kind of fervor. You know that Obama 2012 fervor People. That's why don't give Tim Walz picked. That's why I feel like you can put that another star on the ticket. The same way you said somebody like Trump is You know, scared to have somebody that can outshine him. You gotta, what'd you call him? Barista Obama. What'd you call it? Baruch Obama. Bar Obama. Bar Obama. Barista Obama. You gotta put Baruch Obama. You gotta put Governor Josh Shapiro that he's another star. I feel like that to me that that, I'm not gonna say it so it locks things up, but I think that's a better, a Better ticket. Well there's no doubt that the Trump team is happy about this. You know, and any day that Republicans are happy is a bad day for me.


But I do think that Tim Waltz will surprise and delight people in a way that they're not expecting. You know. He has this America's dad background being a teacher and a football coach. He flipped a conservative seat in Minnesota in 2006 when he entered Congress. One of the stories that I, I found the most engaging and just very sweet, his daughter came to him, I think it was after the Parkland shooting, and he had an A rating from the NRA and she said, dad, we guns are the problem here. You know it's always the guns. Now he has an F rating from the NRA. He is someone who's willing to listen to people to change his mind.


He has apologized. Going back to the point that you made about how many apples was handled in the wake of George Floyd's murder. He said it was an abject failure. And this election with both Kamala and Tim Walz, I think will be a lot about whether people are willing to accept apologies for things and to accept that folks have evolved. And going back to your point that we have to keep talking about the threat to democracy and all of it, those two people are the ones standing in the way of Donald Trump. And that's what it comes down to. Yeah. And that's You know gotta be the chorus in all of this until November 5th. That's Gonna be interesting. You just made me think about something.


'cause I mean, I said, I said that they were gonna start pointing the finger at him in regards to the aftermath of George Floyd. But if they start saying he was a guy that let let cops do whatever on top of already You know painting Kamala as the top cop, that's not gonna play well on social media. No, it's, it's weird because it matters so much. And I feel like it has, especially for Kamala, changed the course of the last two weeks, kind of the love that she is been getting. But at the end of the day, those aren't the tried and true voters. You know, we didn't have Joe Biden as president because of social media. We had Joe Biden as president because Gen X and Boomer black people showed up at the polls.


That Is True. So it's not You know, the vibes aren't real life and we'll have to see how that plays out. But a lot of these kids that are posting about Gaza or You know are into Brat Summer right now. And then You know will fall out of love with her over whatever stance she's taking. Or they just find out that she's actually a prosecutor that put, put a lot of people behind bars. Were they gonna vote anyway? I'm not completely sure. Yeah, I agree. All right. Well we appreciate you for joining us. How can they find You? Because you, like you said, you're not on social like that. Oh, I'm on Twitter, which I know no one wants to be around. But you could watch The Five, which is five o'clock on Fox News channel.


And why don't You have your own podcast or something? I'm working on it. Yeah. Okay. Love to do that. And yeah, thank you guys so much for having me. No, thank you for coming. All right. You could catch you on The. Five, like she said. Jessica Tarlo. And we appre Tarlo Tarlo. Tarlo Tarlo. Oh Tarlo. All of it is good. Okay. Yeah, just The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that Ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hi icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chazen featuring Megan Trainor out today. You now I'm saying goodbye because I'm done chasing you. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chason from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to Pres Save my album Sponsored by 1111. Media


Is getting gas at Exxon, burning a hole in your wallet. What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with Drop You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop six six to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.


Zi nicotine pouches deliver nicotine satisfaction anywhere, anytime, which means Zen pairs well with you, your personality, your schedule, and your spontaneity. Zen fits easily into your bag pocket and into your life because it's smoke-free hands-free and hassle-free. So the only person who will know you have a Zi Pal gin is you. Visit zinn.com or head to your local convenience store today to find your Zi warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical


In every pair of Kovas boots. You can expect handmade quality, first wear, comfort, and timeless Western style Kovas boots are always made from premium, bovine and exotic leathers. And with occasional resoling, they will last a lifetime. The best way to shop for Boots is at your local Kovas store where you'll be greeted by the smell of fresh leather and a friendly smile. Come on in, grab a cold one, get fitted by a pro and shop the latest styles. Visit kovas.com. That's T-E-C-O-V-A s.com. And don't go gently y'all.


Hello. It is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps You, know all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com, Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.