
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And. I. Want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


What's up? It's me, Don, Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bulls.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yeah, it's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne. God. Lauren Osa. DJ Envy is sick. Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. But Nala Simone is here and the good brother Tyle Ali is here. What's up King? Peace. You say My name. Like my parents do. That's how you say it. Yeah, that's the right way, Right? That's how my parents say it. You know the, the Muslims say Lib Talib, but I was raised as Tali Lib. That's how You know. I've known you for a long time. You say it the old school way. How are you King? I'm good. Good to see you. New. Album. The confidence in knowing. Yes Sir. What is the confidence in knowing not just the album, but that mantra? What is that? What is that? Well, First of all, shout out to Jay Rawles, the producer, professor at the Ohio State University producer Brown Skin Lady.


He's my partner on that album. So shout out to Jay Rawles. But the confidence in knowing is a quote that I got actually from Jay-Z. He said it off the cuff in an interview. And I feel like he heard it somewhere, but it stayed with me for years. It's the idea that as an artist, you have to know that you're on the right path. You have to know that you're doing the right thing. Even when The World tells you that you sound crazy when you say, I'm gonna be an artist for a living. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Even when The World says, nah, that's not gonna work. Your chances of succeeding in that world are so small. You should get a regular job. And there's a lot of voices like that for artists. So for art, you have to have the confidence to know that even though The World is telling you that you're crazy, that you're doing the right thing. You know what's interesting about that. I remember when Ho said You know skills sold lyrically.


I'd probably be lib quali. I wonder if in that moment, was he truly confident? That's a great question. I feel like he was in that moment, he was telling us that he feels restricted. You know. He'd still had to like drop an album every fourth quarter to get the sales of Rockefeller up. At that time, he still had to make records for the radio, records for the club, The business of it. The business of it. And then after that, when he was a billionaire, he no longer has to do that. Now he got the Basquiat dreads You. know what I'm saying? Now he looks like how I looked like in high school. He sounds like how I sound like in high school You know what I'm saying? Or do you ever feel restricted? Because I know like you, you do your own thing a lot. Like, so have you ever felt that restriction, even like with the release of this project, I've, I've seen you talk about like you, you tour so much and like just some of the comments you've made about yourself.


I think you're in, in a really great space and you love the space you're in. Thank you. But it's a lot different artists. Normally, like you said it yourself, you would understand why someone will call you a one hit wonder depending on where they, what they listen to in hip hop and what era they are. A lot of artists would be upset about that. But you are very comfortable with where you are. Do you feel restricted sometimes? Like you have to fall into the business because of whatever reason? I think I've gone through that. I can listen to records I've made. I like all my records. And I think that I'm good at my craft, but I can listen to records I made five years ago, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, where I'm like, okay, I could tell the intentionality behind this song was to be in the music business. Got you. Trying to get a single on radio, trying to get more ears and eyes of what I'm doing. And the, the less I do that, the happier I am.


When did you start doing that? Less though. Like, do you remember that moment? Mm. Of like, Man, I think it was a gradual process. I'm not sure when I really stopped doing that, but I think around the time when I started, I did an album called The Seven with Styles P And on that album it was no pressure to have a hit single or have a radio single or anything. It's just like we just gonna bar everybody out. Mm. And after that, I did an album with Diamond D You know did an album with Mad Lib. I I try to work with people who I don't have to meet that expectation. Well wasn't that the, the the, the the the meaning behind Ruckus back in the day. Like it wasn't that label there.


So Yeah. Artists didn't have to compromise. Yeah. But then Simon says happened. Oh and it was such a huge record. Like the first rec ruckus song that made it to radio was Definition Meia most def And Flex liked that. And he was playing that, if you remember in the era, flex was so big in that era. And so Simon says, comes next and and Simon says before, before Simon says the the raucous thing was independent as fuck. Like we don't need the radio. We independent until you get a radio single. Then the label started chasing them heads. Remember they signed G Rap and they signed Smith and Wesson. They had G Rap and Ja Jagged Edge record You. know what I'm saying? It's like You know with all due respect to both G Rap and Jagged Edge, that record didn't Work.


That's not what you wanna hear. That's not what you wanted to hear from either one of them. And so they got kind of caught up in that trying to chase them hits. But I, okay. I was gonna say in the confidence of knowing, 'cause I feel like especially the type of rapper that you are, when you talk about knowing, it's like understanding life and just like the amount of knowledge that you drop, it's kind of like how do you, how do you navigate and just like staying balanced because the things that you talk about aren't really light subjects. Like it's, it's real life. I think for me it's been rewarding to be this type of artist and to You know I love what I do and I'm, I'm someone who focuses. I try my best to focus on the culture of hip hop, And, I, think people outside of the culture see hip hop one way.


They see it as just greed or sex and violence. And it's easy for them to critique that. But I think for me and the community I come in, come from, it's just always been about the culture. I'm excited about it. I wake up excited about it. I think just trying to be excited about and doing what you love for a living. Like I'm not, I'm not in it to make money. I, I wanna make money, but I'm not, I don't rap to make money. I try to, I try to allow who I am to create revenue streams and And I encourage other artists to not depend on the art for revenue. 'cause it ain't out there like that. But yeah, I, I I hope I answered your question. It's a good question. I'm not sure I answered it properly.


No, you do. I just, I feel like, 'cause I'm a person who gravitates towards like conscious music, And. I feel like at times I don't wanna be aware. But I can't help but be aware 'cause this is just where I'm like, this is just What I gravitate towards. That's interesting because music, especially for people who are marginalized in the communities that we serve with our music, these people have hard lives. And so music should be an escapism and it often is. And so a lot of people go to the club. You go to the club, people work hard all week, they save up their coin, they go to the club, they don't wanna hear somebody talk about the election or Black nationalism or You know what I'm They Do it. They wanna Hear the I got drag for saying that in this room.


You gotta let me say it with you. Yeah, Thank you. Because I basically was trying to say that as well too. Like even if I have like conscious music that I listen to, like when I'm out and I'm partying, I really don't, it's stuff gets heavy. Like I just wanna party and have this song, song me Preface it. She started off by saying nobody wanna hear that shit. Not, Not what I said. That's how it was edited. That Kendrick The Party You know it's, I Ask the question, it's not what I said. It was how it was edited. Yeah. And I was asked the question for the clips. Yeah. Right. I feel like I think he edited it with his own fingers. Right. What I was basically trying to say is like even if the music is great and it has a place, I think like more people feel like they want the escapism they do, a lot of times they deserve, deserve how I feel.


Anyway, I'm not a stats person, but this Movie, this movie that Issa Rae did years ago, she kind of like set us up for the Kendrick and Drake battle. I forget what it's called. It's Issa Rae and Laki Stan know who you're talking about. In that movie there was an argument between about Kendrick and Drake. It Was a romcom joint. Yeah. I can't remember the name of it. I'm looking At it. The whole movie's based on, he liked Kendrick, she liked Drake. And at the end of the movie he like, I don't mean to spoil spoiler alert, but he buys her tickets to a Kendrick Lamar concert. 'cause it was like the philosophy of what Drake represents versus what Kendrick represents. Why the Hell my brain, the photograph photograph, I never Realized why. Yo. But she, She, she was early on that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She was early. I I don't, she said Don't like she's Just acting in the movie.


I don't know if she wrote or produced it, but she's You know she was the catalyst behind the movie. But, but I don't know why that hasn't come up. I haven't heard that all year long. That's first I just thought about it just when you just said, okay, I just thought about it. But You know I got this song Get by. It's my biggest song. Whenever something Bad happens to black people, y'all play it up here on the radio station. Yeah. Yep. You know what I'm saying? No, we was playing earlier Something Bad. You know, You know what it is. But, but You know I used to go to strip clubs a lot. I didn't, I didn't go to strip clubs until I became known as a rapper You. know what I'm saying? Like at certain era of rap strip clubs were very popular and I would go into strip club and the DJs, a lot of the DJs, this is before like Step, you could get title on your Serato, the DJs, a lot of times in these strip strip clubs, they might have just get by and they in they crates.


So I'm walking to the strip club and they playing get by and them strippers just like, ah, I want to hear this. I have to twerk to this You. know what I'm saying? So yeah. I even Though they doing what they need to do just to get by. That's true. So I get what you're saying, but I will say this to that point because what you're saying is correct, the hardest thing to do is to make conscious music. A hundred percent. I agree with you. And That's, and and that's, that's, I challenge myself. I run to it. And knowing that challenge, knowing people wanna hear that escapism. How can I be so dope that even though they don't want to hear this, they it, they still gonna have to hear. And that's why A conscious rapper, I I I considered, I consider you that. And that's why with the, when you were, I think it was tore Yeah.


The tore show when you were on his show and you said the thing about like you, you are a most touring rapper. Like you tour, you make money, but at the same time you would understand why some people would say the one hit wonder thing because they're not tapped into the conscious or whatever, however people label you. I really was like, wow, I've never heard a artist like kind of use that to big themself up. And I commend you for that because a lot of artists take that personally. Like I can't go in the strip club and hear my music. Like, are y'all crazy? You should be playing my music. Right. I'm just, I'm really self-aware. I think I try to be self-aware. I try to understand my worth, my value, but I also try to understand perception, perception's not always reality. The way people perceive me. It's not what it is. But I still have respect for their perception. I wanna go back to something you said about Simon says, because it just made me think about it, right?


Simon says wasn't necessarily what you would call a radio record. It wasn't. So why would Ara say, Hey cool g Rap. Do a song with Jagged Edge instead of just saying, Hey, make the best art y'all can possibly make. And if radio messes with it, clubs messes with it. They just do it. I mean, think about how big, I mean, radio still, terrestrial radio is still very important. Still very big. But it was bigger back then. It was like you without the radio You. know what I'm saying? Like, soul's a mischief. If you really dope, why aren't you signed yet? That was the mentality. Why aren't you on the radio? Why aren't you on? And so that's just what it was. Simon says, I don't think was made for the intention of getting on the radio. Pharaoh was trying to make a hot joint.


Right. But it's such a good song that they tasted a little bit of that success and now that's the only thing they focused on. Because That's how I feel about Get by. Like Get By is not a radio record. It's just a super dope record. Yeah. That means something to to to a lot of us. Yeah. And when you hear it, it just, it's like a feel good joint. Matter of fact, to sing this, the video for Get By Myself and Ruckus put our money into it. 'cause we were a distribution went priority. I think I had put out a single for that album, two singles already. And the label, the major label, the distribution, they wasn't going to give us no money for it. I'm Wow. I'm like, get by. This to me was a hit record in my head. I'm like, this is a single. But they didn't support it, so we put it out on our own.


Mm. So it was like, to to your point, it's like the machine didn't see it. They was like, that's a mix. A mix. Show record. When did Jay, when did Jay call you and say, yo, I'm getting on that? Or did he just drop the verse and you heard it somewhere? Nah, I, I met Jay at Lincoln Center at this Roots event, which is crazy. 'cause the day I met Jay is, is actually on YouTube somewhere. You can see the, the day we met. Wow. And And I told him we should work together and get, but he gave me his two-way number, his two-Way pager. Remember you had to like do the put it next to him? Absolutely. And I paged him. And I was like, yo, get on this remix. And he was like, I got you. And then I didn't hear back from him. I, I hit him up like two or three times.


He never responded. And then one day he hit me, he said, what's your email address? And I sent it to him and five minutes later the verse was in the email. Wow. And then I You know if, if you listen to that remix, there's many different versions of it. But the one that people listen to the most is me Kanye Most Def Most and Jay-Z. So when I got the whole verse, so for me it was gonna be me and Jay-Z I laid eight bars as a reference and then I left to go get some food Kanye. And most def was in the studio. They each laid like 24 bar verses and then they gave it to DJ enough and then it came out. So I have eight bars on that remix. Everybody else got. Oh, that's wild. Eight more bars. It's real wild. That's wild. Like wild. It's real wild. I'm triggered Whenever people talk about that remix.


Yo that is crazy. But shout out to all of them 'cause that's how excited people were about that record. 50 cent jumped on it. Busta Rhymes jumped on its Snoop Dogg jumped on it. It just became like a lightning ride. I kind of missed that era though. Just give it to the dj. Just put it out. We're excited about this. This. Yeah. Do labels still even matter? Like, like what? Like what has changed since the, since the nineties, early two thousands. Like if it ain't radio, if it ain't labels, like what do artists do? I mean think is You know the power of the people. You know. I don't, I don't know how this show works anymore because I don't know what y'all tape or what's live. I'm so confused. But You know what I'm saying. Like I was, I was listening to y'all talk about Tyler the creator.


That was live. That Was live. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So I think what people from his generation, like the conversation that Tyler that was had around Tyler and DJ Khaled when their records dropped at the same time and Khaled was on social media. Like not understanding how Tyler went. Number one. I think that to me signified the change. Yes. Where we are going from this like very industry-based radio with your relationships with radio to like the internet. The internet. Because Tyler is the internet and developing your organic fan base. And I think Tyler and Odd Future and You know people like that are are they now like that like y'all was alluding to they now the old school of that now this new kids who I probably not don't even know about.


It's, it was interesting right? 'cause when you have these conversations even about a Tyler, the creator, And I, I even think about You know you and Mo and all of them. You gotta sit back and think why aren't those guys in like the the top five top You know greatest of all time conversations are the best of their era conversations. 'cause it's almost like y'all, I think they though have the Machine behind think I think they are for tho for tho we, I think we not in those conversations, people like our age are not having them conversation. I think that The kids are Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know even when you, even when you hear people say like For who are future Tyler, You've heard this right future Because definitely he says That. Oh, you talking about like he say that he say the whole like is he more relevant in the streets conversation?


I think just versus like it goes from eras like for there's a certain era, it's regional too, but there's a certain era that for certain era nobody's better than Lil Wayne for certain era. Nobody's better than future and nobody ever will be for a certain era. Nobody's better than Biggie Jay-Z and Nas. I think it just, it keeps That's true. You know I'm saying I have Future in my fantastic four. Okay, so for this era, so it's Kendrick Cole, Drake future. But then I sit back and think to myself, why isn't Tyler in that conversation? Tyler's not a product of the industry. Maybe that's What I what I'm saying. Yeah. So even with guys like y'all, like the machine wasn't behind y'all. And I've heard people say You know y'all would say future's a product of the industry. I don't feel like, no, not The industry.


But Y'all don't feel like Future is a product of the industry. Honestly, for real. Look, combination Of both Don. Like he got some industry vibes when like the whole like dating Sierra thing happened just because of his relationship. But music wise, the industry doesn't like really push future. I mean isn't his uncle is Rico. He got, I met Future When he was 15 years old. Yeah, but I just mean like machine And I hear product of the industry. I think like, oh these are artists that had that like it's obvious the Machin is there. I feel like Future does Hiss own thing. He's like, I I might be mistaken. I don't know. 'cause I know Future was bubbling in Atlanta in a way that You know. I wasn't really a part of that to see how he bubbled. Yeah, he Came up in the street. Yeah, definitely Did. But that's what I mean. He's still there. A lot of product of the industry people like they can't still bubble in the street this that same, it's hard to do the balance.


Like I think All Those guys, Kendrick Drake bu bubbled in the street versus a future bubbled in the street. It's different conversation. One's like street and then one was the woman, one was a street guy, one was to the woman. It's Different. We don't gotta argue about it right now because this about you. I say, I say this when I say product industry, I'm not, I'm not saying that you like a plant or like You know I'm not, that's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is at a certain point a button was pushed and the and and the the, the building got behind you and the building absolutely got behind Future. And the Tyler's case, I have to clarify, I feel like in this case, the building his labels, they got behind him. But it's not, they didn't get behind him in the way that they would get behind an artist.


They would push to urban. They're not bringing him up to the, to see y'all the way they would bring up a certain artist. They're not pushing Tyler. And maybe that's just because of how Tyler and his crew moving. He's not being pushed to the urban. I think it's Because of how they're moving. 'cause they were like early strategic on internet with trolling and he was creating like his own like TV episodes. Like he was a innovator of the, He was trolling me. I still want answers for this. He, he did a video years ago where he said he was in his house or someone's house and he pretended to fall down the steps and he got up. He said, Hey y'all, I'm Talib Quali and to this day I still don't, I still don't get to joke. Yeah. I hope he wasn't trying to dis me You know what I'm saying?


Wasn't it at a birthday party? I don't know where was, he was like wearing a birthday hat. I don't remember What he, what he was wearing. But I remember that. But I never got an explanation for that. But I guess that's the what I'm, the question I'm trying to ask. When I look at a group like Black Star, most def Lib Quali should be mentioned in greatest hip hop groups of all time ate that. Is it because there was no machine behind you to push that button? Well, To We had a button pushed though. Okay. To be fair. Okay. Ruckus Raus gave the illusion of independence. But what made Ruckus different wasn't just the artist they signed. It was because they took Black Star and Company Flow and Koji rap and all these people. And they spent the money. They paid the Olas, they paid the, they paid for the parties.


They had this house in the Hamptons. You don't gotta do the quotation marks. You know, but You know Payola real. Yeah, real You know I Don't wanna get nobody in trouble. You know what I'm saying? I ain't no dj. But they paid, they paid for when you in that era, you saw Ruckus videos on Rap City on 1 0 6 and Park on they, and they, they they, the radio promo, all that stuff, they did all the stuff the major label did while saying we're independent. And I think that's the difference. So it was a lie the whole time. They were technically, yeah, technically they were independent, but they were independent spending the way the majors were spending. Got You, got you. Did y'all get more money for your albums? Yeah, we got You know Ru Yeah. The deals, the deals that we got, the advances we got were comparable to major label deals.


Got You. But it was like it was presented. They do that now though. Right. So now when they roll out artists, they'll have a big major label, but they won't even tell you. The artist assign, they'll let the artist bubble on social media and get your own because they realize that's how people dis discover art. So that's what Ruckus was doing back Then. Did y'all ever flirt with signing with somebody bigger, like a Def Jam or Black Star had a deal on Geffin and we had a deal in MCA and then Ruckus got scooped up by Geffin and Geffin got scooped up by Interscope. I've had Major, I've been signed the Warner Brothers, Interscope Capital. I've had major deals, I've had independent deals. I've put it out myself. I've done it all. Do you, do you feel like Black Star made a a, a wise decision or a poor decision by putting now by not putting the last album out?


Why? That's a great question. There's pros and cons to it. The pros are the deal I did with Luminary, which was a podcast company to put the Black Star album out with Luminary meant that with, by the time you heard the album, I'm In The Black. That's never happened in my career. Wow. Normally I have to go out and beg people to come buy the album. Hey y'all, I got a New Album out And I didn't have to do that. I already made my money back before the album ever came out. And so financially, lucrative wise, it made a ton of sense in The World. But I'm still a product of this culture. I still want to be involved in the culture. I'm a rapper. I want people to hear my raps. So the trade off is we made our money.


I didn't lose any money, but a lot, a lot of people didn't get to hear the album. I will say that I, I wish, and this is a wish and a hope that people would be more to your, I wanted to say this to you earlier about being a conscious consumer. 'cause you said you enter conscious music. But I think too often we put the onus on the artist to be conscious, particularly rappers. And we don't put the onus on ourselves to be conscious consumers. Conscious radio hosts, conscious radio programmers, conscious DJs, conscious whatever. Conscious teachers, conscious garbage collectors, everything. And if you're a conscious consumer, you're gonna wanna meet the artists where they're at. But the fact is is that these people have been a lot, we have a generation who was raised to think music was free to not have to pay for.


Music is already available to them on the apps. So when you come to people and say, You know what to hear my album, I need you to click two or three extra buttons on your phone. They'll be like, what? Why? How dare you? What's wrong with you? You don't care about the people. And they get very upset about that. I think we're kind of like low key getting back to that though. 'cause a lot of people are putting their music out on even and like behind a paywall before they put it on major DSPs. And I mean. Yeah, I'm guilty of, I mean You know I grew up on Limewire. Same then. Yeah. So I pay for artists. I support though because I know that, so like if I support you And I really lock it. Like Wale, I always pay, I will pay for his stuff even though I don't even, to be honest with you.


Like it goes to the other side of your Apple music library. Like when you actually download it. And I never go over there. But I, that's funny. I just do it just because I wanna support him. Right. So it's it's a little bit different for us. Yeah. I actually buy music for sure. Yeah. I I'm, I can't be mad at someone who doesn't. I, I wish more people had the knowledge to know. 'cause it's expensive. Not just financially, but spiritually, mentally. You know. We put blood sweated tears into this and it's like You know. And now in order to be successful in the streaming era, you have to feed the machine. You have to keep creating, keep creating, keep creating. And, and you're rewarded by That. See that's actually what I really was trying to ask and the confidence of knowing. 'cause being conscious is like You know so much and you, you'll say these things but people don't really hear you.


And like, is that frustrating? Yeah, there's a lot of things that I, that I hate being correct about And. I get frustrated. But that's just ego. So I have to remove my ego from that. And that's, that's why I laugh because I've been working on that a lot lately. What were you correct about that now you'd be like, Hmm. Told y'all like you were correct then. But now it would, It would so much of There's, I know there's one you'd be, you'd be Like, you could point to the song still. I don't think it's ego to be Like I told you nigga. Yeah. Like I know you like these. I don't think that's ego at all. It has to be at least one or two. Gimme like the top two of like the top. I Said it. Okay. The top two.


I used to be on social media a lot. I've been kicked off a bunch of social media. 'cause I argue with people And I gauge and they, they don't want that And I. The arguments I'm having are over like bigotry and politics. It's not like for in my, in my opinion, it's not trivial stuff. It's stuff that's important to talk about. But man, if you ask anybody about me on social media, who's not a fan of me, you'll hear this often. Talib Quali calls everybody a Nazi. He say, why is he always saying everything is white nationalism. Everything is, and what's in the news? What's dominating in the news cycle? You Ain't gotta tell me I have a right wing general. Yeah. Who in his and gave the definition of fascism. He said fascism is a right wing extremist.


That's right. Authoritarian philosophy that this guy that I worked under when I was his military advisor is a fascist. This guy praises Hitler. I've been ringing this bell for years, since 2016. I was out in front of the White House protesting 'cause he was saying fascist Hitler like things. And people were like, you are crazy. You keep saying Nazi people would come to my page. I put up a anti-Trump post and people will stop


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you are now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhone. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone for details


What they doing in they day. And come to my page and be like, you shouldn't do that. You are a democratic puppet. You're a puppet of the Jews. This is the type of things people will say to me. You tell me that I'm a because I'm against Nazi, that I'm a puppet of the Jews. That's right. You know who you sound like. You sound like a Nazi. The Nazis And. I felt like I was going crazy a little bit because to me it's clear I'm, I'm a little disappointed in our mainstream media. 'cause the way that the, the CNN and M-S-N-B-C and all them, they're on the story now, but it's like, this is nothing new. I just had this conversation with Anderson Cooper last night. Yeah. Like literally, because I I I've, I've been talking about this double standard. The fact that we treat Trump so normally is mind boggling to me.


Yeah. And if you've ever read like a book, like the fall, the rise and fall of the third. Right. You can see exactly. We're on the same exact path. A fast track to fascism in America. It is when Trump comes out and says Kamala Harris is a socialist, communist, Marxist. Those are the enemies of the Nazis politically. Yep. That's the opposite political spectrum. So if someone is trying to pander the Nazis, they're gonna call you a socialist. They're gonna call you a communist. They're gonna, and Kamala Harris is not any of these things. She's an imperialist, she's a capitalist. She's not a socialist. She's never been a socialist. She's never been a communist. These are just boogeyman words. And, and the, the Democrats, Kamala Harris, Joe Biden, You know all of them.


Barack Obama, bill c Clinton, the Democrats as a party. There's so many things you could say that they've done wrong. There's so many flaws. There's so many times they've taken advantage of the black community. There's so, so much out there you could criticize 'em for. And a lot of these criticisms are valid. But what I find disheartening is you have people who can now become experts and can eloquently tell you how racist the 94 crime bill was and why Joe Biden shouldn't have said on this show, You know vote for me if I'm black. You ain't black. Yeah. They can, they can, they know all that stuff. But then you point to Trump's racism and they like, they trying to blind out. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. What? That's right. That's right. I Can't trust you. I'd rather trust someone who says I don't trust either one of them.


That's right. Yeah. Than someone who's trying to convince me to support Trump. I, I I I So the fascism thing is very 'cause to me that's to me the difference. Even though I don't agree with a lot, I don't agree with the Democrats on Gaza. I don't agree with the Democrats on certain immigration policy. There's a lot of things I don't agree with them on. But they're not fascist. None of us want to, you do not wanna live under authoritarian rule. Yeah. You just don't want the, These guys, the, the right wing. They, they straight up say they do not believe in democracy anymore. They don't want a democracy. They don't like the idea of they, the DDEI. Right. They don't like the a diverse America affirmative action. All these foreigners coming in, having a vote. They don't like that. They want minority rule.


That's why they have the electoral college. The electoral college was designed so that rich white men have all the power. Even if the majority says this to people we want, they said, well, we're the landowners. So there's the people we want You. know what I'm saying? So that's one thing. And then the other thing I'd say, you would Be jailed right now for having that conversation. Like literally, that's what, that's what we're headed towards when he, he's talking about putting jour, we're not headed towards a potential is we got 11 days. Like he's talking about putting journalists in jail, talking about jail and his political opponents talking about putting people in detention. If you Vote for me, you won't have to vote anymore ever Again. This how, how, what, how much Like that's clear fasc. It's mind boggling, bro. He led it and he led an attempted cool of his country. We saw it. He's, he's trying to, he wants to get rid of the Department of Education, which is the, what's one of the top things that the says in Project 2025 something he says he has nothing to do with, even though all his advisors, all his people are the ones that put it together.


Anyway, I don't wanna talk too much about that guy. It is what it is. Well, I do have one question. It's kind of related to that guy before you get off on it. Okay. I mean, look, if y'all wanna talk about that, we, I could talk about it all day. I just, it it's kind of, it gives, it goes back into music. I, when Kanye was on drink champs and he made the common versus you conversation and then you had, respondent was like, you talked about how he told you that he didn't really wanna be down for Trump. That Rick Rubin made him do that and like all that stuff, right? Yeah. Have you talked to Kanye since, all of that stuff? Yeah. The last time I spoke to Kanye was last. I ran into him at a hotel maybe last March. This Is after drink champs. After Drink Champs. And, and and this is after your comment. Had he saw what you said in response? Yes. I, I had, this is the first time I saw Kanye after drink.


Champs And I walked up on him. He said, I knew that was you. I could tell from your silhouette of your baseball hat from across the room. And then he, we had a long conversation and he told me then that he does not support Trump anymore. He said things since then publicly that would lead me to believe he still supports Trump. This guy goes back and forth. But when he sees me both times I saw him, he says, I don't support Trump. I feel like he don't wanna say that in front of me, but if you watch the drink Champs, he says, Talib Quali is always telling me to read. I wish he would read himself to death. That's what he said on the show. And it's because a lot of the things he says, I would send him links and articles instead of just you wrong.


I'd be like, here, read this. And so he was res that's what he was reacting to. The fact that I keep trying to make him read And I feel like Kanye's a genius. He's a icon. Musical genius. Yeah. Musical genius. Fashion icon. I, culturally he's very important, but he's not very well read. Yep. He's, he's admittedly, admittedly, yeah, admittedly I don't read admittedly And I think not being well read. I, I don't education shame. I try to be careful 'cause my parents are educators, so I try to be careful. But I feel like the, the education, American education system is failing us. And this is why we're, this is why someone who's been indicted for rape has a very strong shot of being president for the second time.


And you, so you haven't talked to him recently to know like where he stands with the Kamala the the Trump Right now I don't Even think we care. Yeah. I don't, I don't know what his, we shouldn't care. I don't, yeah. I don't know what his position is on this now, but I do, last time I spoke to him directly, he seemed personally offended by like not getting what he, the relationship he wanted from Trump. I think You know Kanye Kanye. I don't understand Kanye. Kanye Kanye goes where he's liked. There was a documentary Made About Me a few years ago and someone interviewed Kanye and he talked about how he met me in most Def and Ya Bay. And he said, nobody liked my beats. No one liked my rhymes. But I started working with these guys 'cause they like me.


When you see Kanye talk about his love for Trump, it's rooted in Obama dissing him. Yeah. These guys like me. You know when you see him wear the Red Hat, it's 'cause it's like the MAGA people, they're supporting me even when nobody else is. These people support me. I think in the era of likes and wanting to be liked, I think Kanye just wants to be liked. Damn understandable. That's right. Yeah. I I mean You know man, once you see him hug Trump in the Oval Office and say, you like a dad to me? He said, he said, I ain't never looked at him the same. You made me feel like a man. Ah, I really have not looked at him the same Sense. Yeah man, I, I got a lot of love for that guy. But he be saying wild stuff. How do you feel about the state of hip hop today?


For, for, for just, just from just cultural aspects. When you think of the Kanyes, when you think of the Diddys, like You know, like Russell Simmons, it's like these, these pillars of our, of our, of our culture and You know the disdains that are on their legacies now. What do you, what do you think about that? It's two, it's twofold. I don't think we could separate, I'm conflicted about this a little bit. I don't think we could separate, I don't think we should separate these people from hip hop. Hip hop is beautiful. It's ugly. Hip hop is good. It's bad. We have conscious activists in who are uplifting the community in hip hop. We have abusers and rapists in hip hop. We have all of it. So I think we do a disservice to ourself to be like, well that You know to to, to not talk about it in that way.


We have to hold each other accountable. We should in the hip hop community, we should hold these people accountable who are doing these things before it leaves our community. Before we see, have to see the mainstream media. Explain to us what a freak off is. You know what I'm saying? We should, this should already be issues handled in our community. With that said, I'm glad. I don't know what the freak off is. You sure You know? I couldn't explain it. I couldn't explain it if I tried. You see the baby oil behind That? Did you see the baby oil behind? Oh, y'all, y'all here. I saw Don brought y'all char. I saw that from Don. Yes, exactly. See? Yes. But I will say that in the conversation, And I alluded to this earlier, we have to also understand that the conversation about hip hop is not being had with people like me in mind with the conscious artists in mind.


And so yes, hip hop is all those things, but hip hop is also, is also very beautiful. I don't think hip hop should be held accountable for what Diddy is accused of. I agree. I don't think hip hop should be held accountable for what any of these people are accused of or doing. Or with Didi, even with Didi, like there's the accusations and then what we actually saw in the tape. So that's not an accusation. Like we saw him hit that girl like that and beat on that girl like that. And like we have to deal with that. But to me, that's not a hip hop thing that we, we can't blame hip hop for that. But as a hip hop community, we should circle the wagons and address It because it's gonna be impossible. Right. Like I think about what happened with the 50 years of hip hop when, or, or even now it's four, I think it's 40 years of Def Jam.


You can't tell the story of Def Jam without telling the story of Russell Simmons. But you gotta tell the but you gotta tell everything in totality when they do these bad boy docs in the future. Right. You're gonna have to Talk about it all Now where's that with Russell? I know they said he was served in Bali or something like that. I it is just the accusations. Its like yeah, it's just Accusations at this point. Yeah. But yeah, I mean You know we have to address it. Russell he's important. What's even deeper than Russell is somebody like a Baba, right? Africa Baba. There is no hip hop without him. But there, there have been several allegations and accusations as far as I know, he hasn't been arrested, he hasn't been to court. But you want to, you want to, you want to respect victims and you want to uplift their voices.


If I'm to believe these victims, this is something we have to be able to address. But to be honest about what these people are You know Caras one got in trouble on drink champs years ago because first of all, on Drink Champs, you get drunk and you would be saying wild shit. But he got trouble. 'cause You know he was there in the Bronx at that time. He was trying to, he was trying to say that he's not, he was trying to big up the legacy of Bamba and not ignore it. But I but people felt like he didn't do enough to support the victims. Got You. Got you, got you. So I think it's because Sorry to cut you off. No, please. Just as a, as a woman, I think the biggest part of that is there's always this like, should we believe, should we not believe, especially when it comes to power, celebrity money, Power dynamics is Exactly.


So I think it's always just, it's such a, a weird line of tote just because of that. It's like, so you don't blame hip hop. You can't separate the man from the music. Some people won't do that. Right. And that keeps the celebrity and the power in it. And then you ignore and you blame a Cassie and say, oh, she just wants money until you see her being dragged up, like up and down a, a hotel hallway. So I think that's where the, the tuggle with how do we deal with it as a community in hip hop, right? Like that's, that's for me where that line always comes. And it's hard to kind of figure out where you Hip hop though, or is it like, to, to your point, And I said, I just mean like us, like how he said we need to deal with certain things before hits mainstream and others. That's what I mean by that. Not just hip hop as a music genre, but like just us as black people.


So you Mean people who are aware of this behavior the whole time and never said anything about it. Yeah. I mean, if you are aware, I've, I've been around these people, And I haven't seen any of these type of things. But I'm sure there's people who've been around who have seen these type of things. You know women. The the stats tell us that women aren't often lying about these things when they're saying they're abused in this way. So You know, I I I definitely believe in innocent until proven guilty. Mm. But at the same time, we have to, we have to uplift and support victims. And we have to, to your point, understand when there's a power dynamic involved that it's somebody like Cassie You know there's a lot of criticism about how she went about doing it.


None of us were in her situation. It's very dangerous for her to come out and say these things. You know it's not just in terms of what people think someone like a Diddy is potentially capable of doing to her, but just in terms of how the society looks at her. That's right. Her mental health to be have. Yeah, it's a lot man. God bless Cassie. She's very brave and it's a shame that she went through that. It's a shame that it got to this point that we had to see this videotape for, for it to get, for her to get any semblance of justice. And, I don't even know if she feels like she got justice. It's also interesting 'cause I feel like when you do like call out something on culture that, Hey guys, this is something we should actually be paying attention to. Like this is a problem.


It kind of falls on deaf ears. Like, 'cause like how are you actually gonna get the message across? Like, I don't even know. It's almost kind of like seeing like police killings. Like you see it, it happens, you feel a way, but then you just keep like it's already normalized so much that I don't see a change. I wanna share a story to your point about a lesson I learned in that years ago, Rick Ross had a lyric on the song. Oh, you didn't even know it. Yeah. And people were upset about this lyric. Rightfully so. Me and me and Lupe Fiasco were arguing about it on, on Twitter. It caught Mark Lamont hill's attention. He invited me on his show.


He was on HuffPost Live at the time, and I was on with Rosa Clemente and Jamela Il and we got into an argument and their point, these were friends of mine, but their, their point was that what he's saying should not be tolerated in hip hop culture. And I was like, I agree with that, but I I don't think we sh I don't think we should separate what he was, what he's saying from hip hop culture. Like there are rape lyrics in hip hop culture before lot of, before Rick Ross. A way before Ross. Right. So I think we need to, before Ross to have context. And I was trying to make a nuanced point. And a a lot of people didn't agree with me.


You know, dream Hampton was somebody who I thought was a friend of mine came out against me and was like, Talib Quali is, is enabling rape culture. There was another lady, a Brittany, Brittany Cooper, she had the crunk feminist thing. Oh no. And she wrote an essay about how I am a poor example of, I'm not, I'm not an ally to women because I'm protecting Rick Ross. And then all the Rick Ross fans was mad at me because like, why are you calling out Rick Ross? So I was like caught in a, in a rock in a hard place how I felt about it. And I wrote a response to Brittany's thing about me 'cause I felt personally offended by it. And, I stand by everything I say in that response, except for one thing. One thing I did in my response to her was I talked about my activism, I talked about the work I've done my songs.


And do, you should, you should take it to context who I am. But I declared myself an ally to women. And I learned in real time that that's not my place to do. And so I dismantled my own argument. I by declaring myself an ally to women, it's not my place to do that. It's for women to tell me that I'm their ally. And that's something I had to learn. That was a blind spot that I had to, had to learn. So even though I felt like I was being treated unfair, you can be treated unfair. You can be right about something and still respond in a incorrect way. And I think that that's important too with hip hop artists because I feel like a lot of times when things happen, you really don't know where to lie because certain things have been normalized.


And also too, you wanna believe all women. But then sometimes we find out in through court cases that things aren't true. But I think it's important, like what you just said is like you allowed, you said You know what? I got that wrong. And then being able to set back and like learn for me as a woman, I've learned so much from my male friends about that. On my side of things, And I think if men, especially men in hip hop, were able to remove their ego, the chains, how big the chains are, how much they cost, and really listen to some of the women that are in their lives. Just your mom You know what I mean? That's respect. It's certain things that even if you, if even if it's just music, you can understand it. And, and sometimes I, I think there are certain things in music that we allow to just be music.


And it, I'm not here to argue whether that's right or wrong, but there are certain things that happen and I'm like, I hear certain men speak on it in hip hop and because of your ties to this person and what they meant to your life, the stuff that people are saying, I'm like, bro, you should just been quiet because You know What Lauren, I will say this. 'cause Lauren's absolutely right in everything that she's saying. I think that the things we thought was just music or the things we thought was just jokes did trigger somebody. 'cause somebody actually went through that. Right? So it's like, I think that's, that that was always the blind spot for I think all of us in the Culture. That's, that's interesting. 'cause You know you have, you have what you say on social media in public, and then you have your private group chats with your friends and family.


Yep. Sometimes. And that's how we raise this black people. You don't, Don's need a house. That's Right. And some and You know in these private group chats, you and your family members, y'all might share memes and say things that are off color that you wanna say in front of everybody. Just You know making jokes that You know is not appropriate for, for public. And so when the Diddy news broke You know I have a group chat with my whole crew and men and women from all different races of people and people start posting memes, baby old memes and stuff like that. And one person was like, this is not funny. We shouldn't be joking about this. And I had I, I had to have a con. And she checked, Oh, we joke about it in here all the time. She, she, She, she checks, she checks someone who made a joke in the, in the public group chat. Yeah. And so I, I went and spoke to her s separately and I'm like, maybe you should have hit that person on the side because now, now people don't, don't feel like they could express they self in a group chat.


And then she's like, I'm sorry. It's just that I have a friend who went through this and was in a situation at one of these parties. And I. Just, but, but she understood my point. And I understood her point. You know And I learned that too. I learned that watch, I learned that watching the the, the Dream Hampton doctor she did on r Kelly. When I, when the, when the victims were talking about how Chappelle's jokes and boondocks jokes and everybody's jokes had affected them. And I was like, yo, I never thought about that. 'cause in my mind we was clowning r Kelly. Right. You never thought about And some people need the jokes to get over it. Some people Or some just funny And some are just funny, Some are just funny. Like that's the other thing. I'm just funny. But the confidence is knowing. Right.


I wanted to ask you something about the album. Oh, what did I, that slipped my mind. What the hell slipped? Oh, you got a lot of new artists on this album. Yes. A lot of new artists. What, why was that intentional? Shout out to Jay Rolles. I've done more features than anybody maybe size Buster Rhymes. And so I'm kind of like tired of asking people for features. You know. 'cause you feel like you have the favor bank with people. You don't want to exhaust it. And, I and Ross, like, we should need we some features. And I said, okay Ross, I don't feel like calling up any more favors from these artists, but you tell me what your wishlist is and I'll make one phone call. And if they deliver within the next couple of months, I'm not chasing nobody for these features. I'll, I'll put the call out and God bless everybody on the album.


Every person on that wishlist is on this album. Oh wow. So that was Jay Rawles. I wanna, he's like, I wanna work with JT Rose. I had never heard of JAMA Rose. I wanna work with Coach Contra. I was familiar with Coach Contra. No Love the Coach Contra. I was like, yes. But I wasn't sure they were gonna get on the album. Even with the song I did with them. It's probably the most, the saunas gained the most traction for the album Swat. I sent them five beats before they picked a beat. They were very serious about like, You know Georgia, Ann Mulrow is someone, he, he said, I want Buckshot on the album. I was like, that's nothing. We could get buckshot on the album. So yeah, it's like shout to Jay Raw for making that decision. But it's definitely just like lyricists buckshot. My man Sky Zuzu is actually my cousin Ro cause yeah, everybody, his cousin man.


I'm actually on tour with Gazoo right now. I've been on tour with Gazoo all summer. Wow. Yeah. I was with Kazu two days Ago. You a lot What you that you tore a lot? I do. I'm leaving to Ireland tonight. Are you jet lag? You said, where'd you say that? You said jet lag is your perpetual state of being. That's, that's you jet lag right, right now. That's correct. Yes. I'm always jet lagged. It's like the Hulk and the Avengers movie. I'm always angry. I'm always angry. That's me. I'm always Jett lagged. But you said that earlier, you said artists don't make money off their art. So that's like, this is the way for you to make your money. Yeah. Touring is absolutely my, my most revenue stream. It's how I'm feed my family off of touring. I try to, as I get older, I wanna do it less. Trying to increase the revenue streams, trying to add more stuff out.


I wrote a book, I've been podcasting other, other things. But yeah, touring. Is it? What's up with the part with you and Dave? Y'all what the part with you and Dave, y'all Dave kind of does that. We recorded the summer pandemic. We recorded man something like 800 hours and stuff like, it's crazy. And Dave, I think he gets distracted with specials and getting awards and stuff like that. You know he has so much going on. There was a time for a year when all he cared about was that podcast and that's when you saw episodes come out. I think he's gonna get back that. He talks about it all the time, but we haven't got back to actually like chefing it up. But it's Midnight Miracles a great situation. Shout out to Yasim Bay and Dave Chappelle.


You got the song Native Sons on the album. Yes. What, what's that song represent for you? Man, that song means so much to me. That song means so much to me. The Native Tongues is my foundation. Jungle Brothers, tropical Quest, Dela Soul, Dela Soul Queen Latifah, Mony Love, black Sheep, bus Rhymes, leaders new SC Ali Beat Nuts. What they laid down. It's like, that's really my blueprint as an artist. And so that song, I'm trying to figure out how much I wanna share about this story, share it. But, but I, 'cause I was asked not to share certain aspects of it. Okay. But I, what I will say is that song started out in a darker place.


And because it's a tribute to the Native Tongues, I sent it to Q-tip and he was like, that's not the right energy. And Q-tip gave me suggestions on what I could do with that song. And I took his suggestions and because of that, the song is one of my biggest songs. Recently we went on Jimmy Fallon with the song. I got a remix coming with some special guests that people are gonna really love. I hope it's the Native Tongues. Some of them are okay. Yeah, some of them are And I. Just gotta thank q-tip because I sit, the last bar on that song was a tribe called Quest in the Hall of Fame. Because when I wrote that song, I was like, this song gonna come out at around the time that Tropical Quest is in the Hall of Fame, And I went to see Tropical Quest get abducted in the Hall of Fame.


It was one of my greatest memories of my whole life. And then I DJ'ed the after party Cooling the Gang after party, me and Jay Rawles DJ the party. I didn't even know Rawles was gonna be there. So it was like synchronicity and cool in the Gang was there. Chuck D and Flava Flav, Mary j bbl Common Jennifer You know de Las Soul Q-Tip didn't perform at the, at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame because I, I imagine it's hard for him to perform without Fife the rest piece to Fife. But at the after party, he jumped on the mic at did Bonita Apple Bum and Mary j Blige did. The Black is Black. And it's like for me to be in that room with DJ Red Alert downstairs, DJ in the cool in the gang, in the next room.


I mean, it's like this is my whole life in one room. And man, big up the Native Tongues and a lot of new music. A lot of new artists are finding it hard to, to inspire the people. 'cause the music is being made like an assembling line. It's more disposable these days. But what a tribe called Quest and De la Soul with Jungle Brothers and all these people, queen Latifah and all these people only love represent is timeless and priceless. And man, I I just had such a great time this weekend. What did it mean for you to see Tribe Called Quest get inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? It's, it's, it means that I'm, we're doing the right thing.


It means that, it means that when, when I had, when we had the confidence in knowing back then when hip hop wasn't this global thing that we were right. You know and I feel so good for the family of Fife and q-tip is, if you watch that documentary, that rap report did about Tribe Quest, Pharrell in that documentary says we're all they sons. And musically I believe that Tali Ali, y'all, the confidence in knowing New Album with Jay Rawles is out right now.


Thank you for coming, my brother. Yes. Shout out to this wonderful energy. I really like this interview. Y'all did a fantastic job. Thank you sir. Y'all and y'all talk about important things and I'm glad I got to come up here and thank y'all. Absolutely. Thank you. It's Ty Ali's The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


piece to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And I. Want to want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay. Your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See APP for details.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.