
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yeah, it's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne. The God DJ Envy, just hilarious envy had to bounce. But Lauren LaRosa is in and we got a special guest in the building, man. He's got a New Podcast called the Rock Solid Podcast on the drink Champs Black Effect Podcast network. Know what I'm saying? Memphis bleak as hell. You know What I'm saying? Blizz. Who in the building? What's up ladies? What's up? See, that's my guy right here. I never met Y ladies before. That's You Met Justin Lauren? No, you know I just met her on ig. Oh, you know what Emini here? I seen I seen you show some love. I show love back. You know what Emini here Man. Listen. Your ass don't age when I say you look good. Aw, thank you. Look good when I was younger. You look good now.


That's dope. Aw, thank you. I'm trying to win. I'm trying. You hear that wife? You better watch out. Watch girl. I Know you're getting into this personality blogger space now you might age. It's Stressful. I know, right? Stress. I'm not, I'm not trying to get into the controversy of the blogger space. Okay. I'm trying to bring some jokes. I want to be like, I feel like my podcast, I want to be like the sitcom. When we was younger, you know, you had your smack DVDs, your your, your Wild moments, but then you could go in the crib and watch some Martin. You go in the crib and watch some Fresh Prince and you know, get back to your sense of humor. I feel like that's what my space I want to be just enjoying And I don't want no click bait. It's interesting though, most people who actually have gotten active in the street don't want problems.


No, no, no. I'm I I love, I love this life. I live, I don't gotta watch my back. I don't need no strap. I don I'm good. I love It because I, I even seen people say things about you on social media and bleak. You just, you just laugh it off. Yeah. Hell yeah. That's because it's like I'm from the era, you know, in the hood they like the more anger you show, the more laughter comes to follow. So I really learned that young is like, you don't show, you can't show people that they even penetrate the, the, the armor you wear anything. So I'm gonna always laugh it off even though I might be pissed, but you'll never see that You, you know, most people start a podcast, I guess to build some credibility. You already got credibility. So what do you want to say on the podcast that you haven't said on records or in interview?


I feel like people don't know my personality. Like, you know, back in that day you could be whatever you wanted. 'cause all they know was a source magazine picture. They see you on BET or MTV, your video by your album. And that's all they knew of you. They like now on Instagram, people get to see your everyday life. So if you are a cornball, you are a cornball for real. Yeah. So it's like now on the podcast, what I wanna let people know is the personality and just some of the stories behind the things that we done that you might have been questioning. How did that happen? Why did this happen? Why wasn't bleak involved in this? Or why wasn't beings or this person involved? So we here to answer those questions. You know, you know you, you've been in rooms with some of the biggest names in music, right?


But on rock solid. Are there stories you finally feel comfortable telling now that you couldn't back then? No. I don't think I ever played that role in the game. Like I never, we never came in the game as a crew with images to upheld. We always were just who we were believed in Integrity was going to take you as far as you needed to go. So it was never no rap image I portrayed or something. But it's just things I can't talk about now. 'cause the big homie married, we married so, so You know those, those hard knock life talk. Oh my god, I can't, you know, I got a PG And I can't x-ray it like, so Yo, have you ever, have you and your wife ever watched backstage together?


No. I could never watch that one. No way. I have to tell that wasn't me. The guy she know today. That's not him on back. Yo, There's no part in Backstage where one of y'all, I think it's you or Whole, you'd be like, I done fucked half, I done fucked all the Texas or something And I done fucked half the country or something. Flipped It and reversed it. Yeah. Yeah. I was on some shit. We was battling and not records neither. We had verses For real. So any upcoming guests that you all any any? Is it out yet? Oh yeah. We just dropped the first episode with Ja Rule yesterday. Okay. Okay. So that, that did really good. A lot of people didn't know me and Ja had that relationship. So that's the things like I want people to understand like behind the scenes, behind the music, we real regular people.


Like my first friend in the music business was Ja Rule. Oh wow. Like, you know, people from the outside would think it was Beans or Freeway or somebody from Rockefeller. The first person I met hanging out, riding around with was Ja. Like, people don't know even Nick Canon, Nick Cannon used to be in Mossy with us. Like, hey, get The fuck out. Gone. Did y'all never help him write? Yeah. Why you laughing? It's crazy. You say That it Hard because my friend, this kid from my project's named Clap Rest in Peace, he actually used to write for Nick. Like we all was managed by the same, I think he want That credit Don Producer. He don't Want that credit Emini here, same manager, you know Behi j cousin was managed all three of us. Nick, me and K Clap.


You know what I'm so he used to spit rap. See How he used to manage Nick Cannon? Yeah. He never told me that. Yeah. Cannon must not have been a priority. Nah, He was, he was, he was always talking about going into showbiz back then too. Yeah. Like, like music was never his thing. So to see where he took it and what he do, it's like, it's dope. You lit. Like I just seen him at the Super Bowl February, you know, and I'm like, I need to get on that show. Hmm. Y'all did freestyling battling this and that's, that's my, that's my area. Mm. So you know, I'm gonna go do that. He definitely gotta pull up to the podcast. So What was Nick doing? And Marcy Just chilling. No. And fake though. I don't if y'all know that. Yeah, Just regular stuff. Like, you know, he is a regular dude this before the fame, before any of this.


Oh okay. The kids and all of that crazy crap. Yeah. This was just regular Nick on the block hanging out. He just wanted to be in the hood. Like a lot of people that met us back then was on some Yo you from Marcy. I want to go. 'cause you couldn't go to Marcy back in the day. Yeah. If you didn't know somebody or go with somebody certified wasn't no walking through Marcy. So a lot of people, they want to experience it now. Well Y'all made it sound fun. Y'all did make Marcy sound like Cancun a little bit. A little bit. You know, a little bit for us it was because we, we the guys, but anybody couldn't do that. So your man used to ghost, right? For Nick Cannon? Yeah. Yeah, man. So He'd get royalties off Gigolo. Like what were what record was it? I I Don't know. I don If it was those records, but it was like his demos to help him get a deal.


Like when he first was rapping, first doing his thing, like Yeah, Nick was, was in the studio with us and all of that. Man, man you thought he was nice? I always thought he was talented. I Ain't say that. I said you thought he was as nice as a rapper. Yo. I always thought he was Talented. Yo. Yo. Damn It been a couple times. You give the guys your dang nick. Yo, you got a classic when my band Emini here. Like, Nah, that ain't, I think that's the fear of every artist. Like, yo they going rock with me. Or somebody gonna be like, dang, Nick Emini here. Especially being around y'all though, like that's a different Oh, it, it was. Y'all are very different rappers than a kin. No, but it was, it was rough like growing up.


Like just even being in the Rockefeller camp Baseline studios, remember we only had two rooms with 14 artists. So it's like you couldn't be in there playing with bars. You had to get out. If you was laying something that wasn't rocking, they, it's time to go. We got six people waiting for that space. Yeah. So Seu Nick though, we, we got love. Yeah, Definitely Not his rap, but we got Love You. You speak about baseline. You were the first artist to be called the head to Jay-Z's throne. Like Jay called you the head to the throne. What's something you learned about pressure and expectation that took, that took some time for you to understand? It's not reality.


Like people will put limits and expectations on you that you don't have for yourself. Or even see, like when Jay said that, I was like, I'm the new and prove what since when who told you? They ain't tell me that. So it was like, oh word. So it's like, you know, you gotta do your thing and, and write and try to better yourself. Learn the game. Learn perfect euro. But the, the dominoes don't always fall the way you hope. You know what I'm saying? Of course. I wanted to be the biggest one to be this, but unfortunately I grew up with the sun and it's like he, any fire I put out, he burnt out. So it was nothing I could do. I just accept my spot. But he was capping Or he might have saw something in you that you didn't see in yourself.


That's what I, he definitely did it to this day. Like, you know, Jay pushed me to do I send him music? It's so weird 'cause I got a new project coming out right on the 20th called Apartment 3D. It's probably like my third album I recorded since my last studio album. The first two he done shut down. So when I started sending him records from this one and he like, this is it, you doing your thing? I'm like, what changed? I, I I I'm still trying to figure out what changed. 'cause now it's like you rocking with all the joints. What happened? I think, you know, it's just where you at in your life and what you're talking about. So you was apartment 3D and they were apartment Fossi. Fossi. And see that's what I like.


People always know you from the music with Jay. Right? They like, oh, that's Jay's protege. But yo y'all grew up together in the, in the trenches. But that's the thing, we, we grew up to not together. People think that like, they gotta remember Jay is like the big brother, like the uncle. Like I was the kid, like one of his nephews on the block. He didn't hang with me. He came and got me like seen me doing reckless stuff. He would, you know, put me on the right track, correct me, gimme game. But it wasn't no hanging out. It was like, all right, I see you. That's Jay. What up fam, I see you. So the day when I seen him with Clark Kent rest in peace, it was like, man, he always pulling up with the illest cards. The baddest joints. Man I gotta get on this boat. I gotta find out how to be a passenger on that boat.


So I just shot my shot and it worked. What, what was something he taught you during that era that, that fans wouldn't know that we might hear on the, on the Rock solid podcast? Man, everything you see, man, just the life I live, the man I am. Like Jay taught me. I learned everything from him. Bigs dang. My manager behi, I could say it was a collective thing. 'cause without them who knows where I'll be in life right now. But one of the main things I learned from Jay is stay on top of your business, man. Don't like you got managers, lawyers, all of that. But nobody know what you want but you and what you going to get with, with you. So yeah, stay on top of your business.


That's why I just had a talk with him this morning because, you know, with the Rock solid podcast we had the, the Rock logo on the podcast. But of course, you know, people wait till the last day to try to get you to handle business. So I'm like, yo, I can't put that pressure on Jay right now. He on tour with his wife. He doing, you know, I don't wanna be talking business. So, but I did send a message. So we talked about it today and he like, yo bro, I don't just be ing my, my logo and my likeness out to anybody. And I'm like, I've been in this game forever. What makes you think I don't own, I own my show. Like this ain't going to nobody else. And you like, ah, I'm like, I learned from the best. Right? Nobody owns anything you do.


And I, why would I give away anything I do? Right? Yeah. So it was just, Do you think as a, as an artist, right? Because I know you said you learned a lot from Jay business wise, right? Do you think as an artist, if you would've signed to somebody else, you would've been a bigger artist? Nah, I'd probably be, I probably wouldn't be here because you know, you get your one and done your two albums you done. That's what made me, it's so weird. All right. That's what made me sign with Jay. I remember my manager Behi, he ain't gonna like that. I'm telling this story. We had an offer from Capital Records, right? They wanted to give me three 50 with a $75,000 signing bonus. And I was like, nah, they didn't want it. And he like, yo, you know what $75,000 could do for you? It'll change everything in your household.


Like these was Marcy struggling days. And I'm like, I feel you. But that $75,000 come from somebody. I don't know. So the day my train slipped, they not going to invest back in the train to get me back on track. Mm. So I'd rather roll with Hove and this before Jay, it was no Rockefeller. He was still, this was reasonable do on Priority Jay. And he was like, yo, but what if, you know, Rockefeller is a dream of Jay. What if it never manifests? And I'm like, then it'll never be no bleak. I, I'm cool with that, you know, but I, my dice is with somebody that I know rather than roll on somebody. I don't. Was This after Reasonable Doubt or this Was during Reasonable Doubt because Reasonable Doubt came out on priority.


Yep. A lot of people think it came out on Def Jam, but, but it didn't. I was Literally gonna say, people talk so much about your loyalty and that story speaks to it, right? How has your loyalty had to change as y'all grew? 'cause you've known him for, so you've known Jay-Z for so long. Like it's been, It is So long at this point. Excuse me. It is weird seeing what people, what I always saw in him. 'cause to me he was always larger than life. Some kids grow up looking at sports players, movie stars. My next door neighbor was my inspiration. I go outside, he has the cars. Nobody had, I look at his neck, he wearing jewelry. No one in the projects can afford, you know, he's flying, traveling places.


Remember Jay got a picture in London and the BMW, it's like 1993. It was like 92. Like nobody wasn't traveling like that back then. So he was my inspiration to get money. So to watch The World see him as the billionaire, he always been that to me. So I don't think anything changed. 'cause the day I decided to be like, yo, I want to get money. I knew I want to get money like them, him Ty, Ty and all. Oh my God. It's funny. It's funny. Even, you know, not, not the Lawrence question. So o kind of, but you know, you see people online say things like bleak too loyal to Jay. Like how is there such thing as being too loyal to somebody?


I, I don't know. Especially If it's reciprocated. Yeah. Like how can you be too? I don't know no other way. Right. I don't know no other person. Like what I'm supposed to do, what they wanted me to do. I don't know who I was gonna get a deal with. What artist I'm gonna go sign with another artist and be like, yo, I'm this crew now. That done never happen. So it's just like when Rockefeller died, that's why I didn't chased music. 'cause it's like what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna be g Nick, I'm gonna go be this guy over here. I'm never, if it ain't Rockefeller, it ain't nothing. You know, it's funny. Right. You are one of the few artists from that era who seems like you never chased clout when things slowed down. Oh no. Was that a conscious decision or just your character? We always been lit.


Like since a kid, we always been lit. Like, you know, like growing up man in Brooklyn. Brooklyn was, you gotta remember Brooklyn is as big as the city. We bigger than actually bigger than Manhattan. If you think as a borough, so in Brooklyn, once you was known in the Star Crown Heights, Coney Island, man, you ain't, you didn't need nothing else. Like, so this industry fame, a lot of these people I feel like become who they always wanted to be with rap fame. I've been who I was. Right? And just got rap fame, you know what I'm saying? Like I didn't have to portray any type of, that's what Emini here that we didn't portray.


This guy has always been me. Like anybody that know me know yo Oblique been the same guy since day one. Where you could look at a lot of these rappers and you could see man, he acted once the act stopped, the career stops. And that's how, so for me, I ain't chasing no clout. Cloud is fake. It, it don't really isn't made up. It don't mean anything. What was your first thoughts, like when things were, were dissembling, right? Like what's your first thought go-to wise, like career wise? Like what do you, 'cause now you, y'all there, y'all established people know y'all, you've been who you've been. Oh, I had no clue. I had no clue. That's why I give all my, my wife all the credit because she really put the pieces together, helped me see the vision again. Because to me it was over.


Mm. I didn't know what to do, what direction to go. And when I met her, she was just like, you tripping. Mm. This is what we need to do. Boom, boom, boom, boom. And we put it together. Here we are. Mm. And that's interesting because it's not like you didn't have people. Yeah, No. And I had peoples, but it's still like when you do something and that's all, you know, like remember I never had a job, like never had to fill out a resume. I, I, I got a deal. I was 15 years old. Like I never had to work, ever. My work was rap. So when it was over, it was like what I'm gonna do? I don't do construction, I don't sweep. I never swept like, yeah. So it was like what I'm gonna do?


And then my wife was like, you bugging your homie own 90 businesses. Go figure out a way in one. And that's how Deuce came apart. It is like, okay, I'm the liquor man now I sell drugs again. Listen, I want to ask you, like, if, if you could go back to one session from the Early Rock days, not to change it, but just to relive it. What, what would it be and why? See, I'm gonna tell you another story. People don't know on the clue tape. I remember it was Jay-Z and Source Money my first time, me included. They invited us to the studio Jay and Source Money. They murdered a verse. Now mind you, I'm 15 years old sitting there like, and y'all want me to rhyme after these two guys?


I don't think it's gonna happen. Include like, yo, go ahead. So Jay like, yo, you gonna give up a opportunity? You gotta shot right now. You better write. So, and I'm looking at him like, I ain't got it after what y'all said. I don't think there's nothing I could say. So I missed that opportunity. And when that tape came out, it was like one of the biggest freestyles in Marcia. Everybody playing it going crazy through Brooklyn. And I'm like, I was right there. I could have been a part of it. So if anything would be that. And on the JR Kelly album, best of both worlds, if you listen to it, he was like, if one of the songs, I think it was somebody Girl is at this party song. If you listen to the beginning, he say my name M extra money, let's go.


And I never wrote my verse. Why? Why? Hey little scared ass man. No, no, No, no. See we had a thing in Rockefeller, it wasn't scared. All it was called bullshitting with balls. When you think you too lit, you out here doing too much that you ain't got time for the balls. Mm. It wasn't this clue Tape was shook this. The r Kelly was, I was lit, I'm outside the thighs on me. I'm lit. I ain't got time to be in the studio. That's how I got Clipp over Valium one, two by thinking I was too lit. Whoa. And they left me, went on a tour with Bad Boy Biggie and them, I missed it. Missed the whole tour. What? What? In my lifetime. Volume one. What you was doing though? I was, I was lit in Brooklyn. I had, I just bought a truck from Ska, I got TVs 20 sixes on it.


I'm 16 years old. I'm at every high school in Brooklyn blasting music. That's what I'm doing. I thought I made it. I didn't know it was the rest of this. I just thought being known to all I'm lit, this is It. And then got left off bad B Jay Z, he had The word and that's the time Jay came to the crib and gave me a tour. I spoke about this on Drink Champ. So he was like, yo dog, I'm rich. I'm trying to make you like put your family on. Like I don't need you, you need me. And that was the last time I missed anything. Got You. Damn. Yeah man. Go Ahead Lauren. I was, oh I was gonna ask you 'cause I watched Drink Champs And I saw that. But you also have crazy amounts of Jay-Z features.


It's like 24, 25 of them. How many? Yeah, I I think we got about 30. 30? Yeah. Okay. So in the cumulation of all those 30 your go-to, what's your favorite one of them? Hypnotic. Hypnotic. 'cause I could say the way that song came about, Jay wasn't supposed to be a part of it. He thugged his way on that one. Like, you know, beings, beings was the one who came up with the whole concept. We were supposed to do the Beans and Bleak album in Miami, but we was bullshiting with Barge, like I said, going to the club. So I come to the studio guru and beings in there, the studio dark, these niggas got incense playing. They blasting all types of shit. And I hear this song And I'm like, what the hell is the beings like, yo, I just caught this vibe and I'm making this record.


And I'm like, he like, yo, you should put a verse on it. I'm like, all right. And then we get back home, we playing the joint for Jay in the office. He like, where my verse go, yo, go extend that beat. And then the record came out and nobody, and then we ain't know what album to put it on 'cause nobody album was coming out at that time. So that's how it ended up on my album. So I could say that's one of my favorite go-to records 'cause it's the least expected record from all three of us. Like somewhere we, Elaine, none of us ever touched before. We gonna get a a Jay-Z bleak sit down on the podcast. People Saw I want to, but not right now because Jay, he y'all don't like, what people don't understand is no matter how old I get, Jay ain't going to let me be the businessman sitting there.


Like I could really conduct a conversation with him like yo. So you know, when we did, it's never like this will be the hardest interview to do. Like, because he's going to diss me the whole interview. Yeah you, You gotta prepare for that. It's like do I want people to know he talked to me this way. Do we say certain things? Do we talk to each other? Like he might not even want people to know how I talk to him all the time. Like you know like even with the Ja Rule, Jay funny 'cause the Ja Rule interview come out. He hit me. Yo, that wasn't me. Who said no? Who was it? Did you ever find out who Was it? Nah man, I think, I don't know man.


You know, I don't think nobody said no. I think it was just two camps moving too fast. Mm. Like like I told Ja, Ja blew up his astronomically man. When we, before we talked about doing an album together, we were both nobodies, we were both features on the Jay-Z tour. I was there, my first concert ever was the Hard Knock Life tour. That was 2000 in Charleston, South Carolina. Yep. We come bought you and Ja he bought you and Ja just the freestyle. Yep. No beans and Ja beans in Ja. Yep. Yeah. And then I came out on this tour, right. That's what the single I had out at the time. But after that tours like Ja was 4 million sold everything he dropped.


I seen him in the mall a hundred Crips and Bloods with him like oh he ain't the same or my guy he on he out there man. So that's what I think it was man. Two crews, that two superstars man. No time. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It ain't like it was malice involved. It's just we getting to this money. I'm glad that you got a podcast though. 'cause I feel like there's a core of Rockefeller or that crew that gets talked about but they don't ever respond like Jay gets talked about all the time. Yeah, you get talked about all the time. Emery gets talked about time and it's a whole gang of y'all old friends and stuff that's always talking about y'all. But we don't ever hear the other side Because it is too much to cover.


It's too much. Like I go, Yo, I go on Twitter, ROC Nation is blank for everything. Everything. We the reason why people in jail, we the reason Why you used get guns. Like, I don't know why did Roc, since when Roc Nation have all this influence, we could influence people in other countries to lock people up when they land. Like if we had that much power, they need to clear some of this red tape for me and my Gs. 'cause I gotta do still on parole. Why? Why can't get them off then? Yeah, if we can put you in why can't get somebody off? No y'all def Roc Nation has definitely become the evil empire for some Reason. Yo crazy. It's crazy. I don't know why but you know it's the thing in our community, when you make so much money, it gotta be some type of evilness to it.


Yeah. But my thing is why didn't I get the evil spell or potion day? They Just left me out the whip Out the, when they went and did the ritual. I just wasn't invited. You was lit. You said you was lit. Brooklyn, you got No, that's True though because it like did it ever bother you that it was like you had the head to the throne then it was like, it's like that narrative got passed the Kanye then Cole, it's like they skipped over bleak and went, went straight to the next chapter. Yeah, I I love it though man. When it came down to Kanye West, man if you lit even though Kanye documentary, I told them Yo dog you nice. You gonna be one of those guys. But as you could see man, this fame, it's like the illest drug man.


It really is man. Some people get this high and they can never come down. They're gonna chase it for the rest of their lives and it's sad to see man. But Kanye is a, a musical genius. The the person he is today, I don't get into that. I leave that. That's him. He gonna have to find some healing with that. You know what Emini here Are, are you somewhat, sometimes when you look at Kanye what he's going through happy that your career is where it's at, where you have a little bit more solitude and peace versus him. I'm never happy to see one of my friends going through anything, you know? So it never makes me happy or compare myself to them. It's just I don't wanna see it, you know? Yeah. I turn it off. I try, I hear about it more than I see it because I can't watch my friends spiral outta control. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like it's just whack to me.


Another thing that they was was going around, Dame started it. He said you don't write your own rhyme. He said Jay used to write for you. And then, And I heard Beanie say that too on I wanna know why I never went triple platinum then why I ain't follow up them J Cells. Yeah. If Jay wrote these records, why the, why the publisher checks come to me. I should have as caps send these people my record breakdown. They could see that 475 records in all the splits. And I understand like on title it actually shows credit. If somebody, if I wrote something for somebody, even if you my man nah dog, I need my pc. Mm. Jay wrote coming to age one, coming age two. I had no input at all on those records.


When I showed up, it was a piece of paper, remember this, do your thing. It's like okay cool. You go through them records, you're not gonna see my name. You go through any other record that I'm Malik Cox is on, the real mc is involved. So I don't know where that narrative came from. Being is the main one that got me like fam you doing that much drugs, you don't remember being in the studio with me? Are you set you bugging? Like Dane was never in the studio with us so he wouldn't have a clue. Deans come on, you was in the studio with us every single day. We spent about 20 years in baseline and Jay wrote my rhymes.


But you never saw it as come on. Yeah, I saw a ghost once too then. So when he, but but when he, you say he wrote coming to age one and two. Yeah. Okay. So did you ever want him to write for you? I right now gimme a verse right now. Put me back on baby. Let's get lit. Kidding me man. Like when you, when you want somebody to do something for you or ask for that you're giving away. It's the same thing as giving away your money. Like your publishing. That's the only way we really made money. A lot of us rappers never recouped the budgets we spent on these albums. So your publishing is the only way you make money And Ja taught me about publishing. So if Jay wrote my rhymes, like I said, I wouldn't be receiving no publishing checks.


It don't make no sense. The rhymes he write, I get paid for how Well when things like this happen, right? Because like Charlamagne said people, oh, Just gotta go, go ahead. Oh I do real quick before I know. Are you gonna have beans on as a guest? Hell, I know y'all got hell got crazy ass stories. Hell yeah. I need to have beans up there 'cause we gotta get a, we gotta get this settled and then talk about, you know, the life we live. It's like So you haven't even spoken since he said that? Nah. Okay. That's exactly where I was going at all. That was my question because Love you yo. Love you too. Good luck on the, you know what, Emini here, the audition make it happen on the audition. You know, And I guess that's the thing I love, man. Like, we always hear about these studio moments, but like, what's a non-music moment with, with anybody from Rockefeller that really just sticks with you through the years, Man.


Like, you know what? One thing that always bugged me out, Busta Rhymes. I love Busta Spliff stardom, my bros, I love him. But I remember one time, I think it was Jay called Bus to the studio to do a song with him. And Busta showed up to baseline with a bulletproof vests on. It blew my mind. Like Who? Busta around? Yeah. Like Busta got beat. I guess people trying to kill Busta Rhymes. We gotta go get them man. Y'all bugger. This is a New York staple. Yeah. And they, and that really had me like, I find out what Busta into what the hell he walk around with a vest for. You know, just one of those moments I'll never forget and now I ain't gonna put nobody on the bus. You know, a lot of people marry, so I ain't gonna say, yo, I saw this guy with this girl.


I could, but yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I wanna know, we wanna know, Do you, did, did, did you, did you ever feel like behind the scenes, well I say this at, at at any, at any one point, did you feel like Jay was drifting too far from the crew? And, and if so, how do you even address that when he's not just, you know, your big homie but also like the, the boss I knew he had to, for Jay to be where he at, he couldn't be around us every day. We couldn't be, I'm a liability. Like you know me now being married, being a businessman, of course things has changed, but the reckless, bleak, you couldn't be around us. Anything could happen and then it spills right back to you.


So once Jay started doing these billionaire deals, basketball teams, moving teams from here to Brooklyn, you automatically knew the distance was warranted. It's not that he don't rock with you or don't rock with us. Say, Hey dog, I'm over here getting to these millions. Y'all still in the club popping bottles. I don't need that. Look.


How Did you at and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fm, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot new super. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota Let's go places.


Do you understand something like that though? But like a beanie didn't like I don know. Did y'all tell, I tried to tell these guys. That's the thing, if you really sit down, see a lot of people when they, when these cameras cut on, they got a image they got gotta, you know, they gotta keep it up. I'm this guy, I can't let nobody, but if they really, really sit down and have a real, real conversation with the reality pills on the table, not the other drugs, the reality pills, they'll tell you, I told these guys this was coming because I used to get the word from big homie, yo niggas don't ship up. They don't act. They don't act right. We going to do this. We going. And I used to be telling these guys, yo, it's only a matter of time before it's over. We gotta get this right. And they used to look at me like, and whatever, like I remember a time, right?


Beans had his clothing line, state property, we used to get clothes boxes of state property. So I look in state property and say manufactured by Rockaway. So I'm telling him as a brother, yo bro, check your contracts and all that. Make sure everything right. Like, 'cause I see it's manufactured by Rockaway. I don't think Rockaway was making their own clothes. So how they making your clothes right like this as a business man, this was like, didn't seem right. And this was at the time when he was saying, yo, I'm going to jail. I'm gonna sign Freeway and the young guns, the Rockefeller, when I come home they gonna give him back the state property. And I'm just sitting there like, oh you think business work like this? So I'm trying to tell him these things like he looked at me, this is when I knew me And Beans wasn't, it wasn't, the relationship wasn't the same.


'cause he was like, yo, it sound like you hating on me fam. And I'm like, what you mean? He like, yo, if Jay, your man, like you say why you ain't got no record label? Mm. Why you ain't got no clothing line? Dang my man, he taking care of me all this. And I'm like, I feel you. But you know why I don't have those things? 'cause my bro would never exploit my ideas for him to make a bag. Damn. That's what you need to realize. They're taking your ideas. And then when he came home from jail, what he said, damn, only we 2 million should have listened to. But like I said, Jay not my man though. So What was getting to the bottom of the manufacturing?


What, what ended up being behind that? What was the story? I I, that was his business. I never got into it. It just was a red flag to me. Like if I'm gonna do a deal with you and you gonna make my clothes, I need to know who the manufacturer is. It's just like I did a deal with Drink Champs. Right? I know Drink Champs. Y'all, y'all had to deal with somebody. Y'all starting y'all network. I need to know who the plug is. Black effects. Like I can't just be, we need to know what's going on here. You know what I'm saying? Right. Like I can't just rely on you when you relying on somebody else. I need to know all the moving parts. And that's as any businessman should you want to know the moving parts. You don't just want to receive the checks. 'cause one day they gonna stop. Then you don't know how to pick 'em back up.


It's insane. That's real. You know I named, I, we we, I named The Black Effect 'cause the Jay-Z song Black Effect. Wow. That's, And I, I reached out to him to get the blessing. Wow. To call it black effect. That's crazy. And and the logo was was Emery's guide that designed it. I said y'all want something like the Paper Plains logo and Emery's? That's dope man. Plug me in with, with his People. Yo God bless. 'cause when I found out, I remember I've been hearing it forever. And when they say, yo, Charlemagne hold black, I'm like, yo, he is destroying the game. Yo God is good. That's right bro. That's all you could do man is pray and keep killing. That's it man. They only get one shot at this thing. Lot of these guys think it's all about the glitz, man. You could keep the glam and the glitz.


Gimme the check. Mm. Like I tell people credit don't spend money due. I don't want the credit. How do you, how do you define success now? And is it different from 15-year-old how he would've defined it? Yeah. 15-year-old me was the Porsche on the wall, Staman house, you know what I'm saying? Rich girl like Oprah just letting me be staman out here that, that that was me as a kid, you know? Yeah. But me now success to me is what I have love in the household. Healthy family. Your health's all. You could be, you know, you be thankful for the things you have and the things you don't is like, don't matter no more. Like my goals now are to leave a legacy for my children.


Like before it was, y'all gotta go to the tunnel in the Bentley now it's, nah, I gotta make sure my daughter don't ever ever turn her head When the horn honk, when somebody honk the horn, she'll ever, Not even off instinct. No. Better be watching traffic. That's it. When was it, what was it that, that moment for you where that bleak entered The World? I think it was right before I got married, man. Because it was at a time when, you know, like he said, I was the, I don't know how it happened, but I became like the brunt of Rockefeller. Like out of nowhere I'm the wackest rapper or Rockefeller like oh word.


So the, so the three go albums in one platinum didn't matter. Like okay, I take it I'm the wackest one. So it was like at a time when you feel like you, you just all alone man. And it's like you have nothing. All you have is family. Like money don't buy happiness, money buy you things that make people envious more of you. So if you think about it, money is the root of all evil. But I feel like love is is is all you need man. If you got the right people around you with no, no inten, no negative intentions. Everybody just pulling the same strings and want to see everybody do good. That's the success right there. I I, no, I don't think there was ever a conversation that bleak is whacked.


It was just that Jay set the bar too high. High. Yeah. When j when he says just the new improved Jay-Z. Everybody waiting for that. Yeah. So you don't appreciate bleak for what bleak is. I think that, but I'm better than Hove. He know that he don't want battle. Yo, I tried to battle source one time. I thought I was better than source. Like source money, don't want no smoke. This my hood. I'm the new young sheriff in town. I seen him come, we was in the project, seen him coming through yo source. What up? It's battle. That's when he spit that line to me. Man. Niggas is chin niggas think they Chinese the way they duck sauce. Damn was like, that's it, I'm done. You got it. I don't want no more smoke. Damn. What about, I know you were signing artists at one point too.


Oh yeah, I'm done. Are you done with that? I'm done. Artists guys. Cash Was the last one that you had, right? Yeah. Cash. Shout out cash free cash man. But I'm done. I'm Too, right? Yeah. Manies artists don't listen like you. All I could do is tell them And I feel like me getting out the game and trying to be behind the scenes and tell a artist, they more looked at it as, man, I'm more lifting than you. What you talking about? You don't know nothing. If you knew all this, you would be lit. And it's like, fab, I'm not rapping because I chose not to. My last album went gold. Don't forget they didn't exit me out the game off a 50,000 pack. Right. I left with a gold record, which is cool. I take that and they just, I just felt like the artist just thought, man, you don't really know what's up man.


Let me holler at Jay. And it's like, you're never gonna get that. He's never, so, you know, and they, they want it too much too fast. Like they don't understand. It takes time. You have to work, work and work more. I watched a interview with Casts Nova where he talked about you actually took him to the office. I sit down, I think it was with Tata to tell him to kind of relax. Yes. And chill out. And it still didn't work. That was Here. Oh, that was here, okay. Yeah. Yep. That's when Cas, you know, it came a time when Cas was, you know, the scrub to employee and he wanted direct access to the nation. And me, I'm not a gatekeeper, I'm never gonna hold nobody from they goals, they dreams or whatever. If you believe the grass is green over there, I'm gonna put you over there.


But then when we get to that Roc Nation brunch and you ain't got them tickets, you know why you over there now feel they only got one in the pack if you was over here. I got that four pack It. Don't ever get on your nerves though that people kind of underestimate your contributions to like music and you're so humble with it. But It it, it is what can I do? I can't argue against the masses. I'm one small voice. So it's like how mad can I real, I could be mad internally, but no one cares. They don't care man. Like people love turmoil. They want to see you do bad or see you angry or see you upset. And it's like to see a smile on your face, it hurts the hater's heart. It hurt him bad. They don't want to see you smile.


You said something earlier that let me know. You really a real friend though because even if you and your homie ain't talking, you know that's your man. Yes. You ain't gotta talk to him for a couple of months or whatever, even a year. But you know that's your man. Even you see what they're doing. That's my guy. That's a I know a we see each other. It's gonna pick up right where it left Off. That's a fact. That's why I tell people, man, if you and somebody got a real genuine relationship, not based off some type of business, intriguing or or whatever y'all doing, it is just genuine friendship. It can never die unless somebody break the bond. Like I even say it in one of my songs, man. I'm a, I say I'm a friend for life. Once you link with me, I'm a friend for life. Once you link with me, we tight until you break the bond. Then it's long kiss goodnight.


Like and that's true. I'm a hundred percent that I don't care. I got friends like my dog Rob Kelly in Dublin. I don't speak to him every day, but when I pop out in Ireland, he right there at the airport to get me all my friends. Any country I touch down, whether I'm in London with my guy clue Grease Sniper, my guys is there and he's been my friends for the last 20 years. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. I'm off. Am am I in London? I was gonna ask, what's your relationship with Dame Dash? It's cool. I spoke to Dame like we agreed upon, you know, to keep things respectful. 'cause I felt like things was going a little bit too far. Get a little, especially, you know what Emini here when, when the legal accusations was going around and people leaning on that like you really don't know people.


Integrity. That's what rubbed me wrong. It's like you was there with us fam you gonna act like you don't know the integrity. We went outside with man, like people was playing that game. We don't play that kid game. And, and, and that rubbed me wrong. So I had to reach out to Dame and it was a respectful conversation. The wildest thing about that is when, when all of that shit went away and everybody, first of all, you should knew it was bullshit from the beginning. Yes. But when everybody realized it was bullshit, it was crickets. Crickets. Nobody said nothing. No. They, they, they wanted, it is like people want Jay to be guilty of some, some bull and it's like, yo fam, we were who we were before we got here. Like we didn't become who we are in this industry.


So the things you see that a lot of these people took advantage of their stardom, their fame. That's not us. We been lit. Like, I don't know why people think the rap game made Jay-Z, who he is. He came in this game up. Trust me. How did the passing of Clark Ken impact you? That was real devastating man. Like Clark played a major, major role in my, you know, my upbringing, my first album. Like even putting together the record we recorded coming to age in his basement. Wow. At his house. Wow. Like he made the B on the spot and we recorded it on the spot. So just knowing the contribution he put into music, what he did into my life, the game, the goals he ever, he always told me, I just cherish him man.


And it's just so sad to see him go that young over something that was preventable. Like us as young black men, man please go get tested. All health, physical colon, all that man do it. People say 45, do it at 35 if you can. Right. It is never too early, but it can be too late. I went and got mine at 44. I went and got mine 40 and then did it again like a year ago. And they told me I don't gotta come back for another seven. I'm like, oh, They told me Because you got a history of it in your family. Yes. They tell you to go to go early. Yep. We both got birthdays coming up. That's right. Yeah. You 6 23, right? Yep. 26, 29. Yeah. Me and Ken's a gang in the building.


Wow. Two way different personalities just so sweet and humble. He is too. He cool. He all right. He just got that he yo he know how to throw that whip out real quick. Hit you with that. Yes. You the my friends are always my friends And I let he is hell You ain't heard the bleak running down on people's stories. I'm saying I watch drink jams. I've heard some of your stories, But that's what my friends say. They always be like, yo, you meeting bleak right now. You still ain't met Malik. Mm. Malik the businessman. That's when it's serious hat gloves off. No playing. Talk about your relationship with Nori because like for me sitting and watching you on Drink Champs, when I saw the podcast I was like, this makes so much sense.


'cause when he is interviewing is just so good. You're so into it. Nori gassed me up to do this. Just FYII did not want to do the podcast. Nori gassed me. I ain't gonna say he begged me 'cause he don't beg nobody but me and Nori relationship started, this started before I even knew him, man. When I bought the, the, what would say, first album component Noriega the War Report album. I knew right there when I get my album, when I get my deal and my chance to make my album, I need this guy on my album. 'cause he talked that life that I talked. So when I met him and we did the record, what You niggas want to Hate for? Yeah. Like, And I'm like, wait up. He really like me and he from Left Rack that's right there over the bridge.


I be in left rack playing board the Kenny Anderson tournaments. Like that's my guy. Then from there, the, the relationship just brew. And when we did the drink Champs interview, he called me again. Like bleak. I'm telling you, people rock with you. They fuck with you. They like, you need to do something. And I'm like, yo bro, I'm not a journalist. I don't, I don care less what a person mind State was working on their project. I don't care. Like I don't wanna find that out. And he like, yo, you don't have to interview people. People wanna know about what you thinking, your history Rockefeller stories. He like, you literally could just talk Rockefeller in it. I'm like, all right, let's see. So after I did the first couple of interviews, like, you know, I got Guru just Blaze Freeway, young Chris.


I got a couple heavy at this line as and after I got a few and, and started realizing where it was going, I'm like, this is needed. People did need to hear, they, they need to hear this man. 'cause I think a lot of these young guys, they think it's one way. If you not a killer, you can't be a rapper. Yeah. Like they really gotta kill on YouTube and drop the video the next, that next minute. Then they go platinum. And this is like, yo fam, where's the cool people? Where's the regular guys? That's what we represented. Nobody at Rockefeller was the ultimate killer. We just was hustlers who got money. Right. And I feel like that has died. That image died in music. So to bring that back through the podcast, I think people listen more than watch.


So That's why I think y'all need a platform, man, because I, I I say it all the time. The the Rock nation, that core of people, they're the most normal people I've ever met in this business in my life. Nah, You that's what Saying like, we know the weirdos and the they're the most normal people. Nah, that's a fact, man. Like it's no, it's no. If you was a weirdo Rockefeller, we got you outta there early. We, we, the strainer was out earlier. We, we shook the loose ends outta there. So when it come down to the Emorys man, like Emory is the og. I tell him he's the definition of a OG to me. Like when people talk about an original gangster, not just a old guy, original gangster, his picture need to be there.


Mm. Because that's where he is. He's the epitome of that. Just if you know his story, his history, how he, how he laid down on the sword for the team's and then you come home to reap the benefits of it. It like, I don't think no man walking right now would ever try to even repeat that. I don't think we'll ever see it done again. Nah. And then his vision, like I, I remember being in the office with Behi when Emery had just came home and he was, he literally had folded up a piece of stationary and was throwing it around the paper plane. He was like, that's gonna be the next shit. Yeah. Like I remember that. Right. So it's like when you see somebody have a vision like that and see where it's become now, it's like, come on man. Yeah. No, Emery always been and been the super flyest dude.


I know coming from, you know what Emini here, Baltimore, DMV. I respect Emery. I would love to have him on a podcast, like a person like tt. But I know TT never come. Never. I thought Emery was a given though for you. I gotta kidnap Tata to give on the podcast. But don't you feel like they gotta tell this story At some point? Something Yeah. I feel like it's a given. It has to happen with you. I would hope they will want to tell it with me. But knowing Tty, no, they can't talk to me. They not gonna do tty cannot him. Jay Emery might. 'cause I feel like Emery and Juan, they, they give me that. All right. Ble a og. He one of us. Tty Jay is like, Nope, you still a little dirty kid from Boston.


I can get outta here. I'll win nothing. But I think even seeing that would be good for people too. Because we don't get to like, I'm literally, I'm sitting here listening to y'all talk right now and I'm like, man, I can't imagine what it was like being around during all these people are so great to us, but they're normal people to y'all. Yes. People might need to see the personality a bit. They Definitely do. Man. Like Ty, Ty's funny man. Like he run from the camera. So that's how I know if I did an interview with Ty, Ty, I'd have to be over the phone. Like he locked up. We gonna have to act like he phoning in, but he not gonna get No, I know him man. It's been years. He's not gonna do it. But That's what make y'all so solid though. 'cause nobody wanted to be anybody like ho ho's that guy. You know how, you know how hard that is for a bunch of men?


Especially to get behind one guy and say, that's the guy he's gonna help change all our lives. Because you knew it man. Like you knew it. Yo you knew it. See from back then, you knew you could see the ray of light in the clouds with jaywalk. Like I tell people I was there from the beginning, I could tell you the cars they drove, the clothes they wore, the the malls they shop in, the kind of women, the liquor, they drunk, the food they ate. And your results won't be the same. Mm. I could put you on the same path, tell you everything they did. I remember us sitting in the house making gift baskets to send the power and hot just to get the DJs to play. His record power Wasn't even around back then.


No, it was Hot. It was, yeah it was really hot. But sending gift basket gift baskets with Chris style and all these different trinkets in there just to get DJs, the Play J record, like I remember us grinding and then when it clicked it was like, it's over. And he said, I'm never gonna stop. Angie was the first person to play it, I think. Yep. Angie was the first person to show love. That's why Angie down with the team. To this day, she's Angie. I feel like back then it was Ms. Jones. Wendy was really popping. Like flex always been there enough man. The radio stage. That's when it was, it was impactful then, man, like now today, like I heard the homie right before me talking about artists.


They lost love for the radio. They just believe in streaming me. I, I love radio. I feel like this is the way to reach the masses. Like yes on the internet, it, you have to really sit there, click it, watch it, watch your ad, watch this. It's like, nah, I'd rather just get it one time and I'm done. That's why I love watching Lauren and, and Jess. 'cause you know they 33, right? Yeah. 33 years old. They came up in the internet era, but now they on the radio every day and they see the Different impact. It's so crazy. I'm like, I never wanna hear somebody say the radio don't matter like this. I've been on television in different markets, big markets. This changed my life. Like honestly like radio And I can't believe it when I say it, but yes.


And you people get to know you personally. Yes. A lot differently than it is when you just post something on Instagram or whatever the case may be. But because You could edit that this is, this is straight like it is, yes. It's no, it's no filter, no edit, no nothing. Like this is what it is. And like this as a fan, I, I listen to y'all every morning, you know what I'm saying? Like there's nothing else to listen to. I wake up, even my daughter, she like, who donkey today? Today, daddy? I don't know. We gonna find out though. Go Ahead. I was gonna say, I, when I was watching the first episode with you and Ja Rule, y'all talking about the hard knock life tour, it just, it seemed like that was like college for, for him and for a lot of y'all. Oh yeah, like the learning lessons. What was the biggest lesson you took away from the tour?


The biggest lesson I took being a good performer because DMX used to go out there and destroy. Then you had Red Man and meth man, remember they used to do how high and fly through the, through the crowd. And everybody on that show held their own. And remember I was the newcomer and it was like, damn, when I get my shot, this is how it's going to be. This how So that right there. And then I remember Jay, they didn't let me smoke before the shows. Like every day before the show, like two hours be high. He would come take all my weed and my duchess and everything. Like you can't smoke till after the show just to be a professional. Like, just to be ready and on time.


Like, and that tour taught me, if you ain't 15 minutes early, you 15 minutes late. Mm. Wow. What's, what's one Rockefeller artist you think never reached their full potential? Signed or unsigned? Both. I don't know. I gotta get my guy Hasa ripper them flowers. A lot of people probably don't even know who Hasa Ripper is. He's from New Jersey. I'm telling you. Him and Beanie Sigu are the only two people I ever seen touch the stage with no beat and spit a verse that no one ever heard. And have the crowd go crazy. Now Emini here, hostile Ripper was shutting venues down, opening up for Jay.


He was dying. Yes, he was down with us, but I, he just, he it, it never manufactured into a, a album or single anything. And, and now he changed his life. Like you know, he's a big preacher. He got a church out in Jersey and all that. And I was telling my homie, yo, I gotta bring him on the show man. 'cause I want to know his story And I want people to appreciate and know what his contribution was to Rockefeller because without him I probably wouldn't be the artist I am because I remember being so jealous. Jay brought him out on the tour with Biggie and them and he shut it down spitting. And I'm like, I don't like this guy that's supposed to be me up there. And it is like, but then I knew I wouldn't be able to do that.


Look what he is doing. You kidding me? No way. He was the open artist on the reasonable doubt. Reasonable doubt. Tour. Why don't people talk about him? Yeah. I never heard him. Yeah. Hostile Ripper man. I'm telling you was Ill, you could look him up. He got U YouTube videos. I'm up yard where he's shutting cards. He did the tunnel with us one time. He did a couple venues with us and he is his pin game to me back then was like, yo, it's the nicest kid I ever seen. And what about somebody we know All? Like who didn't Petey Crack? Oh yeah, yeah. I can see That. I'm from Delaware, so we a lot of Petey Crack because We feel Yeah, Petey Crack. I feel like Petey had a lot of gems. He just was in his own way. You know what Emini here, a lot of our artists that happened too.


Like I feel like at Rockefeller when you came in, whether you had a record or not, you got a chain. You was in baseline every day. We all traveling The World. We on tour buses, we flying. So a lot of these guys felt successful before actually being successful. Mm, got you. So they forgot to put the work in. I Felt like with PD, crack Oschino, like it was like hot so fast and then it just stopped Because that's what I'm saying, they was out there running around with the thy bodies. They forgot about the work, the body of work. Like you gotta go to the studio. Like I think Chris said something on one of these interviews where he said they had an opportunity to go to the studio after a show, but they wanted to go party with Right. With Rihanna.


So they didn't go to the studio with Jay. I heard Jay was mad where He was at. I heard That. That was young Chris. I don't know who he was talking to, but I can see that happening 'cause 'cause it's been times where Jay like, yo, hey, they do this and whatever and nobody show up. We'd be sitting there like, what happened? We say what? Oh, oh you. Yeah, I'm saying that was y'all talking? Oh that Was me. Yeah. Oh, look at me for me. See that was talk. I'm like, I don remember hearing that conversation. Do you feel like too at that point, 'cause it was now it's like once you get to like Chris and Neef and Sino and Petey Crack, there's so many different people involved versus when you're there. Right. Jay-Z's like right there with you. Like no, put the blunt down. No get That was only at the shows.


Okay. He was never there in the studio. Okay. That's why I don't understand where the narrative came from that Jay wrote for me. That's why I can't wait till the guru interview dropped Lenny. Yes. Interview. 'cause then they gonna really hear the stories on the work and how hard it was for us to even get them to acknowledge us. Mm. Because when Beans got his deal at Rockefeller, man, I was the first artist. Everything was Memphis bleak. When beans came, it was ice cold for me. Everything was beans even in my eyes. Like they put us in the studio to even like try to test to see who we gonna rock with. And that's when we did Crew love you hear beans rhyme on there. Yeah. I knew like, this guy's pH, what I'm gonna do, I gotta step it up.


So while the parade was running that way, Lenny was the only one who locked in with me. And we went and made coming the age album. We did the whole album by itself. Nobody even heard it. That's why if you listen to what you think of that J verse don't even go with the song. Mm. Because he wasn't there with us. He was like, yo, what song am I gonna rhyme on? And I'm like, put a verse on this one, man. He just put whatever he wanted on that, on that particular song. That's why he ain't even getting the video with me. So he didn't rap on the song? It was, it was like a verse you already had sitting around. Yeah. He ra and he spit it on. What you think of that? Yep. Wow. But yeah, Jay wasn't like, we did that whole album by himself. Like no input, no nothing. Now on the second album, I could see why you might think that because I got a AlleyOOP with a record.


Is That your shit? Yeah. Like that was on his London record. But it's still like, yo bro, I got a hook, I got a beat. Write a verse. We gonna shoot a video. Cool. That's not you writing for me. You just gave me an idea. You know what I'm saying? Beanie Siegel said that it was because it was, it was a three. How? You said it was a three of y'all? Yeah. That basically Jay-Z had to cheat for you because it was a three of y'all. And that's where the writing came from. He just don't want to admit I smoked him. That's, that's it. That he must have felt I had the best verse and he like, ah, only way that could happen. Jay had to give him some bars. So I don't know if you, if we all in the studio writing, how fast is Jay writing that you didn't see him write for me? Like it's impossible Because he don't even write Exactly.


He, you didn't see him tell me yo, some bars you ain't never hear reference track. Like where's the reference tracks? Like go leak those. Now this is a, there's a lot of history man. I would like to see you talk to Jim Jones. Yo. Oh, you and Cam. Yo, I cam ain't gonna come Cam too lit now the podcast, you know, they lit him and Mace stay up there suited and booted Baby get to that chick gone. So he, I don't think Cam sit down. Emini here you Go to is it is what it is to promote rock salad. Yeah. I go up there, I go up there. I definitely pull up on Cam. We had a relationship. That's what I, that's why I want my podcast to showcase that. I have a lot of relationships with a lot of people in this business that people don't know. Like The World didn't know Sean Price was related to me.


People don't know Steele from Smith and Wesson is my cousin. Like they don't know. I grew up in the duck down household like I was supposed to. I could have been ducked down. You know what Emini here before Rockefeller, like people don't know I went to Staten Island, no. Shaheem and Ghost and all of them from Stapleton before the rap game. Like Joel Ortiz from Cooper was in the rap group with my artist Living Proof as a kid. I knew him since he was probably like 10. Like a lot of people don't know these things. So I feel like my podcast is gonna showcase that. Yeah, You couldn't be on Duck Down. You grimy, but not Duck Down. Grimy slew the duck down. I love Nah, nah. Yeah.


I couldn't see that. I tried, I tried Back in the day. They was like, nah, you gotta, you gotta come up. And ironically I made a song called Coming in Age. Yeah. Listen. Bleak man. Do you ever wake up sometimes and just be like, yo, we changed The World, man. Nah man, I want, I wake up sometimes and hope I did enough. I say that, that I hope I, I made my mark. I did my thing that I ain't disappoint my friends, my family or my fans or people that, you know, rock with me. And sometimes I wake up and don't feel I did enough. Mm. Like that's why I, you know, I feel like, like my partner Cheech, he made it make sense to me. Like, you know, I stopped rapping. I didn't care. Like I said, I left with a Gold album. So rap, I didn't care.


Like I ain't even feel like I left anything on the table. And when me and him started working with the Warehouse movement and doing the everything we doing with the Mind Right. And all of that. And he like, yo, bro, I was a real fan and you left me hanging. You didn't give me no closure. You just left one then left. Like how did, what, what'd you think the people who really, really rock and was rooting for you field, you didn't give us no explanation, no exit, no nothing. And I'm like, damn, he right. And those guys are like me. We're grown now. Right. I'm pretty sure it's hard for them to find a playlist or something to really get into. 'cause me, I find myself listening to Sade now. Ain't really too much I could get into that's, that's talking about what I live. So that's what made me make this album.


And trust me, it's for us man. It's, it's Aade. I don't have one gun on me on this project. Right, right, right. Because I don't live that life. It's literally for us. And I, And I told him, if I'm gonna make music, I want to give these guys some type of game, some type of hope. 'cause as a teenager today to look at a guy 50 years old still doing the same thing you doing today, what hope does that give? Right? You, you gotta see somebody that you be like, yo, okay. It is light at the end of the tunnel. A person who came up like me. Right. And I, that's what I want to be, man. And when, now I'm dropping June 20th. June 20th, six 20. We outside with it again called Apartment 3D, just the closure from 5 34.


That's the address. 5 3, 4 apartment, 3D. And the Rock Solid podcast is available everywhere. You listen to podcast on the Drink Champ Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. Bleak, always a pleasure man. Always man. Glad to see you in this space. Glad to hear these stories being told My brother. Appreciate you Laura. Nice meeting you too. Nice meeting you too. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mis and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This is Ashley Neddy from the Ben and Ashley I almost famous podcast. Hi friends. Looking to refresh your wardrobe. Dive into Bo's fabulous collection of trendy dresses, chic tops, cozy sweaters, and fabulous denim With great quality and affordable prices. It's easy to find your perfect look. Whether you're looking for something summery like for the beach, or if you're looking for just something to pick up your kids in and look actually cute and put together, visit b.com today and start your style journey with B. Shop now@b.com. That is b.com. Let me spell that out for you. BOHM e.com. BOHM e.com boom.com.


Now you can watch the best of Hulu on Disney plus the hottest Hulu shows in movies right next to your Disney plus favorites with Hulu on Disney. Plus, dive into new seasons of the Handmaid's Tale. Nine Perfect Strangers, the secret lives of Mormon wives. And welcome Torex Em and don't miss Star Wars and or season two and Marvel's Daredevil, born again on Disney plus. All these and more. Now streaming with Hulu on Disney Plus with a bundle subscription available with bundle plans starting at 10 99 a month. Terms apply. Visit disney plus.com/hulu for details.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.