
Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks, then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal


In seven days. The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities and onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton Manning, Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30. Central on NBC in Peacock.


During the summer when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet At&t 5G requires compatible planning device cover. Not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


At public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Jess Charlamagne guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. You got a special guest in the building? We have Angela Simmons. Welcome. Thank you. Hey, what's up? Big Entrepreneur Energy. Hello. Hello. Big entrepreneur. Yes. You Always doing something. I mean for, it was pastry back in the day. Shoes, sneakers. Shoes, Sneakers. Now you got clothing Lines, funnel Cake, Mix funnels. Oreos with slutty Vegan pancakes. Waffles. It does it all. Damn, They were, they were mad at you about laying in the better Oreos and the tub of Oreos though. But why? I don't know. I have No idea why. That was my, I thought it was nice. Thank you. The Internet is just weird. It's a weird place.


It's Oreos. First of all, how Are you? I'm great. How are you? I am blessed Black and Holly f the only person that should have been mad. Was your daddy though? Did he, did he get upset? 'cause you stole his whole tub flow. Never, never. You still stole tub flow. My dad is my biggest supporter. But You brought, you brought some Oreos. The reason I'm, I'm jumping right into it. 'cause they're still warm right now. You gotta try. All Right, we gotta try these on Mac. Come here. Mac, we need your truth. Yes. Mac. Mac. Where Mac at Mac come is our big Producer. Mac is the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee. Mm. Mac You bringing him in a try. But they, They, We got another order. We own order just for him. We gotta own one just for him right Here. Okay. Tell me about these first of all now. 'cause they're, they're, they're plant-based Oreos. How So?


Oreos are vegan. Okay. And we have a mix that's vegan and that's our batter. So there you go. Boom. All right. Let's try try it. Mac, Come on Mac. I'm gonna take a bite. These are vegan. We doing this live. Maybe do, Wait. You know. Show the belly. Oh my gosh. It just have, I have to, they're plant-based so they're healthy. I don't want to eat now after See that they're Healthy, right? I mean healthy, they're they're better for you than just, I'll tell you, they healthy, He coulda just put the whole Oreo in his mouth. He trying to eat it like I'm trying to Angela. Yeah, I know. They're fine. What's Your review? You like it, like It, You had to double take it. Do they all Taste the same? Lemme see this one, they, they all taste the same. They all taste the same. Okay.


These are good. Thank you. Yeah, These two taste the same. Oh, the third one, Uhuh. Oh my goodness. That might be a different flavor. Yes. Yes. There you go. That's the whole box Mac. Okay. You really, it Don't bother. Thank you. You Wanna try mine too? No, I'm just kidding. I got mine. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm good. I'm talking. Okay. What, how do Oreo when, since when are Oreos vegan? Break it down for Meem. They Always, so Oreo's always been vegan. Really? Yeah. But don't they have cream? Even the cream is vegan. The whole thing is vegan. I never knew that. Yes, I learned that when I became vegan. And I was like, oh cool. Are you okay? So you are actually vegan? Yeah. How long Have you Been vegan? Well, I was vegetarian first. Vegan, And I had to be over 15, 16 years long. Wow. And what got you into being a vegetarian and vegan?


My uncle started it a long time ago. And I was really, really young. Showed me some videos of some animals. And I was like, I had to be like 12 I wanna say. And then I was like, I'm not gonna eat no more. And I was like, I can't do that. And then I became vegan when I moved to la. Did He push it on you? Did he like, no, Not really. He was like, look at these videos. And I was like, oh, I feel bad. Like for the animals really. And then I like became, that's kind of how it started. You didn't do It cold Turkey? No, I didn't. I waited until I got into Health and Fitness and then I changed it up. Okay. And how did you hook up with Pinky? Because you, you and Pinky hooked up with Slutty vegan to, I guess you sell these at Hub restaurants or her spot. Yes. So how did Y'all hook up? So Pinky And, I have known each other for quite some time. We sat down, we talked, we had this idea on this, this whole idea with this business.


And then that was really it. We, that was history from there. And then we just launched right now as You know, in Slutty Vegan in Harlem, Brooklyn, and all the locations. And talk to us about Angela's cakes and, and how does Yo Gotti feel about this name? He's fine with it. Everybody. Daddy got it. You gotta make sure everybody got their approval. Everybody Good? Everybody got It? I got their approval. I got their approval. He likes it. Yeah, he's supportive as well. But yeah, I'm vegan. We came up with the mix. We actually really sat in the kitchen like, and like figured out the ingredients. Did it like we didn't just like find it like we did it. I have a lot of footage of that too, so. Yeah. Yeah. It says made in a facility that also produce, but, but Oh, okay. Nevermind.


But no Co-packer. Are you reading the co-packer stuff? Yeah, I'm just reading. I like to read the ingredients 'cause I really don't know the difference between what's vegan and what's not vegan. So there's no like dairy You, know what I mean? So there's no milk, there's no eggs. It's strictly vegan. Like you good. You use like oat milk and vegan butter. One thing I love about you Angela, is that throughout your whole career we've seen you, it's like you're always trying to redefine yourself or reinvent yourself. Was that intentional because you didn't wanna just get boxed into the reality TV Star thing? Not really. I just do what I like to do, what I love to do and like I stick to it. So to me, like when I have a passion for something, I just go for it. I don't really allow anyone else to define that. So that's what I do.


Do you have a deal with Oreos? Because I know when you posted the picture in the tub with all the Oreos, people will going at you. Oh my gosh. But then Oreos left a messages like, we love it. So I was like, I wonder if she has a deal with Oreo. No, I don't currently Have one. Not yet. No, Because they said they had a crush on Angela Simmons. I like that. They should have a crush. It's good. I just don't understand why people got upset at that picture. It's Weird. I, it's strange. I don't know. Are you and Kiki Palmer? Like y'all real tight in real life? 'cause she came to your defense. I've known her actually for some time too. She's been super cool, super supportive, really nice person. So we cool. I saw you walking your dog and people got mad. Why they mad at that too? Can't walk. Dog Was cringe. But why did you that I'm What you doing that made it cringe.


I Don't, I was just walking the dog. She was Just walking. We was just walking the dog. She wasn't putting up a middle finger. She didn't chilling kick the dog, nothing. She was just walking and it wasn't even a long video. It was a couple seconds, probably 25. It Was so cute. I would say keep a man, keep doing Something. Yeah. Why don't you just start trolling people on purpose. Maybe get with somebody like Jess, she's good ass. Stuff like that. And y'all just come up with ways to just troll people online on purpose. They really gonna hate her. They are really hate her. She start doing anything with me. It is, no, it would be Skit. We could make a ski of what we Doing. But even the bag at the BET awards, you had the gun bag. People were mad about that, but that was considered fashion. Most people, people do that all the time. Yeah. I mean for me. But you apologize for that one. Why? Yeah. Well I only apologized because I felt like You know. It offended some people and for me.


Ooh. I mean people were offended. People were in their feelings about it. Yeah. And for me, I just liked the bag. I thought it was nice. It's a green bag. I'm on the carpet. I'm gonna explain exactly what happened. I'm, I'm on the carpet, I take some photos. The, the paparazzi, like all of the camera You know they seen the bag. They said they like it. I'm at the end of the carpet. They're like, point it here. We wanna see it. I'm clearly smiling. I mean, personally I am affected by gun violence. So I'm not no shape or form promoting that You. know what I mean? Like I deal with that every day with my son You. know what I mean? So that's not something I'm promoting. But I liked it. I thought it was cool. I liked the bag. It was green, it went with my dress. It was different. It's not classic Is is being with Gotti and like, I don't know, going to Memphis. What inspired you to have the gun shaped purse?


Maybe? No. Get you gang on just, no, I literally just, what's wrong with you? I literally just liked the purse. Okay. I thought the purse was like cool and different. You know like for me, I don't wanna do what everybody else doing. I just do what I like to do. And I thought that it matched the dress and it was different than a classic clutch. I didn't like that you apologized though, because I'm like, what are you apologizing for? Just I didn't because I don't like to upset anyone You. know what I mean? Like if you're offended or think I was trying to promote gun violence, I'm not You. know what I mean? So I'm just like true to that and true to who I am. So that's the only reason I did it. You Could have been promoting Second Amendment rights though. Like I'm, I I I'm from, I'm too a all day. I believe in my second Amendment. Right. So it's like, who, who knows? I mean they were at it wrong. I feel like the media just painted a picture that they wanted to and it's not true.


It's not even who I am. You know. That's just not how I Amd you. What'd you wear it again? I don't think it's necessary. You did it once already. Not repeat that. You know they seen it. I mean I thought it was cool in the moment. I liked the person. That was it. It was really simple. Like I didn't mean nothing else by it. All of These rappers that being music videos with guns and promoting guns and they gonna get mad at Angela Simmons and Angela Simmons. Have to apologize. Come on. Yeah, it's different. It's definitely Different. It is different. They're rappers. They rap about shooting guns and everything. Even if they don't, that's a different life. She's You know I get wise A I'm just, I'm not about that life. That's just not me. Like, I literally just thought it was a nice purse at the time and it matched the dress.


It was green. It wasn't the regular purse you would wear with it. I don't know. That was my, that's all I got for that. How how much does social media impact you in moments like that? Because You know people, like you just said, people were online saying, oh, You know she lost her ex-fiance to gun violence. So she should be more cautious. Like, does that, did that really get to you? To me, it's like I'm living that right? Like that's my everyday thing. My son's asking what happened to his dad. My son's looking it up. Like I go through that. So it's like that's my real life. And then like whatever people like paint online is on them. I normally don't even, like, I just don't talk and address whatever people say. It doesn't affect me. 'cause I've been around it so long. Like I'm used to people having their own opinion. Like I know who I am so I don't, it don't affect me. I only said so.


'cause I was like, all right, so outta controls outta hand, like let me just say what it is. You know what I mean? But that to me, it doesn't affect me in that way. Did You get so big in the physical Fitness because it does help with your mental and emotional Wellbeing? Oh, a hundred percent helps. Yeah. But I got into it really young 'cause I wanted to just lose weight and then I realized how much it helps me. Like I don't like to miss too many days. Like two days missed. I'm like, all I gotta get there. You You know you've been one of those people that really showed your body in all the transformation. You know whether you're losing weight or whatever it is. What puts you in that mind frame? 'cause You know social media, You know. You could feel that they would try to kill you, but you don't care. Whatever your body is or whatever day it is, you will post and you will You know show your, your yeah, your trans your transformation or your workout regimen.


So what puts you in that mind frame? I just think people should be real. Like whatever it is. Like if that's how you look at the moment, that's where you at. Just share it and just be honest. Just be open. Like, to me, like that's where I, I just felt like it's best. Like, I'm not gonna lie to you like this where I'm at today, maybe somewhere else tomorrow. But I don't, I don't mind being transparent. And I. Think there are a lot of people out there that feel the pressure to look a certain way and do certain things. Like no, like be who you are in the moment and If you want to get better. Do it. That's it. That's all you can do. Like, that's how I feel about it Now. I was joking before, but did, did your, did you ask your pops about the tub thing or was that just you paying homage or did he say anything to you? No, I actually just did it. It was the idea of mine and Khalila, my partner who's actually in, in here.


And. I just, we thought it was cool. Like we putting, we were like, we're putting out fried Oreos, what else would you do? Except bathing Oreos You. know what I mean? Like it's a cool idea. So I didn't think nothing else of it. And then obviously it came up and people like your dad. And I'm like, well it is true. I mean, my dad do has has and does sit in the tub. Yeah. So I mean, but no, I didn't like even think about it like that. I just thought it was cool. Do people forget your age? Because people keep saying You know like, what about your dad? But they don't know that you, you're in your thirties You know, like, do they think that you're still a teenager? Like you said, did your dad like, I feel like You a grown ass woman being Yeah, being on run's house and growing up on run's house in 17, it's like they stuck somewhere over there. Like I'm not 18, I'm not 17. Like I'm grown, grown. But they do like, I think they forget.


And then on top of that, I think a lot of times people, because of where I come from, they prejudge before. Like knowing me, I mean obviously no one really truly knows me except my people. But like on social, they think they know me like you shouldn't be doing that. Why? Like, that's me. I'm grown. That's what I do. You know how much Time you spin it in the south. 'cause I hear an accent. I definitely got that. She Definitely got that accent. It's music. Say music right fast. Music A real stubborn accent. I'm like, What's going on? It's, it's, yeah, it's probably my man. It's probably, it's probably the influence of my Man. Gotta be scene Of your man. Oreo wasn't the only people to have like a crush on you. He's had a crush on me.


He said that in a song. How did it go from a bar and a song to a full blown relationship? How Did you, I don't know. We got here we that was years ago and then just cut to like we're together. Like it's pretty real. But what was it like, did you, were you ev was you crushing on him too? Or was it just like, did he try to hit


In seven days? The Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities. Cities. And onto an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Next Friday, 7 36 30 central on NBC and Peacock


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and SIP not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers


Is getting gas at shell Burning a hole in your wallet. Get the drop app with drop. You can earn free gift cards just by filling up your tank. Download drop now. Use code drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points


With Lucky Lands slots. You can get lucky just about anywhere Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to, has anyone seen the bride and groom? Sorry. Sorry. We're here. We were getting lucky in the limo and we lost track of time. No Lucky land casino with cash prizes that add up quicker than a guest registry In that case, I pronounce you lucky. Play for free@luckylandslots.com daily. Bonuses are waiting, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details.


Beat you up. Keep on hitting you up. Nah, he wasn't like that. He wasn't like that. We had no like seen each other. He wasn't like that. He wasn't Stop used to this state. No, I'm from New York. Don't take my Pass. You can't take my pass You from Memphis now. Oh my gosh. You can't take my pass. But no, he wasn't like hitting me up all the time or nothing like that. Like we had seen each other previously, went to dinner, like, which is cool You know what I mean? And then after we hung like whenever that was like two years ago. Almost like we just never stopped hanging and then like we was together. He was together. You were together. What was your reaction? Don't give you me country.


So can't even can't help it. It's just me now. I don't know. It's a part of me. It is me now. What was your reaction when you saw the video of Gotti answering your call during an interview? I thought that was cute. I mean he, I if he wasn't gonna answer it. Okay. Just hit me when you're done. But I, I thought that was cool. Did you think yourself? He really likes me. Yeah. He really loves me. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Blush. Okay. Is Gotti the one? Yeah, for sure. So you wanna get married and all of that? Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Okay. I I'm too old playing games.


I'm in it. And that, that is the thing. You know when we had him up here, we, we was talking to him about it. He said he hadn't, he hadn't really sat down and had a conversation with your, with your father yet. So do you feel men have to get dad's approval? For sure. My dad likes him though. Yeah, he does. So I mean, for sure. I think a man should always go to a father. And I'm daddy's girl so for sure. I'm gonna tell you something. He looked like a part of the family. He Looked like A part. The family Gotti, he got the, he got the, the head shape. He does say Gotti's head. Same. I'm lying. Cannot tell me Gotti like one of red run kids. Yo. He don't look like one of red. He don't look like, no he don't. Yes he does.


No, he Shape is in the league of his own. He do not have, no, Not in his league. His own Jesus Christ. Like You know he got his own shape going on. How you gonna try to put a nah, nah, nah, no, nah. It's not like that. Don't look related. Why was it important for you to make your son CEO of of, of his father's company? Well first of all, my son likes business already. He's already like a little mini hustler. He wants to know how to make money, get his own. Like he's just, that's just who he is. But his father actually left that company in his name. Mm. And when his father was here, he helped build up that company. So I want him to know what his father left for him. And so, and he's ready. He's like, I'm gonna go to work. I'm trying to go every day. I got I ideas how old he, I have T-shirts, he's seven.


Wow. Wow. But he just likes that stuff. Like he's into it. He's into the sneakers, he's into the things that his father was into, but his dad left it for him. So I wanted him to know that this is available for you. And they're still building it up. His partner Ivan actively runs it. But You know, I wanted him to know that that's an option. How Is Gotti with him? Because Gotti has a, a great business mind. Yeah. And that's somebody that definitely I'm sure can teach him a couple of things about a couple of hundred millions and Stuff. Yeah. Yeah. He's great with him. Like he sat him down 'cause Sj likes like he wants to do gaming, YouTube, he just has ideas. Like he sat him down before and showed him his plaques with the YouTube stuff and he was like, okay. You know. Like my son just processes information. But he's good with 'em. He's really good with 'em. What's up with your sister Vanessa? 'cause You know, even with the pastries, we always saw y'all together doing business.


Is she involved in any of these new entrepreneurial, We got some other stuff we working on. Okay. So we got some cool stuff when when we ready we come back. But she's good. I always here with my sister. They always like, where's Vanessa? I'm like around, it's my family. Of course. Speaking of your baby boy, do you want more kids Eventually? I think, yeah. When the time makes sense. But for now I'm like, I'm cool. Okay. God's time. God's absolutely gotcha. Yeah. Do you, do you rely on like You know your siblings for support and comfort? Like You know in those moments when social media is coming at you or there might be some pressure, do you like The funny part is like, they know me. Like that stuff don't affect me. Like I don't, it don't do like, they might hit me like you straight. I'm like, of course I'm straight.


But like I always rely, I rely on them whenever I need them. You know what I mean? If I need to call them for something. For sure. Or vice versa. Absolutely. Man, you and Gotti gonna do a TL too. This is like the new new news. I gonna ask, does your family say anything about your accent? Crazy. Yeah, everybody does. I don't, I don't even, I don't even, I've Never seen this before. No, you gotta Know your accent. I actually even hear myself, but I think, I literally think once I started dating him, like it just, who knows if, If anybody closed their eyes, they would swear you from the south. For real. It's like New York. Don't say that. Because they used to say my accent, accent from New York was so strong. You can't tell me I'm music. Oh No. That changed. You Don't hear it? Hear hear it, hear it.


You don't hear it. I can't hear it over the music. Oh my, my gosh. Shane ain't say heard it. Shane ain't say heard it. Yeah. I ain't say her. It's Almost there. Almost. It's almost there. The herbs. I know you got a love for herbs. I love herbs. I do. Why? Why? You wanna do anything with with herbs? Yeah. I've talked to a couple. And keep herbs to culture. You, I I love herbs. Okay. I've naturally just like healed myself a lot. Like with anxiety and different things I suffer with over like years. And so to me I like to share information. For sure. So what do you do? Like you sit down with, I don't know what you call 'em. Plantologist, Right? Different wellness. Like coaches, different natural paths. Herbal doctors.


I just love it because it like, it heals you and it's natural. It's like there's no better way. What's the last thing that you discovered that really changed something? Hmm? You said about anxiety? I think what? Oh, anxiety. So there's just different stuff, but adrenals, like I can go too far, but there like everyone's adrenals, it's really important. Like, so I have like different things that really help for nighttime, daytime, there's a lot of different roots you can take. I like a lot. I have like a plethora of herbs. Like I literally have like a herbal library. Like I'm really just like into it. Is that why Gotti's Skin was glow? He was just up here yesterday. When is he? Gotti was a couple ago. Last week. Last week? Yeah. His skin was glow. Yeah. Could be. What you giving him? I got different stuff. I don't, he, he thinks I'm a little You know, like I do.


I overdo it. So like he's like, what is this? Like You know I come, I'll come with the whole layout, like take this for this, that that I gone to this that like I just be having it laid out. But what? But that's Good that he's open to it though. You know, know To a degree thinks I'm a little crazy. But yeah. Two degree. You thinks you're crazy for being in the plant? No, I, because I, you gotta imagine I might be overwhelming when you come with like a whole lot of 'em. Like, and I'm coming with everything. So this is for this and this is for that. You need to take this and you gotta take that. Like I just believe in taking things preventative medicine more than like treating something first. Like you should be preventative more than anything. Are you the person who tries to change everybody's lifestyle around you since you are vegan? Like I share information. I don't think that it's best to be forceful.


So I'm like, look, this is what I learned or this is what I know. And whatever you do with, it's totally on you. You at dinner and You know you're paying the bill and people ordering meat. Do you pay for the food or not? Mm, because I don't pay If. you order pork and I'm paying. I'm not You, you vegan? No, but I just don't eat pork. So you gotta do something Else. So you get paid for yourself. That's right. I don't, I just let people do what they do. I'll tell you. But again, like I'll give you my information what I do and don't do. But I just, I don't, I don't go so far. And how is eating with Gotti? 'cause Gotti eats meat Paws, right? Yeah. Yeah. He eats, yeah, Meatball. I wanted to pause on him because I, I didn't, I didn't wanna do that to my guy. Gotti Sounds like you said Gotti eats meatballs. I said meat paws.


Why did you pick meatballs outta everything. Okay. Jesus Christ. I said meat paws. What is going on? Oh, You know what? Forget it. And, and You know you've heard the, of course you've heard the one. Yeah. Of Gotti's album. He said that song was inspired by you. That's what he told us. Yeah. What do you think? How did you feel when you heard it? It was cool. We shot a video. We were in Greece and we traveled And I shot it in Dubai, the video for that. But I liked it. Yeah, I would think I was in the studio a lot around that time with him when he was recording. So I thought it was cute. It's just cute. I like it. Yeah. I had a little blessing. Y'all blessing again. That's so cute. Thanks. No, I just love it. I love everything that You know. I just like seeing y'all grow You know what I'm, because it feel like we literally grew up watching y'all on television as as it's unbelievable.


It's absolutely unbelievable. So what's next for Angela and her entrepreneur efforts? Angela's pushing Angela's cakes. That's my main thing is getting them You know in the stores which I'm working on and putting them where I gotta go and just growing it, growing the brand, continuing on my wellness path. Always got some other stuff up my sleeve. Ain't no holes On leave Alone. Ain't no. Did you hear it then? Yes. Yes. My god. Which Word was it? Everything. Wow. Now Gotti comes up here talking to New York, then that's this tone Something. Oh my god, he ain't coming with New York. See he didn't influence me. It's his ex. And probably on me It is Mr. LaBelle. An influence to everything you're doing. She's awesome. I love what she does. So she'll always be like an influence I would say.


Like I just love the way she does it. It's a legend. So I just wonder who you like reach out to, to talk to about doing these Things. You know, Pinky's been like really my, like mentoring the space with us because she's doing the food business since she's doing it. Well. So that's been somebody that I really reached out to for a lot of information. Oh, so you reached out to Her? Yeah. Like she's Pinky's great. Yeah. Yeah. So you saw what she was doing with Slutty vegan and you Was Yeah, and we sat down, talked powwow, had the idea. I'm like, We sat down to talked and powwow pow. New Yorkers gonna say powwow. Oh my God. Jesus. Jesus Christ. Look This gonna go viral too. They gonna mean Lord ain't no accent. You can sell me Angela. Right.


My God. Oh my goodness. This is insane. It Is. It's heavy like that. Yes. Who's the first Person that pointed that out to you? Because it can't be us. No it. No you're not. It's, I've heard, I keep hearing it now when I'm, they're like, where the South, like what happened? I'm like, dang, it's that bad. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. That it could influenced just, it happened. Where Are you spending most of your time nowadays? I'm in a couple places. You know. I'm in New York, I'm in Atlanta, I'm in Miami. Yeah. In my, in my hubs. No, no. You think I'm somewhere else Where you think? Because I don't feel like you, you don't pick up an accent. He think You be in Memphis. Yes. You don't pick up an accent in those places. It's just my man. He is, I don't Say it's just my main nothing.


It don't even really sound Memphis though. It sound like Atlanta, like down south Mississippi. No, that ain't Atlanta don't sound like Atlanta. That don't Sound like Memphis like that though. That's Not Atlanta. I'm just not picking up the words like y'all think like The World. The Words Is, is Memphis the words Like you think I'm gonna say like that's not gonna fully happen, but it's definitely, it's what's Your favorite artist right now? This is how we're gonna do it. I like a lot of artists. I'm, I'm trying to think of my playlist right now. I like that song. Lotto Big. That song Big Mama. I like Off Glows music. Of course you just missing Two South Heavy. Keep going. Two south artists heavy. So you're saying that's where it's coming from? No, I'm just saying. I'm just saying it from the south. You know I'm from the south. I don't, I Love it. Oh I like Tyler, I love her stuff.


Okay. Oh Tyler. Yeah. I love that You know I like little bit of this, little bit of that. Say say Yo dead ass B Yo dead Ass B. Nah. What You mean? No? Nah. What that mean? It's Wrong. Nah, that wasn't it. Yo dead ass Bee. Nah, nah. That was a, that was a little, he sound like a southerner trying to sound like No, you sound like Drake trying to sound like he from New York. Nah, You know. Nah, that was New York got mad. Say you can't say, you can't say I sound like I'm from somewhere else. I'm from New York. Y'all tripping Y'all. Angela Simmons ladies and gentlemen. Listen. What do, where can we get Angela's cakes? Eat angelas cakes.com.


Damn. Damn. What You asked? Poop that and and ref that. That ref. I'm just telling y'all to eat the cake. Damn. All well If, you want to eat Angela's cakes? Go to eat angela cakes.com. You can get the Fried plant-based Oreos from Slutty Vegan. That's, yes, You can Anywhere, any Slutty vegans, any slutty vegans. We are alive for the next three months. There's Two of 'em, right? There's one in Atlanta, one in Brooklyn. There's multiple. She has this one In Harlem. I didn't, this came from Harlem, Right? This came from Harlem. Miss Harlem, Brooklyn, Chicago. She's in a la We all look Jacque. They a lot of places. Let me look. We everywhere Of them hype to announce that she finally opened up. She's Opening up Bar Vegan in Baltimore. Really?


Yeah. We actually had did a launch last night at Bar Vegan. We did Atlanta. We were in Atlanta last night. We did it in Lawrenceville. And we're also in the bar vegan in Ponds. Yeah. That's dope. So that she serves with ice cream over there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, she got a bunch of 'em. Yeah, she got a bunch. I did not know that. I mean, I knew she had a few. I didn't know she had all of these at Jonesboro. Edgewood, Gwinnett, Birmingham, Brooklyn. Oh no, my baby doing her thing. Harlem. Harlem. Yes. Atlanta Brave Stadium. Georgia Tech Dallas. Yes. Spelman Bleecker Street. You'll fit right in in Dallas, Angela. That's what they should have to go. That's what she's saying. That's where we go. Yeah. You go To do DEI in the morning on K 1 0 4. You can fit right in over there Of a sandwiches like them. That's just like Jesus Christ. Alright, well if Angela Simmons, we appreciate you For joining us.


I'm making it worse. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if You know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic one. I can, I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions Apply@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements. And you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior. Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15. Pro most storage means you don't have to delete anything that could become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to shove these moments with family members who weren't there to see 'em in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connect and changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.