
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to All Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with Hate.


Wake that ass up In the Morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building ASAP Joe. He has represented Aron, mj, meek, the Washington Commanders, Donald Trump, Foxy Brown, Neo Swiss Beats, and of course ASAP Rocky. Ladies and gentlemen, we have attorney Joe Taco Peanut. Did I say your last name right? You did Perfect. Dj. How you feeling this morning? Tired, but really good. Really good. Yeah. So it's, that was a five week war, but I've never been happier Emini here. Those two people, when I say those two people, Rocky Re Rihanna, are just such great people.


I've gotten to know them over three years. Really? Well, I babysat for one of the kids won during our Super Bowl performance. Wow. They're just good people. They're really for real good people. You know, you just listed a bunch of people I've represented. Rocky stands out really as a terrific guy. Yeah, really. You know what's interesting though, people always, when they, when we see these cases, they always wonder how the client is doing. Right. Like, how is asap? But I would think it's just as more mentally and emotionally draining for you as an attorney. You, you hit it, man. Emini here. Because look, obviously they have the stress of, of the unknown, right? Yeah. What's gonna happen when I'm on trial and whether it's rocky or some unknown client I represent, the day goes from, you know, nine in the morning in court till about 4:00 AM you just work through and it's when you have a five week trial, you know you're sleeping an average of 10 hours a week.


Wow. But you have to, you have to. Wow. But you, it's fine because you go on adrenaline. It's all adrenaline based. Because I can't go to sleep thinking I'm leaving something out or missing one thing. And then when I go to sleep, I sleep with one. I open in a pad next to my bed. But it is, it's, you know, it's stressful. And then in this case in particular, where we had a prosecutor who was, you know, off the rails, Emini here. It was like one day, every day was a, you know, a war with him making, you know, all sorts of problems and allegations. And we got heated and it became very personal. So, you know, it was, it was, it was a lot for me. But of course, you know, they, they suffer in a different way because, you know, one day re Rihanna brought the babies to court and people were thinking it was a ploy, like some sort of maneuver to get the jury to feel sympathy.


The jury's not feeling sympathy. They didn't know he has a wife and kids. It was more because it was the last day of the trial and we was summing up doing summations and the judge said, we're gonna write into jury deliberations after that. At least that was the plan didn't work out that way. She brought 'em to court because that could have been the last time he'd seen his kids for a decade or more. Wow. That day. Wow. Wow. I didn't even think about that. Yeah. That's why she brought them. And people, a prosecutor made a big deal of it in his summation, which I thought was a fatal mistake, quite frankly. But I, I do have to ask, you know, two things that you, you did that, that we loved up here. One, you know, we've seen criminal attorneys 1,000,001 times I've had Charlemagne had. But with you, it seemed like we were talking about, it seems like you were fighting for your life too.


What gives you the passion? 'cause it, it Emini here looking at you, you were like, it was like we all going to jail. Right. Right. You know? So what gave you the passion? 'cause like I said, we see other criminal attorneys and, and for some you could tell when it's a check. Just a check. Yeah. And, and some we can tell like, no, you, this is your life. So what gives you the passion when you have these cases? I don't know any other way. Whether it's Rocky Emini here, Arod, when I was representing, that's what he said to the New York Times. He goes, it treats you like family. But I don't, I honestly, it's not like I do it, you know, for a tactic. It's just, I don't know any other way. When someone entrusts you with their life and it's like their life, okay, maybe not the death penalty, but you know, their liberty for 20 years, 10 years, whatever. I can't, I, I couldn't look myself in the mirror if I didn't like get into that bunker with them and make it personal and treat them like family.


Because then it, you know, I'm not mailing anything in, let's put it that way. I have to, that's why I don't sleep during trials, because I have to look and make sure I'm not missing something. I want to take ev get every tactical advantage I could get. And in every case, we always wind up roper doping, the opponent Emini here, you know, we, we blow stuff out on summation. They're just like, oh, sh you know, like they weren't ready for it. It happened in this case 12 times. And they were, they were knocked on their heels. You know, we did a five and a half hour summation I did in front of that jury, and they were on the edge of their seat for five and a half hours. Which is, you know, you know, you're connecting with them when that's happening. So it just, it becomes personal to me. Look, you just said something to JV that was important because when I get to the end of those summations, and, you know, these have been put together over the course of my career.


Johnny Cochran was a mentor to me when he, after the OJ case, he came to New York, you know, he opened up his firm here. He plucked me out of obscurity and basically took me under his wing for three years. And Johnny And I worked together and, you know, we crafted summations and stuff like that. And I still used some farm material, And I did it at the end of this case. But one thing I do is when I go to thank, you know, let the jury know that's an honor for me to represent this individual. And I thank the family. I turned around to look at Rocky and, and then I saw Rihanna. I looked at her and she's crying. Wow. She's a strong woman, Rihanna. And I saw her crying. It hit me like a ton of bricks. I turned around and, you know, I had a, I couldn't speak for a second. Mm. And then my eyes walled up and the jury's looking at me and that two of them started crying.


When I see jurors crying, when I'm speaking to them during my summation, I, I feel pretty good. I think we're in good shape. No, you got shape Got'em. So, But that's why it's, it's, that was a good question. It's, it's, you know, it's part of how I do it, but it's not like a ploy. It's not a tactic. It's how I really feel. And what gave you the confidence that when they offered you that deal, you said f that because The World was like, he's facing 24 and he's six. You only have to do six months, which is three months, six months. And community service. You a black Man in America. First thing I said, I was like, man, why I take the Deal? I was thinking, take the deal. And I thinking, I'm thinking it's la They're gonna let him go on a day anyway. 'cause the, the, the jails are overpopulated. Yeah. So what gave you the confidence to be like, Emini here?


Obviously you guys won, but you weren't scanned and be like, well, maybe we should just take this deal. And whose idea Was it To not take the deal? Yeah, it was Rocky And I had a one minute conversation. Literally one minute. Rocky was the off. I don't wanna do it. What do you think? Fuck him. Let's go. Ooh, Emini here. Love that. Can I say that here by, yeah, yeah, Yeah. So you didn't even think about it. Like you, We thought about it for a second and then, but he, it required him to plead guilty to something he didn't do. Right. Required him to say, I'm guilty of a, a, a, a, you know, assault with a semi mac weapon, seven year suspended sentence. Right. Which means he's under their thumb for seven years, five years probation. So if he crossed against the red, they could take him back. Hmm. Yeah. It's six months, which means three months.


But it was a career ender for him. It really was. He he'll lose deals and stuff like that. Oh, Gucci was gone. Emini here. I've been dealing with Gucci for two years on Gucci, Puma, you know, all his shows. He couldn't travel outta the country with felony convictions. Emini here. It would've, it was a life changer for him. And more importantly, he maintained his innocence from the minute I met him three years ago. Maintained his innocence. So it was, it was a, you know, it was really a quick decision. Yeah. People like, God, this guy has onions for doing that kind of stuff. Right. How do you do that? But I also felt very confident. I knew we were gonna win this. At what point do you, so I know that there's like discovery, so you get to see like what the other side has. So that helps you like craft your defense and stuff like that. But at what point did you guys have everything? Like you knew everything up front?


Or did were things added as things were going, were like, you ever got nervous? Like, Hmm. They tried to trick you. They throw it in. Oh, what about this? We forgot about this. Show you about This. We picked the jury, you know, Emini here. They came with a ballistics report that had been done a year and a half ago. And they said, oh, we just found this. Now we, we missed it. So I'm like, are you kidding me? Right. And like that kind of, those games happened throughout the trial, but, you know, whatever. I'm used to that kind of stuff and didn't phase us. I, I, look, I knew we had a defense. My defense was to eviscerate this asap rally this, this absolute pathological liar. And I eviscerate him in a way that, you know, I told this jury, I said, you guys had a front row seat. The history. 'cause you just witnessed the worst witness in the history of American jurisprudence.


Jesus Emini here, he imploded. Like I, and by the way, you know, I'm considered, you know, top cross examiner. Anyone could have done, you know, you could have cross examined him. Emini here. Really it was that the guy was, was his worst enemy. Have You ever met a man that couldn't rat Right. Couldn't even rat. Right? That guy could rat. Right, right. Emini here. He, he cursed in a Courtroom with a judge. A jury cursed to the jury. He told the jury, yeah, I lied because I didn't want to answer this guy's question anymore. He's annoying me. He Said, you annoying. Yeah. I like, oh Man, sorry. I don't mean to annoy. You just want your $30 million and you wanna just leave. You don't wanna answer questions. Like, like he's sued for $30 million of a knuckle scrapes. This guy's a clown. And and he's a liar.


He's a mid liar. He's admitted perjury. He lied at least to this jury 20 times. Mm. And was caught committing perjury. I caught him in multiple, at one point during the summation I said, oh, this next one's my favorite. This is a perjury miniseries. Because he lied. This movie series was crazy. It was, it was, it was, it was like the series of lies about whether he shot a gun before November 6th, 2 20, 21, the day of the incident. And he said, no, no, never. I go, you sure never. He goes, yeah, never. I go, well what about a shooting range? How about in a shooting range? You sure? He goes, absolutely not. He go Exhibit A. Absolutely not. Hit the video goes, I I Really gave him a shot. I go, absolutely not. He goes, you heard me? Like, you know, arrogant. Absolutely not. Go. Okay. Bink video him and a shooting a nine millimeter shell casings popped.


Was that On his Instagram? Y'all pulled It from I got it from his phone. But I guess the prosecutor didn't, didn't wanna go through his phone like we did. See, wow. When I get discovery there, nothing I won't look at. I'll look at Everything. Why did not go through their client's phone? He took a video of himself from 2020 1, 20 21. I'm sorry. And I guess he, when he turned over the phone, we got the phone also as we're entitled to, we did a dump Emini here. I brought it to an agency that, you know, a it company that does a dump. And I looked at every phone call, every message, and every picture and every video. And I saw these, I was like, woo. I got the metadata. October 19th, 2021. Okay. Right before the incident, he's shooting a nine millimeter with shell casing popping back over his shoulder.


'cause don't forget, our theory was he placed those shell casings, planted them, and, you know, he lied about it. And then he lied about the, the shell cas. Then he lied about where it was. I said, well, where was that shooting range? He said, you know, New Jersey somewhere. Not in California though. Just not in California. And the point of that was he supposedly traveled back to New York after October 19th, came back right before the November 6th incident for ComplexCon or something. And, and he was there. And apparently the point of the, the prosecutor was like, well, he couldn't fly back with shell casings in his back. So even if he shot, you know, in a, a shooting ranger October, a few, two weeks before the incident, he couldn't have flown with shell casings and commercial plane.


Right. We found out the, the shooting range was in Los Angeles. Jesus. Two blocks from the courthouse. Wow. So I'm like, where was the shooting range? And he is like, no, I don't know. And not in Los Angeles though. Not in California. I'm like, really? Oh my goodness. Over the weekend we compared the video to, I went to every shooting range in Los Angeles. Saw the same thing. I was like, got him. And then we, on Monday I came back. He's like, oh, I checked my Instagram. Yeah. It was in Los Angeles. I forgot. I go, oh, you checked your Instagram, huh? Had nothing to do with the post that someone posted one minute before you called the district attorney's office to say, you know, someone had outed him after I went there and showed that it was a, the same shooting range in Los Angeles. So he lied about shooting, he lied about shooting a nine millimeter.


He lied about where he shot the nine millimeter. And so it was just like this series of lies. And then he lied about how he found it out. He pretended he went back to his phone. Just 'cause he wanted to make sure he didn't say anything incorrect. And, and, and he found it. And he called the da. It happened to be about one and a half minute after he was tagged on a post showing his video. Wow. And the shooting engine. It was just, anyway, that's one example of about 30 where, so I finally said to the jury at the end of this, if you can't trust this guy with the matter of importance in your own life or a life of a loved one, which you can never do, and they all agreed with that you can't trust him with a matter of importance in his life being rocky. You just can't. And if you take him outta the equation, there's no proof that there was a shooting.


There is none there could be or it could be not. And that's not proof beyond a reasonable doubt. And that was it. It was a three hour deliberation. Wow. Is it true that he, because you said, you said that, that that you thought that he planted the shell Cas, is it true that the police searched the area? Didn't find no shell casing, but then all of a sudden he came With him a stupid story. So he's claiming Rocky shot two pops and Rocky did shoot two from a, a prop gun star pistol. His whole story as to why he had that. But if he shot two shots from a real nine millimeter 10 minutes, the seven cops came within 10 minutes with searchlights. Those flashlights, they have body cam, thank God they searched the exact spot where this incident happened. Seven cops, 20 minutes.


That's 140 minutes of manpower. And they're looking, they find nothing, nothing. No evidence of a shooting no broken. There's a parking lot right next to it. No cars that were ding nothing. He claims it comes back an hour and 45 minutes later goes to the exact same spot. The cops were searching, bends down and finds the two shell casing Emini here. So what happens now? 'cause I know you mentioned when you walked out the court, like you want them to pursue him for perjury charges. Yeah. Do You I I I want them to, they should Emini here. District attorney's office was and should be embarrassed by this guy Emini here. He absolutely played them like a fiddle. We had a tape, which he first, by the way, a tape of him and, and one of a mutual friend of Rocky Andre's.


And he said that there was a, there was a recording and he said, and when he heard the beginning of the recording, he realized what that was. He was like, oh, that's fake. Get that away from me. That's fake. It's not my voice. It's, it's, it's ai. It's like, that's fake. It's ai. So then I had to call the poor guy who made the recording in Wally Wally. So yeah, that's from Paris. He was in Paris's. Poor guy. So that's my voice. That's really's voice. He said this stuff, I know nothing about this case, but yes, I'm here to authenticate a tape. And on the tape what, what re's saying is, if he gives me 30 million, I'll disappear to an island and they'll never find me. The DA can never find me. And they can't prosecute their case. You know, it's like, you know, and this is his example, not mine.


It's like, you know, when you, when you smack you a bitch and she files charges against you if she doesn't show up, the case is way weaker than she That's what he said on stand. No, he said on the Phone call. Oh, on the phone call. Yeah. So that's his, that's like where his mind goes to. But his thought was, I'm gonna disappear to an island. The DA will never find me. So I stood behind the two district attorneys. I was like, so they'll never find him like, like this. And they're just sitting there like s leaking down in their chairs. I'm like, he tried to sell his criminal case for $30 million. That's called extortion. Okay. So he should be prosecuted for extortion. He admitted perjury. He was caught other times committing perjury when he didn't admit it. Emini here, this guy's a, a, a one man crime spree on the witness stand alone.


Who filed Those charges against him? You, I was about to say, 'cause you told me that you guys have began putting together transcripts and stuff to like, we're together. You got, We're putting together transcripts, we're gonna present, you know, we, we have this video. Fortunately this thing was on tv. So we also have video. We're gonna bring this to the district attorney's office. I'm sure they're looking for a minute and a half. And, and disregard, disregarded, you know, they went after Rocky, like, you know, he was, I don't know, Dillinger or Pablo Escobar Emini here. They got a guy who's, who's not only admitted to Crimes on the stand. They got caught red-handed, committing extortion, lied about it, and tried to sell the case. Now that is to me a perversion of justice. And if you're the district attorney and you have somebody trying to sell your criminal case for $30 million, I'd be mad as hell Emini here.


I used to be a prosecutor. I would go after him with everything I had. But, you know, I don't predict that Will What about the prosecutor? 'cause in this case, right, you look at, at asap, the prosecutor, obviously water. Yeah. That's, that's, that's actually water. It's not monster's. Water. The prosecutor I guess didn't do their homework, right? Not a little bit. Yeah. Right. So now I'm paying, I have to pay for my attorney. I have to pay for everything that they did for me. And they have no consequence at all. You can't sue the district attorney. Nothing. It's just, you just gotta eat that. Yeah. Emini here you do. It's, they have sort of this governmental immunity when they bring charges. As long as they have a good faith basis to bring them, you really can't. The good faith basis is they have a video of rocky holding what appears to be gun.


And they have another video where it, while it's grainy, you do hear on a nest cam, two pops, pop, pop. So, and he had a witness swearing despite the fact that he's, he's, his tongue is a stranger to the truth. He did swear. And so that's enough to isolate them. Gotcha. From, from civil damages. I Didn't understand the prop gun thing though. I was like, why would he be having a prop gun for safety? Like that's Just, yeah, it's, it's actually what happened. But here's why. Rocky, this is 2021. Right? So he was still, you know, he hadn't, he was successful, but he wasn't like rolling in crazy though. So he was successful.


He didn't use full-time security 24 7. He does now, after this incident, he does since that day, what happened was he did DMV video in July of 21. That actually came out in a year later with Rihanna. And in that video there was tons of prop guns and there were a lot, a lot of videos. Like you have those things, right? And so he had just recently gotten slashed in the face at, in a bar. He was jumped. He has a slash it looks like Scarface right now. He has that, he had a stalker current at that time. In July of 2021. He had a stalker, active stalker actually broke through his house. He had home invasions. He was licensed to possess guns in the home, but not to carry his security detail.


And his manager, Lou Levin, ASAP Lou, who was just a great guy and a great witness, said, you have to, if you're not gonna use this full time, you can't carry a gun. But you should at least carry a prop. We can make it look like a real gun just to deter people in case someone's coming up to you. Rolling up and you can take it out. Rocky said, sure, fine. So they took this little Glock, which was really small. You could put it in your pocketbook. It was a rock prop gun. From the video, you can see it's in the video. They put a, an extended magazine on it, a little bell clip to make it look more intimidating. So that's what Rocky carried when he didn't have security. And we had two witnesses testify to that. And, you know, his inner circle knew that.


So he used it because he couldn't carry a real gun, first of all. Number two, he didn't want to carry a real gun. 'cause God forbid he has to use it. Yeah. You know, then you gotta really answer some, some stuff. But, so that's why he carried it. You know, I know people are, that sounds like bs, propa propagate, but what sounds like more Bs is that he had a real gun fired off two nine millimeter shots. No Shell Cas was found by the police. No damage was done anywhere in one of the shots in that grainy video. His friend ASAP Bills and this Israeli were an inch away from like you And I, Charlie, there aren't even as close as they were. And he shoots Someone's dying. Someone's dying. No one got hit. Emini here. It, it's, it was obvious that that was not a real gun o otherwise you would've seen things that you would've seen.


As a matter of fact, the cops on the body cam said, doesn't look like there's any evidence of a shooting here. 'cause no, there it was inches away from where the computers are there, where the screens are. There was a parking lot with cars. It was a pay for parking lot. You know, you shoot a gun, a window's gonna break, something's gonna happen. There was nothing. They searched every car. So I think there's, while I get why the prop gun thing is hard for some people to grasp, there's certainly way less evidence that, that it was real gun than a prop gun.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at and t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


And that's the bottom line. What about this civil suit that Wally filed when every Emini here? Not Wally, I'm sorry, that rally filed when everything first started moving, it was the, it's a defamation suit against Rocky. No, it's an assault suit against Rocky Defamation suit Against me. Against you? Yes. Me. So there's, yeah, there's 12 of 'em. So do you guys, are you now gonna submit to like file for dismissal other The tall ones? Look, I'm, I'm, you know, that case is running its course. I I'm dealing with it on my, you know, own with Rocky Rockey assault case. Emini here. That thing is on life support. Now, obviously, I can't imagine this guy ever wanting to get back on a witness stand again. You know, he, he was, he he, he can't withstand it. Emini here. He was again a horrible witness. Even, you know, there were people inside that courtroom, you know, who, who were there, who were part of this process, who said, how do they proceed with this guy?


How can they proceed? It makes no sense. Yeah. And, and they did, you know, but we had a prosecutor who was held bent on winning, not doing justice, held bent on winning. And when you have that, it's a dangerous thing because, you know, they have the weight of law enforcement behind them. And, and, you know, prosecutor's job, And I used to be one, it's not solely to just secure a conviction, it's to make sure you're doing right. And when a witness continually lies on a witness stand and purge himself, and you know that they are, you know, sometimes okay to take a step back and reevaluate. So in your opinion is because he was, he's a celebrity that, that prosecutor probably thought this was his case. This was the one that's gonna put him on the map. Look, if this would John, look, this prosecutor has quite a history, let's put it that way. He was the durst prosecutor.


Okay. So he was then sidelined and bench for some misconduct that apparently had committed in the regard the Durst case. I don't need to get into it now, but Yep. It was his like coming back party. He, this was the first big trial since Durst after the old DA put him to some administrative part. Right? So he took this, so like, this was his chance to come back. High profile case on tv. He wanted a, you know, this was his comeback party. And you know, he got schooled. He got schooled and he got put back in his little corner because he was, and he was nasty. I gotta be honest with you, I don't like saying that I, again, 120 jury trials I've had and I've gone head to with, with opponents, with adversaries who have been hard charges like me. I can respect that.


We don't have to like each other, but we can respect each other and, and not make it personal. This guy was off the rails. But then I spoke to other lawyers like David Chesno who tried, who was a great lawyer from Las Vegas who tried the Durst case. He said he almost went to blows with him. Which, you know, we came close a few times too. Guy got right in my face that Brooklyn almost came out You, huh? That Brooklyn was out, doesn't ever go away. But when this guy got into my face, I looked at him And I said, you're gonna get hurt. You're making a mistake. I knew you need to back up, man real quick. And, and you know, Whatever. It was just did did you, did you have that coat before or after the case? No. He been getting, no, I had this before. It's freezing outside, dude. Okay. Barely whiz. You Should've asked about the watch knew watch before.


That's what you should have asked was on he a Michael Jackson case too. Yeah, yeah. In Santa Barbara. Wow. Yeah. How Was that? That was crazy too. That was really crazy. Mero was the lead lawyer in that case when I was younger. But it was, yeah, it was a nutty case. And that was, you know, that was another sort of travesty of justice Emini here. Whatever issues Michael had, that was not the right case to bring against him. He was innocent, he was found not guilty. And, you know, I worked with his manager, Frank Cacio, and then when I resolved Frank's case, they asked me to stay out and work with Michael And I did. And that case was, yeah, Emini here. It was sad because, and, and he was already under the, you know, influence of Dr. Murray at that point. And it was, you know, you could see there was something missing.


What I, I wanna know what you learned from these cases, right? Because to me, I always say it's gotta be extremely difficult to be in this game nowadays with social media. 'cause don't they tell jurors, Hey, you're not supposed to watch television. You're not supposed to, yeah. Turn on the radio. But how do you, how do they not, how do you not be on YouTube? How do you not be on your phone? How do you not see all of these things? You Don't have to be on YouTube. Emini here, I opened my phone and there was the thing of our case, like, you know, right there, like on, on social media comes at you. You don't have to go look for it, it comes at you. So I don't really know how that works anymore. You know, you have to trust that the jurors are gonna listen to the court's instructions, which are do not read about this case. If you see something, don't look at it, go past it. But human, human beings are human beings.


Right. Emini here. The more you tell 'em that, the more they're gonna be like, what, what, what's out there? I wanna look at it. Right? So I don't believe that they are completely insulated from all the press and stuff like that. I think at the end of the day though, they, they do make their decisions on what they see. And I, I, I deal with that, my summation by saying, look, you know, people who come in and outta the courtroom and sit for 10 minutes of testimony or the most important day or the summations, they don't know this case. You are the only ones who've sat here for four weeks for every minute of every of the testimony. And you are the only ones who know all the facts.


So whatever anyone else is saying, I think it's irrelevant. What matters is what you think. You are the judges of the facts in this case. You, and, and you know, I empower that jury and we did it here. Do you have, what's crazy about this case though is this, this, we're in downtown LA right? In this court, same floor as the OJ trial. We were the courtroom across from it, right? 'cause this is where all the high profile cases go there on the ninth floor, the OJ trial. And again, very close friends with, with Johnny. He was very, he was my mentor. Bob Shapiro's, a dear friend of mine. They had eight black jurors downtown Los Angeles. Right? Is fine. Fair. We in our jury selection in Rocky's case, I didn't get to say hello to a black juror.


Wow. I didn't, it's not like we, we didn't pick one. We didn't even get to say hello. Out of 106 jurors that were brought in for the panel, four were African American four, and the first one was like number 70. Mm. So I couldn't get to them unless like the first 30 jurors decided they weren't showing up or something. It was, it was troubling to me. And Reverend Sharpton came out hard. He called me, he's like, Joe, am I reading this right? Oh yeah. Wherever you are. And, and you know, Reverend Sharpton came out and put out a really harsh statement just to make sure that he got a fair trial. And so, look, I, I didn't, and I'm not, I grew up in Brownsville, Brooklyn. Okay. Woo. I thought I was a light skinned black kid growing up. So I didn't even know the difference. And I never judge people by the color.


This came only by the content of the character. Right. And so for me, it, it doesn't really matter if I see good people. If I, I wanted smart, good people here And I believe I got them. Obviously we got them. So, so, but I believed I had them. So it wasn't so much, we didn't have a black person. We needed a black person. But I did tell this jury at the end, some point during that summation, I said, no, you represent the conscious of this community. You decide what's right and what's wrong. 'cause you're gonna send the message out. But you represent the entire community. And when I say the entire community Emini here, the community, you're all from different parts of Los Angeles. Right. And also you represent Compton and Englewood. And I just said that to make sure, and and, and Rocky told me he was really moved by that.


'cause obviously that's a large African American population. Compton Englewood. And I said that, just remind this jury, you're representing his peers also. You're supposed to have a jury of peers. There was like, you know, none representing. But, but we were good. We were good because I just got jurors who Emini here. I had a rocket scientist on this jury. You understand what I'm saying? I didn't even know that was a real thing. I thought you say, oh no rocket. I'm like, yo, oh, you're no rocket scientist. I thought it was just a phrase. This woman was a rocket scientist. She was a scientist who built rockets. Wow. Spaceships. I was like, I said, you are really a rocket scientist. I was like, I want you just like, so we had a rocket scientist on the street.


We had a smart jury. Wow. We Had a, a gun. There was someone who worked on weapons, right? Yeah. We had a woman who was a pistol instructor. We thought that you weren't gonna want her on that case. A lot of people thought, thateveryone thought That. I love that. Yeah. I love when people, people think they know more than I Do the Twitter. I love that Twitter. The Twitter, the Twitter jury, we were breaking it down and we were like, there's no way that he's gonna want her on that case, but it's telling if he does or he doesn't, I want her. And when you welcome her, I was like, oh, he's so smart. Yep. I wanted her because the, the ballistics evidence actually worked in our favor in this case. One, two, her dad was a criminal defense attorney. Oh, Okay. I didn't know that Fact. I also thought she would understand. And then she said one other thing during jury selection, you know, I talked about right now Rocky's intention was always to testify.


Always. But we decided, we had crippled their case so badly at the end that I didn't wanna shift the focus of re's glorious train wreck to, to Rocky's testimony. And we decided it wasn't worth him testify because he already had the witnesses. He was just gonna corroborate or, or, or reaffirm what witnesses already testified to. And then that prosecutor would be yelling at him for four days. You know, that's, which, that makes sense. I brought, I put on a witness for 10 minutes that he cross examined for three and a half hours screaming at him. Which didn't go over well, I don't think. But the jury. But putting that aside, I didn't wanna get away from Riley's testimony. I didn't want that to be too much time between the end, the summations and his testimony. So we, we didn't call Rocky, but we planned on it.


But still, I asked the jurors, I asked the jurors, I said, do any of you have a problem if the defendant doesn't testify? Because you know, the judge gonna instruct you. You can't consider that. And that juror, the pistol instructor whose father was a criminal defense attorney, looked at me and said, I wouldn't testify as I was, if I were a criminal defendant, there's no way I would testify. And I just remember that thinking, okay, she gets it. She understands. She understands. Right. She understands why that's important. 'cause most people say no, why wouldn't he testify if I were innocent? I wanna testify. It's not that simple. It's just not that simple. The celebrity helper hurt. And I, And I, And I, it's, it's kind of a little layered question, but like, you know, I ask the celebrity helper hurt in cases like this, because I know when you're a juror they'll ask you questions about Rocky. But did they ask the jurors about Rihanna?


A lot of They did. Yeah. They went in obsessed With Rihanna. It was Ridiculous. Emini here. Okay, that might get stolen though. We got a microphone here. Forgot that might gets stolen. I'm just Sue you prosecutor. All right. Go ahead. ASAP Joe. Got people out here. Don't even That's Right. You know, they were obsessed with, I loved it. Emini here. They were just so obsessed with Rihanna. I didn't make her part of this case. She wasn't part of the case. The jury knows who Rihanna is. They know who she's compared, you know, in relation to Rocky. They saw her there every day. So I didn't need to inject her into the case to make it like we were playing on her, her celebrity status on, quite frankly, I don't think jurors were gonna acquit him because oh, here's Rihanna. So let's, you know, be damned with the evidence.


Let's just acquit him. But they were so obsessed with focusing on Rihanna. Oh, Rihanna don't, you know, you have to treat everyone equally because Rihanna's here, it was like, keep going man. Just keep going. Keep reminding them that Rihanna's here and, and talk about her. 'cause if I did that, it would look like I was, I was pandering. I don't think that mattered at all. I honestly don't Emini here. I think they looked at the evidence Emini here. Look, if, if re turned out to be a great witness And I couldn't destroy him like I did, I don't think, I don't think the jury would care that Rihanna was sitting there The first couple days though of the trial of it. She wasn't there. But then she came that Wednesday, right? I believe it was that Wednesday. Right. Right. And we, yeah. Why did, why wasn't she there those first couple days?


'cause the kids were in New York with her because the LA fires were still going. Oh, okay. And they're very protective Emini here. She, she's a mother hen. You know, she's really protective of those boys. And you know, the, the air quality was really bad that first week of that trial. And my eyes were like, walk outta court. I was staying downtown LA from, so I had a two block walk to my hotel and it was, it was pretty bad. Emini here. The, the, the you, you felt something. You smelled something. So I think it was an air quality issue. And she kept the boys away and she doesn't go anywhere without those kids. So she wasn't gonna leave them in New York and come here. So, but she, you know, we knew this was gonna be a long trial. Yeah. So she made It. Well, our name and the next baby a Oh sorry.


Cut you off. No, go ahead. The name of the next baby after you ASAP Joe. Huh? ASAP Joe. Yeah, she told me that. So that means we not gonna gonna get a Rihanna album 'cause they about to have to make a baby. So it's all your fault. Sorry. Sorry. But Rocky's album's coming out soon and that thing is fire. Mm. Emini here. I heard some songs on that. Oof Emini here. I'm, you know, he does some, he's a little different. Like he's not, you know, but he, this next album is gonna be different than anything I've ever heard. Anyway. I'm Not, I like, can you skated around that? Think you gonna be in the wedding. I see what you did there. You think you're gonna be in the wedding? If I'm not the best man, there's a problem. I was gonna, okay, I was gonna ask, you know, when you take a case, do you have to believe the person? I have to believe in the person. Ooh, okay. There's a Difference.


Break that down. Yep. So look, I don't pre-judge anyone. I'm not the judge during an execution. All right? I've represented people who have probably done what they've been accused of doing, but it doesn't mean they're bad people and don't deserve representation. You know, if we all had our worst 10 minutes of our lives captured on video or something like that, I don't think we'd all be happy. Right? If I love a person or think that really good people and they just made a mistake, I could deal with that. I'm not gonna suborn perjury. I'm not gonna make up a story, but I'll help them get through it. And that sometimes that means just mitigating the, the, the, the damage. Right? Sometimes, you know, with, with Meek's case, for example, right?


Meek, you know, committed a crime. He plead guilty to it. But this judge in Philly was obsessed with him and was, had him under probation for over 10 years. No one ever, ever. And he was a kid, he was a teenager when his crimes committee, 10 years later, he's still in the probation. If he came to court with White Sox, boom, two more years probation, she wanted him under his thumb. She wanted him to make a record about her Emini here. It's like she was, there was a, an issue going on there. So it wasn't like we were saying Meek was innocent, innocent. But he served his, his his, you know, his sentence. And he was being abused by the system. And the district attorney came around and agreed with us. And eventually I got that dismissed.


We resolved the case. And you know, that judge was, was relocated to a civil park. You a legend. Joe did. Yeah. Did you, did you know that the free McNeil movement was gonna be as big as it was when you, you signed onto that crazy because it got, it grew so insanely. That Was crazy. No. 'cause what I first, at first, you know, honestly, you know, I, I didn't realize how big that was and how loved that guy was, especially in Philly. Emini here. Oof. He's like Rocky in Philly, right? And so I called Reverend Al, who I'm very close with, and, and Reverend I said, can you come to Philly with me and to visit him in jail and maybe, you know, make a stand here. This judge is really giving them the once over and you know, I think I need your help on this one.


And Reverend said to me, one thing, is he a good guy, Joe? Am I gonna get embarrassed or is he a good guy? I said, no, no, Reverend, you will not get embarrassed here. It's worth it. He's a good guy. And more importantly, he's getting, he's getting run over by the system and he has a wherewithal, he has a voice. You know, that means 99% of the people in that system in in Philly don't have that voice, don't have the wherewithal, and again, trampled on. And it's true. They reformed. You know, that whole probation system in Philadelphia because of, of Meek in our case, it, it, it put a spotlight on it. You know, so it was, it was, it was an important case for a lot of reasons.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxw.com.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's Up with Hate. How did you get your reputation? Like how did you become the person that people like Donald Trump and Daniel Snyder and Michael Jackson as asap, all that. How do you become that guy? You know, results, at the end of the day, it's results, right? Emini here, You had to have a first big case that, that put Your name on you.


I was a prosecutor. Okay. Was Deputy chief of Homicide in Brooklyn, you know, And I, I did well there, but then I left and, you know, I was doing well. I, my first case was a, a police corruption case, then called the Morgue Boys. Those guys were, cops were alleged to have been robbing drug dealers in East New York. And then splitting 'em up in the, and in morgue factory up process. This is gimme power. And that was what, just gimme Power, like the 50 cent show. But go ahead. Yeah. So anyway, that, that was my first, it was on the front page of New York Times. So I'm like a month out of the, the DA's office. And I have this nationally important case, you know, very important case. And I got my guy off, I got an acquittal. And from there I went on some talk shows to talk about it.


And then I started Was that The Kenneth Marino case or that something? No, that's later. Oh, that's later. Okay. This was the Morgue Boys. This was like, you know, Michael Dowd was the main witness, the Molin commission that was like, this was, we're talking about like, oh, 90, early nineties. Gotcha. And then, then, you know, just sort of steamrolled from there a little bit. I started getting Case after case. I started representing a lot of cops at first, and then rappers like Rakim came to me on a little thing. Foxy, right? Foxy put out a great post yesterday or something like that. A picture of us. I looked like I was 12 years old in that picture. Mm. But Foxy was awesome. My God, who's, who's, I had all these like old school gangster rappers, right?


Sticky fingers for Monarchs, you know, and, and stuff like that. And so I started getting to that world a little bit, just, you know, and I'm working hard. And then, you know, I had some good case, I had some good wins. People didn't think I was gonna win these cases. And I started winning cases. And then Johnny came Cochrane fresh off the heels of oj right? So, and he looked me up, someone said something about me and he looked me up. He said, I heard a lot of good things about you. And I got a call from him And I'm like, oh, okay. Yeah, it's Johnny Cochrane. Sure. He's, I didn't believe it, I didn't know him. And he said, can you meet me at my office? I was like, okay, I'm gonna check your office again. I thought this was like a candy camera prank or something. I went there and it was him. And he just like, I love your style. I love what you do. I've seen your work.


I've read your transcripts. You're gonna be a star. You're gonna be me. And I was like, really? You think that? And Emini here, I was confident in myself. I, you know, I had some good wins early on, and he just like, just, yes, let's, let's, let's hang together and let's do some things together. I'm like, okay. I was like, oh my God. You know, Johnny Cochrane. And, and it helped. It was, it was a great thing for me. And I, wasm still a young lawyer and you know, he's then sent me some work and then it just happens. You know? Then once you win a big case and you know, you're in the game, then all of a sudden it just started, it just started that way. I got foxy, you know, off of a few things. She had a little cell phone problem, kept slipping outta of her hands, hitting people in the head. My accent.


Do you ever fear any retaliation? 'cause you know, they, they described you, they described you as the most hated a lawyer in New York City because you take on a lot of controversial cases. Yeah. Charlemagne, that was, I love that, that they described it. It was one anonymous prosecutor's ass. I kicked And I know the case. That was a quote to the New York Post, of course, the New York Post. And I sat most hey lawyer in there, York. No one person said that. I'm, I'm, I'm sure a lot of people hate me. Nope. No. And I don't give a crap if a lot of people hate me. I know I can look myself in the mirror. I'm a hard charger. I don't look to make friends. When I go into a courtroom, I look to defend the person I'm standing next to. And if it means I ruffle a few feathers, so be it. I really don't care. But, you know, it's not controversial cases.


Anyone who's charged with bad things, you know, needs a criminal defense attorney. I don't know if that makes it controversial, but Yes. They they're talking about the rape cops. Rape cops case. Yeah. That, that was the kid of Marino case. Yeah. That was Marino, which I won. And no one thought they could win. 'cause he was on wire. She was wired and he acknowledged what, what they claim he did, and How do you win something like that. Well, I, I said basically he told her what she wanted to hear, to calm her down. And I used science in that case. That case was a science case. That, that was scientifically that, that it wasn't consistent with the rape. And, And I believed him, by the way, just so you know, and, and you know, we put on, we put on scientific evidence And I had him testify and he described his actions of conduct and it wasn't all right.


He did make misconduct. Like he, he know he was a recovering alcoholic. She was blackout drunk and he was trying to help her. And so he went back to the apartment multiple times that night. But the jury believed him. And, and that jury was also another, I picked smart juries when I need people to understand intricate defenses. I had five Ivy Leagues on that jury. That was, which people are like, you're crazy. They, most people think defense attorneys want the dumbest juries you could find. I, I don't, I want people who could understand what the burdens are. The proof beyond a reasonable doubt to me is, you know, you don't talk, we don't walk around going, Hey, look, I don't know, did you prove that beyond a reasonable doubt to me, you don't do that in a daily life. Right? But that's the highest standard of law allowed Emini here, you know, in a civil case, mere preponderance, I could bankrupt you take your money, take your house on a 51% to 49% verdict.


That's mere preponderance, right. Preponderance of ends criminal case that that doesn't mean anything. I could take your child away on clear and convincing evidence. Right. That's the standard higher than preponderance. I could literally, a parent could lose custody of a child on clear and convincing evidence that is not enough to convict someone in this country. You have to go to the highest standard of law permits, which is proof beyond a reasonable doubt. And and when I sort of make sure the jury understands how high that is, it's not, he probably committed the crime. It's not, I think he committed the crime. It's not, it's very likely he committed the crime. It's not, I'm almost certain he committed the crime. It's, I have no reason to doubt he committed the crime. Mm. That's a real high standard. And I have to make sure the jury understands that. And then I list the reasons to doubt.


So, you know, it's, I take on these cases that I believe in. I've turned down a lot of cases, a lot of cases that could be lucrative or even very high profile. Harvey Weinstein was one. He'd try to hire me And I wouldn't. Why, why, why not? Weinstein? I told you that thing about having a bond with somebody. Yeah. Feeling like, you know, people have been charged some horrific things. But I liked, I could tell there, there was good inside of the more, I just had a good connection with him. You didn't feel that with him? No. No. Did not feel with him? No. Did not feel that with him. Let Me ask you a question again. Oh, on real, real quick, because that's interesting. With the, with the, you represented Donald Trump in the Stormy Yeah. Daniel's case. Was that ever, was there ever even a chance of you winning that?


And I, and the reason I ask that is because Not in Manhattan, it Was politicized. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. It was politicized. It was all over the media. Everybody knew it was the target on Trump. Yep. Like they wanted to nail it. No Doubt. That was not a case that would've been brought for anyone. And Emini here that whether, whatever your opinions are of Trump, I'm talking about the defendant. That case would never have been brought if it were not him. It was a case of first impression Emini here, think about it. It was a settlement of a, a personal matter. Right. An alleged, you know, affair consensual, nothing like, but, you know, she was basically trying to get money from him to keep it quiet. He paid her, whether it happened or didn't happen is irrelevant. He paid her some money.


End of story. He didn't take a tax deduction on it. He didn't file it in his campaign thing. Emini here. He paid her personal money. Somehow they tried to make that into a false filing in his own records. So because he put, you know, payment, legal fees or whatever in his internal records, district attorney charged him. I never understood how it, how that Was a charge. It's not, it's not. It wasn't. And it, it, I don't think it would've held up in court. But, you know, all the things that happened have happened. I, I actually didn't try that guy. I stepped out from representing him after that. I beat the rape charge for Gene Carroll. That's the one I was involved in. Oh, okay. Okay. He was charged rape allegation and we won that. He was then clipped with sexual misconduct, sexual and, and defamation of her.


But, and, and you look, here's the bottom line. He cannot win a New York jury trial. He just can never do it. It's just never happening. You know? So that's, that's, that's a different thing. That was a different thing altogether, you know. And is there like a ethics thing for your attorneys where like, 'cause I'm just sitting here thinking like you representing Trump, like people right now love everything about what you're doing because of asap. Right. But I'm sure during you representing Trump Yeah. They probably thought you were like, they hated you. Exactly. Some And then the others love me. Like, it's like, you know, when I represented Lilo Brodo, right. The Sopranos actor, he killed the police officer. Yeah. Allegedly. He didn't, allegedly. Yes. I'm sorry.


No, show me. It's alright. Yeah. His, the guy, he, they, he and some other guy were breaking in to get some drugs from a house. They were both addicts, like crazy addicts. They were going into a, a house of a friend who used to give them drugs and he was already dead. So the drugs were in break in. Cop is, the neighbor sees it, the other guy shoots him dead. Lido doesn't have a gun. He doesn't know what, the guy has a gun. The other guy got life in prison and Lido went to trial. They charged him, him murder. Mm. Accessory to murder, which is the same as murder. And we beat that. And we beat it because we had to, you know, present the case with Leo testified. And, you know, we prove that he did not know that this other guy Armento had a gun. Now, you know, I just told you I represent all these cops in different cases, major cases, Leman case, all these cases that day.


Oh, the cops hated you. Emini here. Pat Lynch was like, you know, in the whole, we almost had a fist fight. Like, so, you know, I'm a chameleon. I guess I'm representing who I represent at that particular moment. Mm. You know, when I represented Trump, a lot of people hate me for that. When I represent, when I represent someone like, you know, Rocky or Meek, other people hate me for that. Right. And I don't care. I don't lose sleep. I have mirrors as long as I can look in the mirror And I do the right thing And I don't mess around. Like I, you know, and as again, as long as I'm comfortable, like with the, with the, with the Trump thing, I thought those, the case I got involved in I thought were absolute bs. I really did.


There were certain cases I wouldn't get involved in. When you, when you take a step back. Right. And, And I'm sure people have asked you 1,000,001 times and you look at, for example, this Diddy case. Yeah. Would you do a lot of things different than his attorneys actually doing? Because it seems like they're already losing and it just, it doesn't make sense. What would you do different? Well, I I I wouldn't go out in the press and make pronouncements that are later disproved quickly because you, you tend to lose credibility. Emini here. Yeah. Man, there's this whole thing, like this stupid baby oil thing, right. Who cares, first of all, how many miles of baby lotion he had in his damn house, right? But that became like this, this, this battle line. And, and they went out and said, oh, you know, he just bought 'em in bulk at, at, at Costco right down the block from his house.


And that's, that's why he has it so big. No big deal. He bought baby oil. First of all, it's a thousand bottle. No one buys a thousand bottle of lotion in bulk. But that was what he said, of course that then Costco then comes out with a statement. No, we've never sold baby lotion in our life. Jesus. We don't, not one Costco store ever sold baby lotion. So boom, now it looks like somebody's lying. Right. You don't need that kind of stuff. Or the Cassie video too. And the they came out strong before the video dropped that. Right. But that was before he charged him. Yeah. Now look, here's the thing with the Cassie video, that's horrible. It's cringeworthy, right? You don't do that. You don't put your hand on a woman. I don't care what the story is, just I wouldn't anyway. Not how I grew up. Right? But that's not, that's not, what does that have to do with these non-consensual, what are they called?


Freak off things. Freak off. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What did that part, what did that video have to do with that though? Right? And, And I would say, well, and that's the one count of the trafficking. She's the one person in the trafficking count. Like what does that video have to do? Okay, maybe you should be charged with domestic violence in state court. But what does that have to do with a, a non-consensual freak off where people are being alleged to have non-consensual, you know, sex because they're drugged up and they're being gang raped or whatever. I don't see why that video was. So, of course that video has been played and showed and people think like, oh, he's guilty, but he's guilty of what? Like assault of a, a woman who was his girlfriend.


That doesn't make me guilty of everything else. Now I don't know enough about the case. I was asked to take a look at the case as another case. I said I would not be interested really. I just wouldn't be. No, same, Same reason. Connection is, It's different a little bit. I represent Rock Nation, a lot of people in rock. I'm very close with, with, with Jay and Desiree Perez, who's most amazing. Like, love him, bomb of a boss, Jay, love him. Amazing. You know, Jay Brown. All those people are are just like, they really are special, special people. And they, you know, that's sort of family to me. And you know, I don't think they're, they're sort of See eye to eye on things. See Eye to eye with. Last question on that, Diddy, do you think he should have got Hold, hold.


Say that again please. I don't think they see eye to eye with P Diddy. I Just wanna throw that out there. Becausecause. You know, remember everybody was saying they were best friends? They were like Jay when, when Jay said they weren't friends, everybody was like Uhuh. They weren't in pictures together all the time. Oh, Okay. Everyone was a picture. Pete Diddy, at one time or another I went to a party. But when things got real years and years ago, you know, They didn't see eye to eye. Do you think he should have got a bail? And do you think he didn't get a bail? Because Yes, he should have got a bail. That I did Break that down because I said the same thing. People thought I was crazy. No, no, no. What what Emini here he was willing, first of all, there was another mistake I thought they made saying, oh, he'll have a a bra, ankle bracelet and stay in this mansion in Miami And monitor who comes in and not right. He, he, the case in New York, staying at a a resort in Miami with a pool is not exactly really something I would offer up to a court.


What I would've said, remember that guy DKS the, the, the, the French guy who was charged here with the rape of a maiden hotel, I forget his name. Dominic tro, Dominic Strauss Khan, his bail, he got bail. And the reason he got bail was he said, I'll rent a place here in New York. I will stay inside. I'll have, I'll pay for security and I'll have a brace on. That's a concession. I think maybe if they had done that from the beginning, that may have been something that happened. Look, I don't, you know, there's a presumption of innocence that we still have to not riff. You know, people have forgotten that in this country a lot. He is innocent right now.


He did. He's innocent. Whatever you think of him, whatever you think the, you know, the evidence will be, no one's seen a minute of testimony yet. He's presumed innocent until, and unless the prosecution proves that case beyond a reasonable doubt, they may do it one day, but not today. And, and, you know, to get, to keep someone in jail for a year awaiting trial, they have to either be a, a flight risk or a danger of community or, or, or they've done something so horrific like a murder. Right. Where, you know, bail is not necessarily common. This is a, a, a case of having parties that got out of hand and, and there's allegations of, you know, sexual misconduct.


Okay. I just don't see how you as an attorney, it can do. Like, when, when the court of public opinion has already convicted somebody, which it seems like they have with Diddy, that's gotta make your job so difficult than to call the law. Like I don How, how do you I don know because every juror turns on the news. It's all over the news. Yeah, I don it's on social media. And even with the video you mentioned, I feel like even though he's not Emini here, not he's not convicted of anything in relation to that video, but the picture that it paints, I don't see how an attorney wins after that. Because You have, well, you have to be smart. Look,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025. So by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate


In, in the rape cops case, for instance, I'll tell you an example of Rocky also in the rape cops case, these guys before trial were called rape cops. Rape cops were picking a jury. They called the rape cops case, not alleged rape cops, case rape cops. I fronted with the jury. I said, you guys understand that they've been called rape cops for years before you heard a minute of testimony. They've been deemed to have committed a crime. You guys should take offense to that because we as a society don't want to be judged by the present deemed guilty before we've had a a chance absolutely to have a a due process, a hearing. We then saw failing as a side. If we do that, look a great example, modern day example, not so much modern anymore, but still in relatively recent is that Richard Jewel guy.


Remember that guy from the Atlanta Olympics? The, they used, they made a movie great. One of the best movies ever called Jewel was that he was the heavy security guard, the bomber, they to the Olympic bomber and the Atlantic Olympics. They said he was the guy with the fat guy who planted, they said planted a bomb in the Atlantic Olympics that went off. And they, you know, they FBI was all over him. He was, you know, he was a sort of a sort of a hapless guy. A guy was a security guard. And they say he planted his bomb and he was condemned and The World had convicted him. As a matter of fact, you know, there was that Ted Kaczinski, the Montana bomb, the uni bomber. So they called this guy to make fun of him, the uni blubber. And, and it was basically they condemned him and they, he, there was no lawyer would touch his case and he didn't have any money.


And some, like, you know, lawyer who worked in Social War services basically said, well lemme see, I don I don't think I help you. But he started looking at it and all of a sudden, little by little things didn't add up. And the FBI was playing some games. And it turned out this guy was stone cold, innocent. And he was actually a hero. He was actually trying to move the bag that blew up and people saw him next to it and they thought he was the guy who planted it. And he was exonerated. He was a totally 100% exonerated, but his life was over. Like how did, he had a year of being called a, a murderer, a bomber, a terrorist, making fun of him, calling him the uni blubber and, and you know, because the truth was never as loud as the lie, right? Yeah. And then, and then, and then what happens?


He died of a heart attack like six months later. Like he just was, his heart was broken, his life was over and it was really sad. It's a great movie called Jewel. It's called Jewel. And if, you know, you wanna see how our system could really screw up a life? Watch that movie Scared you. Do you feel like as a community we don't do enough as far as jury duty, duty is concerned? Yes. Like you talk about 170 people and there was five And I, I talked about this on the air. A lot of times it's effed up. 'cause we don't wanna go to court, we don't want to spend that time. But then when we do something wrong or when we're on trial, we don't have our peers Presented. Yeah. You know, that's what some people told me. You know, they were like, I'm like, how could this be? I thought it was a, I really, I thought it was a plant.


Like I was like, they they're setting this up. They're set. This is set up. There's no way in downtown la you know, they moved, they were thinking about moving the OJ trial to Santa Monica to get it outta downtown LA 'cause so there wouldn't be so many blacks, right? And the DA said, no, no, we don't wanna give the appearance that we're doing that. So, 'cause it was on the heels of Rodney King. So they kept in downtown LA and you had, you know, eight black jurors when they filed in. I was like, I'm like Emini here. I was the blackest guy in the room, aside from Rocky like me. So I'm like, what is going on here? And it was just, it was odd. But so someone said to me, well, you know, the summons go out the jury, somethings go out. We can't force people to respond and show up, you know.


So I'd say to the community, you gotta, you gotta show up to represent because then, then you know, the day we need and we being this community, the, the day that that's needed to be represented. So you have a juror of your peers. You know, if you don't show up, you're, you're, you're failing each other. And I think that's important. You that's a great point. Did you Have, I have one more Diddy question and then another ASAP question. Alright. So for Diddy, would you have advised him if you were, if you were his attorney when Cassie first reached out to just, and She was, my God, just pay the money, listen To me. That was the, honestly, And I don't, I hate bad talking to other attorneys, 'cause attorneys who do that. And believe me, there was so many jealous people of me that I've heard people say, oh, he's not a good trial leader, he is not a good this And I, all I do is win.


And then it, this last case on national tv, so people could see me cross examine, see my five hour summation with like, holy cow. But you know, there are haters out there and people who Just say negative things to make themselves feel better. 'cause they don't have good self worth. Right? Anyone talks negatively about other people publicly anyway. It's just 'cause they, they feel better about themselves. I truly believe that, that being said, I don't like the bad mouth of the lawyers, but I'm just gonna talk facts here. That strategy, that was, that was a legal train wreck. What happened with Diddy? Because this all could have been avoided. This all could have been avoided. He had that case where with, with Cassie, right? And it was all about a civil case. Civil, there was no prosecutors involved. There was no FBI, nothing.


They wanted a settlement. And you know, these lawyers said, you know, no, they were closed. No, but no. And they said, well, we're gonna file a lawsuit if you don't give us a settlement and like, you know, go ahead then bad, bad move. You know, especially Knowing a tape exists and all that. Like, that's insane. No one, Cassie, I think he, they underestimated her, her voice, like what she was going to do and how people would consider More estimated, how people gonna respond. Look, in this day and age, now this day and age, the cancel culture, right? My god, people get accused of anything gone. You're gone. Like, that's it. You don't even get a chance to defend yourself. Just the accusation is enough to cripple somebody and destroy a career. Right? So that happens.


He went from being on top of the hill, you know, there were whispers always about him, whatever, but he went from being on top of the hill to boom, like the pariah. No one wanted to even pretend they knew him. And, and look what happened. They filed that lawsuit. And what do you get? You get red ink end of The World headlines, right? Did he rapist all this crazy stuff? And what do they do the worst? Once you let that happen, you now have to fight. You have to fight that suit. You have to. But instead, the day after they filed it, they settled. And so what that was was an admission and then it opened up the floodgates. You notice what happened right after that, right? That's right. Woo. Everyone who ever met him, me too.


I want the money to like, yeah, he did to me. And that was 20, 30, 40. Then the FBI was like, wait, well what all these women, so some of 'em were going to law enforcement, some were going to civil attorneys, but it was an avalanche that came around him. And only reason it happened is because they didn't sell that case civilly. Because if that Cassie case was settled and went away, no would've heard anything, nothing. There were no other people coming after Diddy and until that thing was filed, right? But if so, if you're gonna settle, you settle before they filed the lawsuit, that that's what you're settling for, to prevent that public damage. Right? But you don't let them file it and then settle a day later. That's the worst of all worlds because then it's, it's in mission and then bam.


And you can't give him the benefit of the doubt because, you know, he lied to us about casting and the video comes out. So now it's just like everything else you hear, you're like, I don't know what's true and what's not true. And none of that would've happened if he settled, which is crazy. If he had to do rollover again, you know, he'd give her a hundred million whatever, because what's his life worth? 'cause now I I wanna ask you something too. I I only got a couple more questions. You, you, you, you worked on the Michael Jackson case. Is it true that Johnny Cochran told Michael Jackson once, don't settle if you don't settle with anybody? 'cause when you settle, you become a piggy bank. Yep. Wow. Yeah. Do you feel that way? For, for all cases? Not for all cases. I think each case is different, right? Look what Michael was different.


A few Michael sell the case somehow. It was out there in the press, right? That was Michael was Michael, there's only one Michael Jackson. Right? So I know Johnny did say that to him, but he was right to say that to him. But not every case. But, you know, sometimes the settlement is a good thing because it just, not because you did it or because you won admission, but you, I can just take Diddy as an example. Sometimes the settlement will save more money than you could ever imagine later. And more heartache. Well, he actually did it. I'm talking about people who, 'cause I've, I've seen cases where people would settle just because they don't want the bad press nuisance and they don't want to end up spending a whole bunch of money in court for the next four or five years.


Yes, a hundred Percent. I've represented some very, very famous people without a case ever become public that have settled because it's not worth it. Just the allegation is not worth it. And they'll pay money even though they proclaim they're innocence, but they're like, but yeah, but okay, so I met this person so there is, they can prove that they know me or met me. And now I have to then fight like, and, and, and go after this. But yet all under the cloud of suspicion. And again, in this day and age, when you're, when you're accused of something, it's like, you know, you, you all of a sudden are guilty. And if you challenge the accusation, you're victimizing the victim even though they're not a victim yet.


Right? Like, that drives me crazy. You can't even defend yourself. So if someone accused me of sexual misconduct And I said, she's a liar or she's made these false claims before, oh, how you're victimized the victim all over again and then she become a victim. Alright? That, that's the allegation. I'm telling you I'm innocent, I'm gonna fight this. So I, you know, but now if you defend yourself, you're, you know, you're a pariah, so it just, it's yes. How so people do settle all the time, what's called a nuisance settlement, you know, just to make sure that they don't wind up on the front page of New York post TMZ and you know, on The Breakfast Club. And I, I got three more questions. You got, you got one more question too.


Got an ASAP Question, right? Yeah. I have an ASAP question. Okay. I just saw just now that he was named the first ever creative director of Ray Band. Yeah. ASAP Rocky. And I remember after the case happened, you talked about, and you talked about it here, like telling Gucci to hold off on the Gucci guilty Gucci, which is an amazing scent by the way. I know, I know. But telling him to hold off And I, I just, I'm, I think for me, when I heard you talk about that, And I'm seeing this now, I think about, even though he was proven innocent, were there people who walked away like in the midst of this? No, everybody. So I was dealing with all of them. Emini here I was, I was like on conference call of, conference call, Gucci, Puma, all these different brands who worked with Rocky, who wanted to know what was going on, giving him updates.


And I would tell them, we're gonna win. We're gonna win, we're gonna win. But you gotta wait. Gucci guilty was my biggest heart attack 'cause of all things to be called the colon. Gucci guilty. And, and they wanted to roll it out before Valentine's Day. And I'm like, that would've Been so Dumb. Its middle of the trial. I'm gonna be summing up on Valentine's Day. Can you do me a favor and just wait another week? They're like, well it's Valentine's Day. I'm like, I I don't care. They're called Gucci not guilty. How about that? Put a little knot in there and then let it roll. But you can't call Gucci guilty. So what they did was we compromised, they put the ad out with Rocky in it, holding the bottle of cologne. And there was no Gucci guilty. It was just the cologne and Rocky. But if you looked at the bottle, you had to get real close. It would say Gucci guilty on the bottle. But they didn't put those big letters.


Now there's all the big letters and now I don't care. Right. I got so, so now I don't care. But that was nuts. I got two more questions. How did, how good did it feel? Because I, what's, what's the young lady's name that be doing this stuff? Megan was her. Megan Cuan. Oh yeah, I saw you pointed her and said you were wrong. Oh yeah. 50 just came at her too. Talking about that Girl. She, at first she was loving Rocky. I love She put that money Following us. Hi Rocky. Hi. Hi. Hey. And then one day Emini here, she sent me some messages that were pretty against the prosecution. Very for Rocky. And one day, whoop, I don don't know what happened, but whoop, the defense is lying. He's gonna be found guilty. Who would believe him? I'm like, what The, I think it was the prop gun thing.


Nah, it was the prop gun thing. The prop gun thing was in the beginning. Oh. So it wasn't the prop. First of all, if you're a journalist, be a journalist. If you're not, if you're not, if you're gonna pretend to be a journalist and you're really not a journalist, then do what you want. Say what you want. No journalist says the defense is lying. They report the facts. It's for other people to determine. Right. So, so I guess she's not a journalist, but she's a, a blogger, right? She's an attorney though, correct? Wasn't she an attorney at one point? Well, Sorry, I don't think that, Oh, I was, she was an attorney at one point. I don't know that. But she got, she got it wrong. Emini here, listen, I I, look, I don't have any personal feelings against her, but it was, it was shocking to see her go from one to the other and she's like, no one's gonna believe this defense.


Ah, well guess what? And we had a three hour, I look, we had a four week trial, we had a verdict in three hours. I knew at that point we won. There's no doubt. Look, it's not a hundred percent. 'cause you never know what a jury could do. But for 12 people to convict beyond a reasonable doubt on that evidence, it was gonna take a long time to get everyone around. What, what we found out from, I spoke to three jurors personally. Rolling Stone spoke to one and, and someone else spoke to one, the one juror that was on video was the, our basically our worst drawer, or the one who was against us. Oh, the one that was saying that she believed it was, Yeah, she believed. She believed. But when they went to the jury room, 10 people voted immediately within one minute to acquit.


Wow. Okay. It's reasonable doubt. Look, can we say, can anyone say it's definitely a prop gun? Of course not. Can anyone say it's definitely a real gun? Of course not. So that's reasonable doubt. And that's not guilty. Boom, though. That's it. But you know, she then came out, she's walking to the court and a three hour verdict. When you get a three hour verdict, it's a defense verdict 99% of the time. Not especially guilty in a four week trial. Right. Because you can't come to the conclusion that he's guilty. You have to go really comb through the evidence. They asked for one exhibit in their notes, the defense video. That's it. Defense video. Five minutes later we have a verdict that it didn't take a rocket science to figure out where this was going. Right. So she's walking to court like doing a, a selfie video.


Like if anyone thinks this is not guilty, they're crazy, huh? Of course I get this is guilty. They didn't believe the prop coming and it's gonna be a guilty verdict. Clearly a quick video like this is death of the defense. Like, okay, she's talking about, but I guess we're gonna see, and of course not guilty, not killed her. And I just looked at her And I said, you were wrong. You know, so whatever. By The way, I can't find any evidence that she, she was an attorney. I tried to look it up. Yeah. I think it was worked for Long crime. One of my favorite movies, devil's advocate, Keanu Reeves. Yeah. You know, Al Pacino. And you know, in that movie, Kea Reeves played a character named Kevin, and he's representing somebody, but in the midst of representing him, he realizes, oh shit, this motherfucker's guilty. Remember the dude? Yep. It was a child molested kid.


The dude did got hard while he was, while the woman, while the young girl was on the stand testifying. Have you ever been in a situation like that? Like in the midst of it? You like, wait a minute, I think this motherfucker actually did it. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah. It wasn't this case. I'm over. Look, I've tried 120 jury trials and, and so, and, and again, a chunk of those was the prosecutor. But there's been times where, you know, I believed in instance, And I saw some evidence halfway through. I was like, Hmm. But you know, at that point you're, you're, you're just fighting all you got. All you can do at that point is if they don't wanna take a plea, you can just challenge the evidence, which is constitutionally what you have to do. Right. Someone could be guilty, but also be entitled to a not guilty verdict.


And that sounds weird to people, but the reason that's true is because if the proof isn't there, if the prosecution has them met their burden to prove the case beyond a reasonable doubt, the person's entitled to a not guilty verdict. The community's entitled to a not guilty verdict. The system is entitled to a not guilty verdict. It, you know, we're not a perfect system, but you, what you definitely don't want is we start cutting corners for people we know are guilty. 'cause that's Richard Jewel. That's what starts happening. Oh, they're guilty. So we, you know, constitutional safeguards and we can cheat a little bit here and there. That's when innocent people start getting clipped. Mm. And that to me is the worst thing that could ever happen when I'm representing people who are purely innocent. That that's the worst things for me because then I'm dealing with like a pressure that is just enormous.


Enormous. And you know, if you don't win that case, you feel it's like burden for the rest of your life. Does it bother you morally though? What, what's the moral or the burden does it like, if you know somebody's guilty and still represent 'em and win? Does is that more, is isn't that a burden too though? No, No, because that means it's system worked. That means the system worked. It means the pro proof wasn't there. As long as I'm not subor perjury, which I would never do, as long as I'm not making, you know, somebody say something that's not true. If, if someone's guilty And I think they're guilty, but they were found not guilty, that means the gov the proof wasn't there. The proof wasn't there. And we need that person to be found not guilty because it keeps the system strong, keeps all of us safe.


Because if we start again lowering the standard for the ones we know are guilty, that's when really, that's when innocent people start getting convicted. And that's bad. So I could live with that as long as the system was put to the test and I've done my job, then you know, it's, it's, it's is what it is. The worst thing is if you represent someone who's truly, truly innocent, you know, they're truly innocent and they're being either framed, set up or just for whatever reason there's an agenda and you know, that's, that's the stuff that you lose sleep over. 'cause God forbid they're convicted Emini here. Just like how do you deal with that? How do you carry that with you for the rest of your life? So fortunately I've not had that happen. I represent a lot of innocent, truly innocent people.


They've all been vindicated, thank God. Because if I had that happen, that would be, that would be, you know, something that would be very tough to go on with. Absolutely. Well, what do you do next? What? Because do you take a break or do you jump right back into a case? I gotta, I'm gonna have to go to my office after I'm afraid to see what I want to find on my desk. Emini here, I haven't been there for five Weeks. Especially now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't Like take a break. You like, you gotta you missed Valenti Day A vacation. No, that's the life of a trial lawyer. Emini here. Look, will I take any downtime? Maybe a few days here or there, but I got, there's a judge dying to get me on trial in Westchester County waiting for this case to be over. So, mm. So I know that's gonna happen soon.


Trial in Arizona coming up. So it's, you know, it, whatever it is. What it's, yeah, I, I try and take care of myself, keep myself in good shape, work out a lot, eat well and that gives me a little extra energy to, you know, go forward. You need a documentary or something, man. Absolutely. Seriously. With all, with all of the different you represented psychiatrist. Hey Joe, good to meet you. Pray I never need you, man. Appreciate you. Yeah, absolutely. Yes sir. Well We, we definitely gonna keep your number 'cause if we see any cases that we don't understand, we might need to call to break some things down, down for he Know I'm gonna call serious. How many times I called you before I got you on the phone. That's right. Well, it's ASAP Joe. Joe Tacopina is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake that ass up. The Breakfast Club.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. With a Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit bay a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive. From toothpaste to dish soap, chances are you've got Colgate, Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.