
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Life is an act of constant revention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on the Really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like, Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500 A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake That ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess and we got some special guests in the building. It's been some time since you've been here before, like seven years. Last time you were up here promoting de these one. Yep. Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson. Welcome. Hey, How you doing? How you feeling man? Hey, You just pretend there's an audience here. Whoa. You guys are amazing. We love you Jerry and Osha. Appreciate y'all. Well, first and foremost, how were you doing? I know you out in LA And I see the fires are crazy in La h How is that with you and, and the family? I'm literally talking, waiting for updates right now. There was, it's something starting near the Valley area, so I'm just checking on my daughter and things like that.


So, you know, a little, little on edge. But Emini here, it's nothing I could do from here except worry. Is that, is that an evacuation plan? Like if this goes, go this route or go this or Emini here? Yeah, but as much as you can. I, I wasn't expecting some of 'em to be as, as close as they are when I got up, but yeah. So I'm just trying to be a helicopter dad right now as much as I can. Absolutely. Now let's talk about Denim Thieves two, seven years. Why did it take so long to show to shoot part Two? Yeah, tell us Gerard. Well, you know, 'cause O'Shea is a nightmare. Oh my. And I've heard he's such a princess trying to get him to, I've Heard Whoa, whoa, whoa, with Lake of Jerseys on, I've heard, No, there was, it was a a a, a bit of that, you know, and a little sprinkle of this.


And it just, it, it took longer than we thought. And by the way, truly for various reasons, one, one of the main reasons is when we first started writing the script is I thought we, we really hit gold in the first one. And it was very different. It was very clever, you know, it took a long time for that first script to get to that stage. So not to just turn out something and go, oh, here's the second one. You guys like the first one. But to be honest, it took a long time to make that script work. This one, you know, kind of all the twists and turns and how, because there's a lot going on in this movie. And we'd always get to the stage where we go, okay, this is good, but this still doesn't work. And to, to make it all kind of like a, like a jigsaw puzzle and then sing and then other shit happened.


You know, you Guys were a part of the writing or you mean just mean the script that was brought to you guys, you get to kind of dissect it and say yes and no to certain stuff? Well, I, I, yeah, I'm involved in the writing and Christian wrote the script, but then I worked on the development of both scripts, but especially this one for and this too. There's a good three. Yeah. I produced a movie. Caught you. So it has this like a a, it has a more of a depth to you when you're on camera with it too, because it's your actual baby behind the scenes as well. Big time. I, I have to say that, you know, talk about what you do to prepare for a role. Probably my main preparation is I, any script I do now, I've been with it for a long time and you're sitting with it thinking of every moment, every part of the character where you can take that.


So when you get to the movie, you both know where you should be and you kinda, I hate to say this, you're kinda cheating. You also know what each moment is kind of gonna hopefully achieve with the audience. So yeah, it's been well thought about Now. You killed 50 Cent in the, in the first one. I didn't kill. Yes he did. Hold on. You killed 50 Cent in the first one. We, Yeah. Alright, thank You. They killed 50 Cent in the first one, but he's back on this as a ep. Why, why, why was it important? This is no killing 50 Cent. Really. It is one thing we learned. So why, Why was it important to bring him back as a ep and how was he working as an ep? Emini here 50, if 50 wants his hand in something, it's, it's really no denying, you know, that dude, he's been very instrumental in, you know, my thought process on a lot of things, especially moving forward, super excited about this.


He's been giving me some great words of praise, but you know, he's the man and whatever he touches really turns into gold. So he knew he couldn't let go of the de Thieve. Stop It now. You got whipped a lot. Yeah, they, they whooped your ass a lot. The first One. Yeah, that's the worst part of the first one. But they, but You grow a lot. It was so good though, because you would've, like, towards the end of it, it all turns around. You would've never expected it because you played the character so well as like this person that was not in control. But you were very in control. Yeah. You took a beating. Well, yeah, it's always, you took a beating. Well, shut the hell up, bro. But yeah, it is always funny when that movie was coming out to see people's tweets from the beginning of the movie where it was just like, man, I don't know if I was Cube I wouldn't have let him did this.


And then by the end they, you know, they talk about how dope the film was, but it, it really was art imitating life a little bit because De Thieves won. That's my third movie ever. Mm. And there was already an, there's already an ideology of who I am because of my father and what I'm gonna bring to the table or a sense of entitlement or that I'm not here to work. And Donny in the first one is just somebody who wants to keep his head down, focus on what he gotta do, get in and get out. And that was the same with me at that portion of my career. And then for the, for the second one, you know, for it to take as much time as it had, I got a lot more projects under my belt.


So the confidence was there for me to be able to lead, get it down, get me a crew to be in charge of and not get my ass kicked for two hours. How do you, oh, Go ahead. I was gonna ask, are you tired of that? I feel like it's over now. I feel like you proved yourself enough where people are not saying the only reason you're in this industry is 'cause of your dad. Or do you still get that a lot? Do you still feel like you gotta fight through that? It'll forever be there? You know, and I don't have a problem with that. Like, it is just people that don't know. And I can't, I can't concern myself with people who just ignorant to it or, or try to fight it. Emini here, I got a kid, I gotta focus on me, man, getting it done. Can I, I think in a couple of years people are gonna be looking at Ice Cube going, Hey look, there's OSHA's dad, why are you looking?


The mic very sexy, man. I get, what was that for? Charlamagne's here. I don't have a very time, I don't have a very powerful voice, so I have to get close to that mic. What you saying? This is how they do it in movies. I was gonna ask. Oh, I for forget now. Oh, I, so in the second one because now we know kind of like your role a bit more. Yeah. And how did you prepare differently? Because the first time you're preparing as an actor, it's like you gotta kind of hide who you really are the whole time. This time it's like, it is, you know, it is big. You not the little one Emini here. That was, that was really my excitement was that I'm able to play the same character but a different character at the same time.


And a lot of the prep was just remembering where Donnie is, who Donnie really is. And honestly I watched a lot of John Jones. John Jones in the beginning of his fight is just so cold and just still, and you could tell just his, his focus and his prep. And it's a lot of the same things with Donnie and what he does. So You learned to fight in this one? 'cause in the first one you was getting ass kicked time. We talked about that. About that. I'm kicking ass in this one. Okay. Okay. But just the idea of a fighter where it is, it's what, how Donny thinks in its simplest form of one simple mistake and I'm done.


One simple mistake. And Donny is in prison forever. So the same thing with a fighter if one slip up and you sleep, you know. So it was a lot of studying, studying fighters for me. Did Y'all ask about 50? Because I just walked in. Yeah. Yeah, we asked about 50 epn. Okay. Okay. How did that, how did that happen? Why, why, why aren't all y'all producers on the film? How does he die in the first movie and they come back and be a producer in the second movie? You gotta check the credits. I'm a ep. Oh, there you go. Talk that talk. Thank you. Thank you. Thank. And I was gonna ask, you know, with this movie, it seemed like this movie leveled up a lot, right? As far as scenes action, it, it looks totally different. Yeah. Do you guys do your own stunts? And how was the process of, of it leveling up so much? The first one, I, I'm not gonna say Emini here, you could just tell just from the airplane scene and, and the airport.


Like they spent a lot of money on that. Does that mean more pressure now? Definitely. You know, with a sequel there's so many things that go into it that can make it go the wrong way. A lot of times sequels will rely so much on the first one, giving you so many nods to the first one that it kind of cheapens why you fell in love with it in the first place. But I don't know budget, that's like really Gerard, you know, point, but like, definitely you have to step it up. But we were able to change the entire dynamic of the film. And the first one is more cops versus Roberts. And this one is much more of a buddy action. And I think we use that to our advantage. Plus I'm a different character than I was in the first one. So you're gonna, you're getting a film that can not only stand alone but at the same time give you what you already love from doing the things.


Even the coloring is different. Like I noticed that too, like in the first one I feel like it was a lot warmer. This one is a lot more like cooler tones. I don't know if that was on purpose too, but it just changes the energy, like Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I think the idea was to give a very kind of different tone. Like Christian's a big fan of, of kind of new wave European cinema. So it's like OSHA says, yeah, you keep the same, the the same story basically. You're following these characters, but you cinematically it looks very different and it's, it still kind of, it has a grittiness to it, but it also, it looks very beautiful and captivating and, and, and shows a different kind of aesthetic and a, and a different tone. So yeah, I'm, I'm glad you noticed that because it is cinematically, this movie is beautiful.


If that's all it was, it still look amazing. But fortunately there was a hell of a lot more going on than, than just the, you know, the yeah, the scope. But the scope is huge too. Emini here we got a lot more money for this one and we, well we did basically, that's it. We got more money and we got more time. Emini here. People make a joke of how long it took. It's true. It shouldn't have taken that long. But the thing that did give us was to, to get everything in order and to get those little more magic moments. Always find that when you're developing a script, if you know, often this, the more time you, you get to let it kind of sit there and think about it, then you find all these extra moments and more layers and more nuance and maybe even bigger surprises. 'cause that this movie is, it's so full of twists and turns and surprise.


You just never know where it's gonna go, where he's gonna go, where I'm gonna go, where the Panthers are gonna go, who the hell, you know, we have a ton of people after us too. And the heist itself, it is just, there's a lot going on, so it's kind of throwing you all around place. It's so Crazy how you turn off your, well how I don't hear the accent in the movie, like in the movie American all day long. But, but now I can hear it go in and out. It's crazy how how you're able to do that as an actor. Yeah. Is that difficult? It takes work. I've, I've done it a lot now, but yeah, Emini here, every morning when I go to set, I have to do like 40 minutes of voice lessons, you know, the sounds learning to kind of speak like, make more of the vows. 'cause in Scotland we hit the consonants, right? We hit the C's and the K's and the T's and in America you guys come off the coincidence, you're more like, ugh.


So I start, I do exercises I like, but actually I do, I do exercise like, well I, and you start talking like this and then yeah, you're On a bunch of meth head or something. You talk like that. Yeah, yeah. You're an American bro Because that big n just always the whole time. And it depends where you at. 'cause I say I'm from South Carolina, so I say straight street strong. Okay, yeah, That's true. Emini here. If it's more urban then like I just played, no, That's just country. No, but I just played that I a New York character and that was very much like, you know, yeah. Do he, did he, he didn't, you know, like that kind of thing. Was that Irv after Urban? That was my Italian Ma mob. That was New York. That was New York Master Gimme From Irv.


Gimme wait. He said tell how he, his his American murder versus your Scotland murder. Oh yeah, Murder. That's his calling. You go murdered. And, and in America's kinda like murder. And, And I couldn't say that took me years and it was a, a, a movie once I was shooting what I had to say. No, not if he's murdered And I couldn't say it. I'm like, no, not if he's murdered because we have such a thick r and d, you know, but yeah, you Mean American nigga and a Scotland nigga, what? So it's not about the money, it's about the challenge. Do you guys, how Many careers has he ruined just sitting there On a nutshell, A lot.


It is not about the money is about the challenge. Let's talk about that phrase. That's a phrase that's mentioned a lot in the movie. Yeah. Do y'all live by that? No. You know, like I, I was talking to him in for more press for this because that quote keeps coming up. It's a little bit about the money. Like you're, I'm robbing the Federal Reserve in The World Diamond Center. It's a little bit about the money. Oh, I thought, I thought you talking about in real life. That's What I'm talking about real life. I was talking about real life Emini here. You, you know, said talk about it too. Dion Sanders and my pops have a, a quote. You know, if everybody doing it for the love, I'll do it for the love. But if everybody, you know, we all getting paid, we all getting paid. It's just The World that we live in. That's true. But you have to take those challenges to uplift yourself to get yourself to a new tier.


I'm very, I'm easily content. It's easy to get stagnant when you don't need much. So if you don't take those challenges, if you don't take those risks, you're just gonna be in the same spot every single,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together On the really no really podcast, our Mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why they refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We Got the answer. Well space junk block your cell signal. The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, does Tom Cruise really do his own stunts? His stunt man reveals the answer and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is with us. How are you too? Hello, My friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to really no really, sir. Bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the Opening. Really. No. Really? Yeah, really. No. Really go to really no really.com and Register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called Really No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop, Smash Slam, Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The cracker a bat and another one Gone. A tip bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing, check it and With me. Did you know, did know. I wouldn't give up my seats nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright? And one of the, there was a a a portion in my career where I felt stagnant where I felt like, you know, we're not, we're not going up, but we're not going down either. And one night I might have been faded, I dmd Kobe Bryant and Kobe, God bless you, Dave. Yeah, I, I asked him, I was like, dude, you, you've done everything. How do you keep yourself wanting more? How do you keep like away from being comfortable? Right? Give me some movies, gimme some books, gimme a, a quote, a mantra or anything. He gave me his number. Oh, wow. And so I'm drunk, so I'm not about to call Kobe like right then and there.


So I, I hit him and he was like, all right, I'm gonna call you in a few days. So for like two weeks I was waiting by my phone, just waiting for Kobe to hit me. And then I was in a Uber coming back from a table read and he called me And I, I remember I told the Uber driver, I was like, Hey, can you turn the radio down? Kobe Bryant's calling me. He was like, Kobe. Oh yeah. So now the driver is looking in the mirror while I'm on the phone. And I talked to Kobe for 25 minutes and he said that feeling that you have not done enough or that where you are isn't good enough and you want more and you don't know why you want more hold onto it because that's the only thing that's gonna make you want to take shots, take risk and and uplift yourself.


And then like, that was the first and only conversation I had with my hero. 'cause two months later he was gone. Damn. Wow. I would think, I don't, maybe I'm just, this just me in my mind and what I think your life is like. I thought you was having these be be around these type of people all the time. Emini here, I'm around them, but it is not like I ain't got they number to just be like, you know, hit 'em up and call 'em. But it is just one of those things like if I didn't take that challenge, that risk to even message him, I wouldn't have had never had that conversation. Do You ever ask your pops like, your pops, can you connect me to such and such? Or you just always try to make your own connection? No, I try to do it on my own. I don't, you know, I don it's just so, it's realer it if you do it organically. So I, you know, luckily I've been able to work with some amazing people where I can call, you know, 50, ask him some stuff.


I can talk to Gerard, I can, you know, rest in peace Ray Liotta being able to work with him and things like that. So it's just about keeping my head down and then when I, when I see the opportunity to take a challenge, knock it out the park. Question, didn't you go to school for screenwriting? USC? Yeah. University of Southern California. So It's interesting to me, like Envy said it earlier, just he asked a question about, you know, do you still, do you get respect for yourself? And I'm like, yo, you really put in the work. Like you wouldn't really studied your your craft. They don't give a damn No, we get dragged for the the nepotism conversation. I think you unfairly get that too. Yeah. But I love it. You Emini here, you not about to make me feel bad of just like, oh, you had a good life Point.


I'm sorry man, I, you know, I hope y'all all grow to have nepo babies yourself. But I, I'm not like, I'm not, I'm not running from that. You're not about to make me feel bad for, you know, my blessings or my family and try to run from it. You know, get, get mad, get glad, get heavyweight trash bags. I don't give a damn. You Always felt like that Emini here. No. It, it takes a lot for you to get there. You, you start to believe and listen to people. Any talks of that getting out of a shadow are from the outside looking in. It's not a shadow man. Your, your, your parents or whoever did not put in the work for you to feel ashamed for all the sacrifice that they, they went through.


Wow. That's right. That's beautiful. So it's just like, the way that I look at it, it's been happening for centuries. It's not a shadow. It is taking the Jackson name and pushing it even further. And then when, when she's ready, my daughter's gonna have to do the exact same thing. So when you look back at the, you know, the ends of time we still there. Are you Surprised by your voice sometimes? Like, like how big people look at you? Like I seen when I, I think it was, you said something about Andrew Schultz, right? Yeah. And it went viral like crazy. Were you surprised about that? Or was it one of those things you just, with the homies, like, this is how I feel and you just thought it was going to end there? Yeah, I didn't Emini here. I didn't think my, my words even meant that much. And I don't have a problem with shows at all. I just thought the comment was weird.


It's not that IWI had some soapbox moment where I put up four or five paragraphs on Twitter or even continued to do. So it's just Emini here. The comment was weird and that's it. I don't, I sometimes don't recognize that people give a shit because I've said so much that you didn't give a shit about before. So like, you know, they, they pick and choose what sticks and you never know what does. And you know, sometimes I gotta just remember that you do have a little bit of weight and you know, I don't mean nothing by it, it just what's on my mind. And you said you was a fan. Yeah, exactly, bro. Like first of all he's fucking hilarious and tires love tires.


But like you, it is just, it's just how people gonna run with it. And even when you do interviews and stuff like that, you have to be conscious of like, what's gonna get clipped, what's going to be spread out there. People are not going to click the link to the full interview. No, it's just not gonna happen. So you just gotta be mindful of this stuff. It's just the game of the internet has The la has, how has LA changed from everything that's going on in the last year? Right? You, you're a huge LA fan. Huge Lakers fan. Huge Dodgers fan. Huge Kendrick fan. Yeah. And, and we've seen, this has been LA's year last year. So how have you seen the change of LA as far as people outside the scene? I feel like every region, every now and then, whether it be the south, you know, east, east coast, west coast, every now and then there's something that jolts them where they got the sound.


And right now I feel like with with Dot with Tyler, we got the sound, you know, my pops and Snoop put out an album. Like the sound is there. Absolutely. We abso Blue Lips by Blue. The sound is there right now. And even other artists like Vince Staples, Doja and Billy Eilish, my man Vince, like, we got like 20 people out right now. Right. And so it's a, you know, it's a beautiful time on top of the Dodgers just being disgusting. I'm sorry New York bro. I'm sorry. How you, Why your pops did ass like that though? I was About to say how you the Music Like have Nothing to do With the Baseball. Why your pop sound so clear And ours wasn't, Listen, he taking serious bro.


This is why the, you know what I, He's reason that they won, like how do you feel about that? Like, they're like, oh, he's the reason part, like he's a part of the win. Like he's a part of the motivation of the win. That's, There was a guy out there twerking though that was a little strange. Bro. Don't talking I'm talking about was of crazy Dave, Dave robbers bro. The manager. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dave robbers. Yeah. That's wild. But it was a, it was a beautiful feeling. It was a good day. Just wanted to shake your Ass. You having a good day. I Guess It was, it was a beautiful feeling. You know, I'm, I'm not gonna act like I'm this diehard baseball fan. I've always said baseball needs more dunks and touchdowns and steroids, but it's you. But so going to that game, seeing that field, having that nervous feeling of The World Series and then watching my guy walk the entire field doing his thing, being in his element, it being so clear and him knocking it out of the park.


It's just one of the, one of the proudest moments that I've had as his son. And when he was done, I looked over at my, my brother and my sister and was just like, man, he did it. You know, it's just one of those weird feelings that are out of a movie. It helped that we won too. 'cause I, and man it would've been, I would've been upset, but even for him to do it at the parade, it's just one of those things where it's just like, how could you, how could I ever run away from being blessed by that dude? That's right. I wanna say I want to, I got a couple more questions for you, but we talked about LA I feel like LA really needed the year that it just had. Yeah. But I don't think we talk about the loss of Nipsey.


The loss of Kobe. Yeah. LA took some real big out and there was a part when during the pop out show Kendrick said that Kendrick was like, yo, the city ain't felt the same since Nipsey died. Yeah. And I don't think people talk about that enough. Yeah. I I think at the, was it a dark period at the time of Nipsey passing? He was so obvious like, this is gonna be the one Yeah. Like yeah, I remember each other. And so when you take away, you know, just like, it's just like a, a a ripple effect and yeah, man, there, there they're still not over it. You know, I was just like, I can't help but talk about Kobe or we was just talking about nip last night at the after after party. So it's, it is, it really was a feeling this is this, the healing factor that, that had to take has finally come to a spot where we are a a, a force to be reckoned with right now.


I know a lot of people are gonna be tired of it, but like it is what it is. But I know that what you just said is a good way to put it. I'm paraphrasing, but Yeah, it feel like the city's healing. Yeah. It's, it is heal and then like right now I'm looking at my phone to see who's affected by the fires right now. So like, it's just, it's just another, another thing. But we are in a beautiful place artistically and I'm proud of everybody who, who's from the city doing their thing. They gotta go too. They got one more. When, when it comes to screenwriting, what did you learn at USC that your, that your father didn't learn? Because I'm, I'm only getting this from the Straight Outta Compton movie. It was just writing Friday in his house. Like it was nothing. Just, just what, you know, what goes into just the in and out, the difference really the difference between popcorn movies and cinema, you know, what they view as cinema.


We've all seen a movie have crazy box office, but don't get no Oscar recognition because there's, there's a mindset within Hollywood of popcorn films and cinema and just the difference in, in what that goes into and Emini here personally, I feel like Gerard, you don't get enough credit for you being able to pull off that American accent, dude. Like there's, there's so many actors that get this praise for their dialect and all this stuff when you've been doing it forever, man, that's, so I just want to give you big ups while this topic is there that you deserve so much more recognition for doing it as much as you did. 'cause it still trips me out when you start talking like how to Train your Dragon.


But there's one Word he could say right now that would make everybody be like, oh wow, I get it. I don't care what it's, do not listen out this weekend. I've been looking this way. The whole Interview. It's positive energy this way. Okay. Gerard Butler, OSHA Jackson, we appreciate you De Thieves, three Dinner Thieves, Dead Thieves, dead of Thieves. Three working on it, maybe Possibility, I Don't know, Jerard you, because this took a Long time. So Yeah, this one will know what, by the way, that's if everybody goes to see this movie, you know. Yeah man, come on January 10th made a great movie. But I, yeah, there's something I wouldn't even say in the works. There's, there's an idea that's brewing right now, but it's just an idea.


Okay, Well we appreciate y'all for joining us. I hate that answer. Make sure you go see it this weekend. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into are getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about.


Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on The really no really podcast is To get the true answers to life's baffling questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor, what's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer go To really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast, follow Us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.