(0s):
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.

(30s):
Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.

(1m 3s):
Prohibition is synonymous with speakeasies, jazz, flappers, and of course failure. I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu, there's a story I couldn't wait to tell you. It's about an unlikely duo in the 1920s who tried to warn the public that prohibition was going to backfire so badly. It just might leave thousands dead from poison. Listen and subscribe to SNAFU on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 34s):
45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business, the Edge of daybreak, eyes of love, but supposed to have been falling up by another app. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(2m 4s):
Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa here for Jess. We got some special guests joining us this morning. We have AJ Johnson. She's back. Good morning. Good Morning. And we have Tressa Smallwood. Welcome. Good morning everyone. How you feeling this morning? Ladies? Fantastic. Listen, I'm in New York. It's cold as I don't know what, but I'm here. It ain't that bad. If you'd came a week ago, it would've been like 30, 20 degrees. It's, well, You know, when you're bouncing between LA and Africa, anything under 70 is like, I'm not going outside. Okay. Last time I saw you was in Ghana. Yes. But, but you living there now? Well, I was back and forth then. Oh, you just didn't know it.

(2m 45s):
'cause it was December and everybody was hanging out. Okay. But I've been back and forth living and working since 2019. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I got the email early. You Got the email early. Listen, I was like, It was, it was everything happening politically or you just really wanted to just go and Be be, you know, back in Africa? I'm gonna be honest, it, it was, it was, I love the life that I was developing there, but with the pandemic I saw governmentally and politically what didn't feel right to me. Not that I knew what was happening, but just, you know, in terms of the, and, and honestly, when Africa opened up late 2020, I, I got there around November, 2020. So if you remember we were, we, we had been told, oh, it's gonna be two weeks.

(3m 25s):
Oh, it's gonna be six months in February. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Right when it first started, 2020. And then of course, you know, you cough on Monday, you dead by Friday. So I was like, so right. So when I got to Africa and I'm watching CNN from there, me and my African friends are like, well, why is everybody dying? You know, we had masks on just to respect it, but it, it was like, you know, you take a pill and everything's fine. So I was like, you know what? Something's not right and let me start making moves now. So I started investigating like citizenship and just what it would take to do business there and to live there. And so I'm bouncing back and forth. So you're a dual citizen. Oh yeah. I love it. Oh yeah. So you've been Helping people get dual citizenship too? I, I saw, Yeah. Emini here, you know, when I, when it says help, just to clarify, 'cause you know, people are flooding my dms, you know, who do I need to write?

(4m 6s):
What do I need to do? Who do I need to talk to? Listen, can I pay you to get my passport? So I said what that means is really to, you know, I'm taking groups over with retreats. I got a retreat in July and a retreat in December. Been doing that for five years just to show you the country, just to introduce it to you intimately, you know, get you off a tour bus and out of a group of a hundred and just really have you and you know, meet people. Really have real estate conversations. Learn what it's like to be employed when you're there. The rules are different, the country's different. And so we can't keep going as Americans expecting Africa to be America or to be run like that. So I try to educate and share, you know, from my life so that when it's time and you're really saying, I wanna make a move, I wanna be a citizen, you know what it really takes what Got you to Ghana.

(4m 47s):
When, when did you first go to Ghana? And it was like, this is, I like this, this is where I wanna live. I told you this Dar Wade, I actually went for a birthday Turnup. I was going through a breakup And I was like, I need new, I need new fragrances, new fra. I need new, new, new men, new food, new clothes, new music. And so I went in 2019 And I went with Boman St. John and, and Boris and Nicole Cujo. And they took a group of celebrities. At the time it was called Full Circle Festival. And so I was part of that. And that seven days changed my life mentally, spiritually, nutritionally, health wise, Emini here. I saw a difference in my hair and skin and, and weight management, no lie, like in four days.

(5m 32s):
Wow. Just because the food was different, you know, no, no chemicals, no hormones. And we don't know what that's like unless you spend time over there. And so I was like, oh, I'm so down with what I'm seeing and feeling. And so I just started saying, you know, I'm gonna sell some of my aase bags. I'm gonna stop buying, you know, I'm gonna stop buying some of the red bottoms and finance some flights over there. And the more I went, the more I learned about, of course us as a culture that we don't know. And the more I started embracing the African that I am, When you think about your overall, we gonna talk about the, with what y'all here for, which is fighting to be, we, We got a lot of catching up to do video. But when you think about your overall mental wellness, how does living in Ghana affect that as opposed to living into the United States of, of anxiety Emini here, first of all, you know, to get off the plane and see everybody black.

(6m 22s):
I'm not saying that there's not, you know, issues within us as people, but they're, they're sure not racial issues. I don't experience, personally, I don't experience any colorism. You know, I'm still talking to a lot of women who are dealing with, you know, light-skinned brown skin, you know, over there. It's, you know, the black of the berry because our, our skin is so beautiful. And so that part, the safety of it, I'm not running from the cops. You know, if I see sirens behind my car, I don't get nervous. And even just the love, the love and acceptance is different. The conversations are different. You know, we're talking about, you know, being African and what that means and how do we get our resources back in our pockets as opposed to the madness's going on here.

(7m 2s):
So I just, I'm just more comfortable. I love It. And we're creators, you know, we're creative creators naturally. So I I I have more experience with more collaboration, right. Spirits as opposed to I got mine, you get yours. Which I think is a lot of what happens here. And so I really love the collaborative energy I'm experiencing there. How is Celebrity different being in Africa versus being over here in the States? I think, well, I'm gonna answer it a couple ways. One of the reasons I'm back and forth is because I feel and see my value there as an American celebrity. And I don't mind that, you know, I know, I know that they value my work and my, and my resume.

(7m 42s):
And so we we're using that as well, teaching master classes and things like that. But at the same time, I think the African celebrity also wants some of the American right. Celebrity. So now after five years, I've got friends in the business there and we're trying to, you know, we're looking for scripts. You know, it's one of the reasons why trusts And I connected. We're looking for international scripts so that we can join forces and bridge and, and do more projects. So I think there's benefits to the celebrity on both continents. Yeah. But again, it's like, you know what happens if we come together, that's the point. Right. And I know that you guys are here to talk about fighting to me the DW Curry story. You mentioned Ressa. Yes. And Res, I know you're new to the platform. I wanna introduce yourself in Mega My Media, what you do. Yes, absolutely.

(8m 23s):
So I'm Ressa Zare Smallwood, I'm CEO of Make Eye Media an independent movie production company that's making our own way in the industry. So where DEI gets cut, we don't get cut. There You go. There you go. There you go. And I wanna make sure y'all know how important that is, which is why I'm palling around with Marc Sis because, you know, nowadays the the studios are, are, are governing what we're doing, and they're not really that interested in our stories. And so this Fighting To Be Me is my second project with Megamind and Tressa. I did a Christmas movie, which I hadn't done. I'm trying to check the boxes of things I hadn't done. And so I did Holiday Heartbreak with Tressa, And I was like, yo, family, family run.

(9m 4s):
I was like, this is good. It feels good. You know, the project's good. I'm getting paid on time. I'm like, I love this. I love this. And I, and Who is Dne Dwayne Curry for the people who Aren't familiar? DW Curry. Yeah. You wanna, you, you have a close relationship with dne. So think Do Well Dne DW is a very well renowned and respected Hollywood stylist from the nineties. And honestly, not only is he known for styling celebrities like Lisa Ray and Yo-Yo and Missy Elliot, he was one of my first stylists when I right after house party when I hit, you know. But, you know, in the nineties, you know, being gay and, and and being in that world wasn't necessarily as accepted as it is now.

(9m 44s):
And so Dwayne looking for love and acceptance turned to a life of crime. Wow. And so, yeah. And so in all of that celebrity and, and, and Alkalde, he became a convicted felon for credit card fraud. And so now she in trans, in the trans community, is now an advocate, has done time and is trying to teach the, the, the, the more visible community in the LGBTQ plus, you know, how to survive and, and thrive actually without it being criminal. Break down some of the people that DNE styled for. 'cause DNE styled for a Lot of people. Yeah. And I, here, I'm just thinking a few, I said Lisa Ray, miss Elliot, Gabrielle Union, I-D-M-X-D-M-X on there, Emini here.

(10m 25s):
And I'm telling you, in the nineties it was like when Du Emini here, it's, it's depicted in the movie. When DW would walk in a restaurant, a club, it was like, you know, the, the, the celebrity, the for real celebrity had arrived was the style. Because you know, we, we, we look at styling now as just, you know, who, who put your hair and clothes together. But DW was creating the images, DNE was actually creating the celebrities in the nineties based on knowing your image is how you walk in the room, what you look like. And so in the nineties, a lot of us as as black talent in the culture, we didn't know that. Like in the movie it depicts you saw where Yoyo Yo Yoyo was like, you know, I'm a rapper with braids and a bandana. And DW was like, oh, no, no, no, you gotta be, you gotta be a sexy rapper. And changed her whole career trajectory.

(11m 6s):
Hmm. So it's just, And they respect her a lot, even now to today. You know, they reach out to her like, Hey, we, we don't wanna let what's happening now? And, and how people are kind of turning their backs on a lot of people in the community and they're like, you know, you did this for us, you changed us. And they're stepping up for, Oh yeah. There's a lot of times I don't get dressed without saying, okay, this shoe or this shoe, and I'll send her, I'll send her pictures and she'll be like, neither one do that one. And I was like, okay. Okay. So why Was this story so important to outta all the stories that you could have picked or chose? Why was this story so important to both of you guys? I think for me personally, you know, it, it's a responsibility of mine to tell the diverse stories that other people won't tell.

(11m 47s):
You know, we know that in Hollywood it's really challenging to get a project green lit. And so, because I have the capability of deciding, you know what I'm gonna shoot And I have distribution, I say, you know, how can I change somebody's life? What's the story? You know? And even with, with DW Curry, I had a lot of people say to me, Hey, why, why would you pick this in particular when you know that it's a touchy subject in this day and age? And I said, that's exactly why I'm tackling it. Right. Because nobody else is gonna do it. And even when you think about the role that AJ plays in the movie Es d twin's mother who said, Hey, I knew you were gay. I'm not gonna say I agree with this, but you're my son. I love you.

(12m 28s):
People need to hear that now. Right. People are going through it. And you need to know that there are people that are gonna believe in you, that they're gonna speak up for you despite what everybody else is saying out here right now. He's trans, she's trans. Right? Trans, Yes trans. And and to be clear, you know, a lot of people are trying to figure out fully trans in terms of having the sexual, you know, assignment. No, but she is, she is trans, but not without the sexual, without the assignment. I, I wonder how do networks feel about that now? 'cause when you see, you know, president Trump sign an executive order basically saying that there's only two genders, male and female. Now do even do networks even want to touch stories? They don't Like that. They don't. They do not. And so this was a project that we shot last year and we shot it in April in Washington DC and even then people were like, what is this Yah.

(13m 17s):
Shooting, you know, what's going on? You know, be, but again, you gotta be courageous enough to tell the story, but know why you're telling it. And God is a god of love. And I don't care what any of us believe. You know, we, we want it to show that this is unconditional love. And if when you watch the movie, you see it from d When's uncle who said, Hey, I don't like what you're doing. I don't like the drugs, I don't like any of this, but I love you and I'm gonna see you through this. And I think that that's something that we all need right now. Just unconditional love. And I thought that was dope for that time period too. 'cause that time period was a time where I think most people wouldn't understand. And for the uncle to, to actually say, no, I don't care what you, what you do, what you're into, yes.

(13m 58s):
I want you to go to rehab. Yes. Right. But I love you And I, I thought that was amazing And I don't want your riches. Remember DW tried to buy the love, right? Yeah. Because it was like, okay, I'm getting money. Like now I want, this is how I'm gonna get you to like me. And the uncle was like, yeah, I don't need that. I love you just because I love you. And Go ahead. No, I was just gonna say, for me, honestly, the response for me, even all, even 20 years after doing Baby Boy helped me decide to do it. Emini here DW was like, you have to do it. You, you know, you have to play this role. Tressel was like, there's nobody else. You have to do it. And it wasn't the personal connection for me to DW and his mom that made me say yes, I learned with Baby Boy that so many women and so many mothers look to that story for permission to be complex and complicated in their motherson relationships.

(14m 45s):
Mama gotta Have a Life too. Come on now. And so you see, I popped right back. Right. And so when I, when I read the script and looked at the story, I liked the complexity of their relationship. I liked the complicatedness of it. And you know, I feel like that's love too. And especially in the, in, in families navigating the L-G-B-T-Q community. And so I wanted to, to do my part to give permission to these women as mothers and sisters and the families to, to know it's not, it's not easy and it's, and it's complicated, but, but you have permission to allow it to be. And so sometimes I think visually can change something. I I posted one of the scenes on my Instagram yesterday where he first comes to, to tell me on a phone call that he's gay.

(15m 26s):
And so even that as simple as that is like that's a thing in our culture. Yeah. Right. That's a thing in our community. Do I say it? Do I not? I interviewed a lot of gay trans families and so many gay men said they're 50 and they still haven't come out to their families. Wow. Right. So, so to me it is, it's another one for the culture. That's what I've been saying. I do gotta Ask one question. You just mentioned House Party, it just just made me think about it. I Said, baby Boy, but can talk about House Party. The reason I said House Party is my daughters dance. Right. And when I show them movies with people dancing that look like us, that's hip hop. We have to go back to House Party. And I would always wondering, why don't we do cultural movies like that anymore? Like we don't see those type of, of just, it don't have to be about the boys in the hood and, and and that, but like how Ain't nobody dancing?

(16m 8s):
They just on drugs. Right. The execs are not green lighting those types of projects. So we have to come together right. In our community and best with each other. Every single movie that I've ever produced under the Megamind Media banner, we have investors that say, I'm gonna put this money up because I want to see the movies that other people want Green Light. And that's what's making it happen. And just think about what's crazy about that because House Party just celebrated 35 years. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy. And we're still talking about still doing the dances still, which I love. And and then you got the other side of it.

(16m 49s):
Baby Boy is celebrating 20, 22 years. So it's like, if you're looking for the longevity in your content, it, it's kind of best to say, you know, why not? Why try to fix what's, what's not broken in terms of the just feel good comradery films, the family films. So a lot of times, you know, the studios are following the trends that's not necessarily what's gonna be talked about in 35 years. Right. I think the nineties, early two thousands was, was was more focused on black joy. Yeah. You know? I agree. And then somewhere along the line it just became about let's let's oppression in a lot of ways. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here, you know, sign of the government sign of the Times. Right. Sign sign of where we are. But I also think, which is what I love about Tressa and Mega my media, they're not afraid, which is how we came to Fighting To Be Me.

(17m 33s):
They're not afraid to take a stance and say, this story is important for the culture. It's not getting done. And we need to tell it. We, we need to talk about it. We need to to, to give support to it. And so here we are. And it's, you know, it's a, it's a visual support system. Y'all touch And I'm sorry, go ahead. I was gonna say, y'all touch so much stuff in the movie, I literally kept saying to myself, why haven't I heard of this movie? Why haven't I seen it? Some of this stuff could go viral. The names involved. And that was the first question I asked you this morning when I saw you like, yo, why I didn't hear about this before you guys were coming up here. And it's unfortunate 'cause it's really, really good. Like the She DW is so fly and it's just so fabulous. You like, oh okay, she was getting money with the, with the Gs, the gay Gangsters.

(18m 15s):
You don't, you love, at least what I watch it what I love. Have you seen it yet? Show Emini here. No, you gotta see it. He's gonna love the gay gangsters. I know, I know. What I love is, is watching, you know, I love how brilliantly we, we went through the timeline with the fashion. If you notice Mama Sins hair Yep. Changed from a certain bob to highlights to Platinum Blonde, you know, platinum Blonde. Were now he's killing it. You know, platinum Blonde. Were now till like mid nineties, late nineties. Right. So even the timeline and the dress, you know, Dow's hairstyles. Yes. The blowout, The leather wraparound top that you had on with the cut when DW called you from jail. Yes. I was like, oh, mom is getting money now. And they sitting up, you like, this is like gangsta fashion right now.

(18m 55s):
Like this is like drug Lord fashion. Yes. It's giving. And if you, if you don't know the nineties, you kind of gotta go back and research that. But if you really look, look at the nineties, that story, like you're saying the story is filled with so much that's different stories besides just what's happening. What did you guys decide to omit from the movie though? 'cause you even mentioned names directly. Like, but one name. Oh, You told me Zaire. Oh, who is, is Zaire is who is Zaire because Okay, so background. You gotta give 'em background for people who They see it. Yeah. Yeah. So, so Zaire was one of Dane's life loves that, that happened to be an up and coming rapper in the nineties, really popular, but was gay and a Muslim.

(19m 35s):
And so at the time, of course, you know, he wasn't out, but they were madly in love. And so, you know, in the story it portrays that that situation and the hardship of not just them being gay and lovers, but how does this work? And the fact that it didn't then or, or it doesn't now we don't know. Yeah. But once again, just, you know, we're talking about freedom. How many of of of people are fighting their sexuality because of their religious beliefs or their family? Their family. Yeah. You know, their, their upbringing, their family background. So that's one person in it. Emini here, a lot of names were changed. There's a couple of situations. I figured That it's not who you thought it was. No, definitely not. Who thought it was, I figured that name changed. She said Muslim. I'm like, nah wasn't Muslim. And I was like, wait, what? Who is it? Because y'all, y'all directly say other people's names.

(20m 16s):
And I'm like, that was done on purpose. But I get, I understand why. And There's also the, the whole reality star thing that sent him, that sent her back to prison. Yeah. Yeah. That's a name change. Okay. So you know, you have to, you have to go fire the Easter eggs as they call it, in, in, in cinema. The, the, the truth of the stories. But yeah, there's a lot, there's a lot that, and we're hoping to do a series 'cause there's so much Emini here, let me Just say this. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. We had an hour and a half to tell the story. But listen, Dwin, she gets it from somewhere. And that mama sin. That mama sin. Yeah. You know, there's a reason why she wants to say it. No, you keep the money. She was taking them first and them diamonds and the, the, the clothes and the move to LA there's a lot going on. You know, y'all mentioned support.

(20m 57s):
Support is important because you can make these films, but if nobody supports them, it won't make sense for you to do 'em. And it won't make sense for studios to buy them. So how important is support? Absolutely. We need the eyeballs on these projects. And, and so, you know, du Curry is currently streaming on BT Plus and we need everybody to go watch it. We, you know, Shane was plugged last night. AJ And I were in Times Square and we saw the billboard come up. Wow. Right. And we were so excited. Emini here, it was just like, okay, this is real. People are getting eyeballs on it. You know, we had a premiere last week, people started talking about it. But to Lauren's point, we need more people talking about it. And you know, I gotta say, even with these cultural, iconic, legendary projects, from my experience, it, it takes time, you know, for these stories that are not mainstream.

(21m 45s):
It takes time. You know, house Party was a small independent, when it first came out, baby boy didn't do it was a Sony picture, but it didn't really do great in the theater. And so now everybody's like, whoa, these are iconic classics. Yeah. But you know, once again, you just have to talk it up and market and you know, thank you guys for having us because we have to tell more of the community. You gotta watch, tune in, spread the word, you know, watch. So we get more of 'em done. Absolutely. Have you ever turned down a film because it wasn't good for business because you want to create art. Right. But yeah, it's still a business. Absolutely. So you ever say to yourself like, that might be a little tough. Yeah, True. I, I definitely think about distribution before I ever shoot anything, you know, and so it's, it's always keep in mind, independently it's my money.

(22m 28s):
So that means you are really thinking this through in terms of can I get this money back? Where can we go? Who's gonna support it? And does it have longevity? Because when you own your films in perpetuity, like right now, BET owns the rights to DNE Curry. Well five years from now you can start licensing that product to another platform. And so you have to think, you know, ahead of, ahead of the game going, okay, in 10 years who will still want to see this project? Right. And That's why she says it's important to own it because once the, the, the contract is up with a network, you go someplace and do what you want with it. Well, have you ever seen the meme AJ of there's a video of you in your garden as baby boy's mom and everybody's like, I now that we older we understand why her having this garden and having that blunt in the garden was so important.

(23m 16s):
You saw that meme before, Lord Lemme tell you something. Every time somebody posts it. Yes, I get it sent to me. Okay. 50,000 times. So when you see that Emini here, you probably understood that then because you were at, you know what Emini here, you were in it, you had to channel the character. But like when you see that and you see like, 'cause my generation is doing it, people younger than me are reposting it. Like that type of impact. Like, what's your response to that? Are you tired to get it? Are you Emini here? Didn't know. And listen, when I, when I shot the film, I didn't know. I didn't get it. So I feel like everybody else you didn't No, we believed You so bad. Yeah. Well I was acting, yeah. Emini here, but then I was, but I'm saying now that I'm older, I understand that stance, you know, in terms of just wanting the peace and finding your own place. Especially as women, you know, we're so busy doing and doing and doing that.

(23m 59s):
I now understand the importance of yeah, but where's the peace? Is it in your garden? Is it just with a glass of wine? Is it kicking it with your girls? So I understand. And the fact that it's become such a iconic moment, you never can predict that. You know, I, at least I can't, I I never, I never can predict what's gonna be iconic And I, I don't pick projects even thinking that I pick projects. 'cause I know that my divine assignment is to do projects where there's a message and you know, And I always think if I do this, it just hooks me up to think about it. If I do this project, can I change one life? Can I talk to one person and maybe shift their perspective? If the answer's yes, that's why I do it. So that's why you don't see me a lot, honestly in film.

(24m 39s):
It's gotta mean something. That's right. I can't just do the hot, the hot project or the hot script. If I can't find a reason for me to give a message, then it's not mine. What, what, what makes you want to do a film? 'cause you know, when I watch Baby Boy now I got a whole different perspective of it than I did 20 years ago. So what made you want to do that film 20 years ago? What was the message in it for you? The message was, you know, single moms are not necessarily the, the downfall. And to give single moms hope in once again, like I said, that that prepared me for Fighting To Be Me. You know, single moms, especially in the hood, are learning, growing up and learning with their kids that, you know, I wanted to give them permission to fail and, and, and to keep moving.

(25m 22s):
And that love always wins. Even Mama Sin said, not knowing that she was, she was confirming what I knew from the experience of Baby Boy when I was researching with Mama Sin and just making her go deep about why certain things that I knew were gonna be depicted in this film. She finally said tears streaming. She said, you know, fear can lead but love has to win. Mm. And so that's, that's what made me go okay, because as black women in these situations, a lot of times we're leading and living in fear. And so if the film can depict, step out the fear and do what you know you have to do. Whether it's putting your son out. 'cause it's time for him to learn how to be a man on his own and you can't do it. Or whether it's, you know, sending your, your drug addict gay son away in the nineties because you know, he at the time doesn't know who he she is.

(26m 7s):
Then sometimes love is doing the hard thing. And so if God's choosing me to do it on film, I gotta do it baby. That's how I felt too watching when you watch Baby Boy now, it's like at first when you first see it, you think this is a movie about this young man. Yeah. But it's really about the women and the women in his life and how he has to eventually break the cycle, I think of single motherhood in a matter way. Yes. And lemme tell you now that it's years later, one of the things my dear love and friend John Singleton, when Sony told him that they wanted a PG rating, it was, it was, it was shot to be r 'cause it was a lot of the women, the sexuality and all that. Sony said they wanted PG and pushed the film with Tyrese and Snoop because they were the hot, the hot talents at MTV at the time.

(26m 54s):
That wasn't the story though. So they actually gave John millions of dollars tore shoot some of the film to focus on them. A lot of the chase scenes at the end, you know, Snoop coming outta jail, he was on the phone most of the time in the original script. And it was about me and Ving and the relationship Taraji and, and Tyree. But the studio was like, that's not the story. Wow. What's funny now is what you just said all these years later. It is exactly the story isn't that deep. Yeah. Because the family, you, you ended up with Ving Ra so that that's that's a full family now. Yeah. Yeah. You know, Tyrese and Seraji ended up together. So that's a full family. Now the only person that got left out was Tyrese's first baby mama. Yeah, Right. She Ain't nobody. She the only one. She the only One. It be like that sometimes, you know, I wanna just give AJ a shout out.

(27m 34s):
'cause I was thinking about as you were talking, they don't know your, your presence on set. Oh, when AJ comes on set, everybody is going to leave fulfilled. You're gonna get schooled and you don't even know that you're getting schooled. You're gonna get some inspiration and you don't even realize that it's coming. People, you, you change so many lives when you're on set, You Know, you always do. I I hope so. 'cause I know now that when I go on set, I'm not there to boost my celebrity. You know, I'm not there Emini here. Honestly, I've, I've been doing this since I was 20, so you know, the red carpets, I get it. But you already know, you know, life is more than that. At least for me. It is.

(28m 14s):
And to be able to travel and live in other countries, it's way more than that. So for me, when I go on set, I know it's a divine assignment to just show people at this age and stage that your life can be full. And it doesn't have to be about chasing the next project. Like even now when I'm doing interviews in red carpets for this, so what's your next project? And I said Collie generous, still asking that like after 20, 30 years. And I say, you know what, I don't freaking know and I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that. I'm producing, you know, I'm looking for projects, we're looking for scripts so we don't know yet. But Emini here, I couldn't say that with confidence 20 years ago because that just wasn't the thing to do. Right. But now the freedom I live with That's right. The freedom is amazing. So I'm just trying to, you know, be an example on set And I know that's why I'm there.

(28m 55s):
Now I gotta I gotta ask, you attended and you graduated Spelman Yeah. In Atlanta. Now you're also a member of Delta Sigma Theta Have been for Years now. You heard the spa yesterday morning when we were talking about the, the, the young man that lost his life by Hazing. I'm so glad you're bringing us out. Go ahead And wanted you to break that down. We were talking about is hazing, should fraternities and sororities should, should they still be doing hazing at this point? Okay. How much time we got? Go ahead. Have Time because Okay, let's know your rank as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So let's start with the fact that I pledged at 17, one of the youngest undergraduate pledges at Spelman at the time. And then through my, my my stay at Spelman, I became vice president of the chapter, which then gives me dean of pledges as, as a new, when the new line comes in and D of probates, the difference between those is D of pledges is you, you bring the new pledges in and see them through the process.

(29m 49s):
D of probates means you carry them through the end of the process because it's a, it's a process. And so having those two positions, I can comfortably say that hazing is a personal thing. It's not an organization thing. When I say that, meaning if you've been hazed before and you want to interject that on a new pledge, that's a personal thing. My pledge period was no walk in the park. It was not. And so one of the reasons I wanted to become dean of pledges is to say that's not necessary. And again, we're talking about undergraduate pledging. So when you are 25 and 26 and you're no longer even in the school and you're still coming back to be part of the pledge period, that's also a personal thing.

(30m 30s):
Like what are you missing and why are you coming back to inflict possibly deadly fatal force. If you're in the institution and you're a member of the chapter nine times outta 10, you're being raised in the way that the chapter is being raised. And so nowadays hazings not allowed. So again, I'm still going to, there's something personal, a personal vendetta that that's somebody's exercising in that. The other side of it is, as dean of pledges, I'm in control and that's just it. I'm in control of not only who's around the pledges within the chapter, but also the visiting members of the organization that come back. So it's my say who gets to be around the pledges, period. So that job only goes to, we were talking about this, that job only goes to a strong spirit, an authoritative spirit to make sure that the pledges stay safe.

(31m 18s):
So were there sorrows coming back around when I was dean of pledges? Absolutely. Was I the one saying, no, we're not doing that. No, you can't be there and you know who they are. See that's the other thing. A lot of these, a lot of these hazers, you know who they are or you know the potential they have. So they're not strangers to your organization or to your chapter. You have to stand up and say that's gonna be a no. Now when you look at tradition, right. 'cause you know a lot of people that been through the process might say, I've been paddled before. Right? Yeah. A lot of people say I might been whatever before. Yeah. And usually those things don't kill you, don't hurt you. Right. In situations it can happen. Yes. So What do you say in that situation In terms of when you, when you have those things going like pat, Like paddle right?

(31m 59s):
That that's something that a lot of, so sororities and fraternities said that that has happened before, right? Yes. But you can get hit with a paddle and die. Yes. And so, so here's the open honesty. So I've been paddled usually when have, Oh, did you make the Century Club? The lady called this morning and said she was at the Century Club. I did. I did. I made the Century Club. You were young. So are you allowed to talk About that? Not beyond me saying Emini here. I'm part of the Century Club. Yeah, I was gonna say, 'cause normally I, I don't know how much you could talk about, but I have a, I have friends that have been younger on the line. Yeah. And they got a little bit worse because they were younger. Yeah. I don't know if your experience lean leaning toward that either too, because you were younger, like they were making examples. I don't know if that was the case. Emini here. I do believe sometimes that is the case.

(32m 40s):
I don't necessarily think that was the case with my line and, and when I pledged it was a lot of suspended chapters. It was a lot of, you know, not having lines for years. So, you know, but once again, we're talking about a different time, right. We're talking about early, you know, late eighties, early nineties. So it's a whole different time. But what I say is once and you're, you're typ typically blindfolded, so you don't know who it is. You don't know what's happening. Right. So to me, once I became a member of the chapter and started seeing how that works, there's things that can replace that. You know, that's, that's, that's tradition that doesn't need to stay. Gotcha. And that's what I feel, you know, there's traditions that don't need to stay Emini here. When I was dean of pledges and a lot of my pledges are gonna say, I had them exercising Emini here.

(33m 23s):
That was punishment enough. Right. You don't know your founders more mile. And they were like, oh man, really? It's like, you know, there there's different forms of, of teaching and being authoritative without it being physical abuse. Yeah. I just Feel like if it's college, it should be something more cerebral. Well I'm just like Emini here. There's just, it doesn't have to be physical abuse period. And that's just my stance. But you know, sometimes people will say that the graduate people that's that's in the fraternity of sorority are not looked as the same as the people that actually quote unquote pledged Grad chapter. Grad chapter, chapter. Correct. Well that's true. And then we also, some organizations in the D nine also have honorary members. Now what I say as having pledged is what's most important to me is the union and the comradery of me having had line sisters, some of my best friends to this day as, as separate as our lives have gone.

(34m 10s):
Kids, no kids teacher, I'm in Hollywood, we're still connected because we helped each other through a, a trying process as we were teenagers. You're not getting that in in graduate. Right. And you're dad, you're definitely not going through that when you're in an, when you're an honorary. An honorary. So I think we have to value an undergrad. We have to value the truth of the process and know that it doesn't have to be physically abusive, especially when it can be fatal. Now also talk about the importance of sororities and fraternities. Because Charlemagne was like, shoot, I might as well do blood or Crip. Like I heard you, I asked that too earlier when, when we started talking. Yeah. And I said, Hey, tell me what is the biggest benefit now at your age. I said, because I didn't pledge, because I didn't like seeing what some of my friends online were going through.

(34m 55s):
I was like, give it to me. I said, tell Me you think so I feel like aesthetic you give AKA but internally you give Deltas. That's what I think. Yeah. We could change the aesthetic. Right, Right. No, no, no. Because Deltas be like, you know what? Emini here, deltas are those girls, period. I know what you mean, but I I do think you, there's a look. Do I know what you mean period? I do. I do. But can you talk about that from undergrad and then graduate? Like what's the importance? Undergrad and then graduate of being part what? Benefits? Yeah, benefits. I don't think, I don't think it changes. I think it matures. I don't, I don't think the benefit changes in undergrad. You know, when you're studying, when you're looking to graduate and, and find a job, you know you've got generations of women that have gone that are with you, that have gone before you, that are gonna be a help that you won't normally have.

(35m 39s):
You've got sorority members that are in corporations that, that may be able to get your resume in a different position and faster than if you weren't a member. And remember, I'll speak for mine. You know, there's a certain GPA that is required to pledge. And so you've got a certain intellect going back to the collegiate thing, you've got a certain intellect to even qualify. Y'all don't play about education. No, We don't. And so our foundation, our foundation is service and education. So that's Why didn't will like they, some fraternities and s that they want you bad enough, they'll figure it out. But Delta does not play about that. We don't, that is their number one thing. They don't play about the, And I, and I'm gonna tell you, even in the the graduate level, it's even strict with being, being a grad, you having a graduate degree.

(36m 28s):
At this point I probably wouldn't have made line outside of undergrad 'cause I don't have the, the, the graduate level education that's required.

(36m 36s):
The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.

(37m 36s):
This Is Ashley Aade from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with future health, you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.

(38m 6s):
Prohibition.

(38m 7s):
It's no secret that banning alcohol didn't stop people from living it up In the 1920s, When we're five years into prohibition, the government is starting to go, okay, this isn't working. In fact, you might even say it backfired spectacularly, I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu we're taking you back to the 1920s and the tale of formula six because what you probably don't know about prohibition is that American citizens were dying in massive numbers due to poisoned liquor. And all along, an unlikely duo was trying desperately to stop the corruption behind it. They Were like superhero crusaders turning the page on a system that didn't work, wasn't fair and was corrupt. So how did prohibition's war on alcohol go so off the rails that the government wound up poisoning its own people to find out, listen and subscribe to Snafu on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(39m 11s):
Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. And Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew of, obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra, Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.

(40m 11s):
So that's part of it. And and so what what happens is the organization is building a, a platform and a, a funnel of education like mind, like-minded, like spirited women. So now you've got all these women who are successful in their own right, helping each other worldwide. So they're worldwide organizations. I can travel whether it's Australia, Africa, and I'm meeting a saara who's saying, Hey, what are you trying to do? Hey, what are you trying to do? Well, let's connect. Or I know a saara who's or who's. So I don't know where I would be, whether it's Hollywood or, or just in my life if I didn't have SAS to call on. And now it's bigger than Delta for me it's now D nine because as a, as a Hollywood personality, it's more than just Delta.

(40m 52s):
I've got friends and colleagues that are a k, a and Zeta. And, and so now it's even bigger because now we have more of a D nine sorority going than just Delta or just AKA or just Zeta or just Sigma Gamero. So it's, it's really a like-minded, like spirited from the beginning. Is There a film y'all would wanna make about the D nine? That's, that's confirmation. Your confirmation. We talked, we just because of this, we were talking about it because I was saying Resa, I've, I've seen where TV shows and movies have tried to touch on it, but they rarely use true Greeks to consult. That's true. And so it's always been a problem for me to have pledged and obviously passionate about it, but not, but them not getting the, the intricate details.

(41m 32s):
Right. Not that we tell the secrets of the organization, but there's still things that could help people better understand why we pledge. Right. The fact that you're even asking that means that the stories that have been told have not been accurate enough. We not, not, not only that it's bigger than in other communities or in other cities than other, like I'm from New York, right? Yeah. So fraternities and sororities we didn't see as much, but I had roommates from India down South Mississippi and Atlanta. So it was everything for them. And Legacy, my dad, this did this, haven't did this. Yeah. Still. Yeah. So when you have those roommates and they're telling you about it and, and what it does, it, it hypes you up to be like, damn, I I think I want to do that. Which put me onto, 'cause I never heard anything about it, but they would always say, you know, when I graduate my, my, my brother's gonna help me get this job.

(42m 13s):
My fraternity brother's gonna help me in this lane. He's gonna guide me when it comes to this. And I was like, that's things coming from, I feel like That's what people see via cinema because if they saw that it would make, it would probably inspire People to wanna be, it's hard to explain to people who haven't been on A-H-B-C-U campus and actually went to the school because you know that while you're there, but like you see it. Yeah. You see, yeah, you feel it. Like the Greek impact. That's why like when Kamala was getting all that flack for like going and speaking to Greek organizations over whatever, I'm like didn't understand if people understood the power of the Divine nine and what they can do when they unified, they would get it. But for people who've never been on A-H-B-C-U campus, you don't feel the power in the culture that Divine Nine brings. And I think it is because we are not seeing it in cinema, maybe consistently in the right way. That's Confirmation.

(42m 53s):
Charmaine, we looking for investors? Yeah, for sure. I'm always Down for that. You know her leading lady too, or Yeah. Well, You know, a Co-lead period. But wait, is that why Judge Mathis is one of the, he's like the produ, he's a EP on the DW Curry GV because he is, do you know him be through the He's a, he's a, So I Alpha, So, so Judge actually took in both the Tena Welch story and the DW care story to BET because BET was doing the American Gangsters series got. And so both of those projects, they had episodics, which I think it was like maybe 45 minutes. And so those were the two projects that BET said, all right, let's, let's make this a full biopic.

(43m 36s):
But Judge Mathis was the one that took them in. He had relationships with both of them. Got you. And then they introduced Judge to me and then that's how we Made Oh, I thought because he's an alpha And I thought y'all might have like known each other just like in that No, it was like, it helped make a deeper connection. Got you. No, but I just, I just wanna add something about the Greek thing, you know, after spending time in Africa, another thing that I actually took a break 'cause I was so, I was so busy in undergrad with Delta. I took a break because I just, I, I was, I was burned out. What made me wanna come back to the organization here is because we don't have, as Americans, we don't have the sense of village that, that we had on the continent. So families live in compounds, you know, families work together, families grow together as Americans, we don't have that.

(44m 20s):
And so I feel like that's another reason why a lot of us pledged is to have that comradery in terms of as we move through life here, our families separate, you know, as we get adults and we, and we marry, we separate in Africa, the the, the new wife comes, the husband comes, the kids come and ev and then we stay together. So 'cause we don't have that experience, I think that's what makes a lot of us pledge. But I think that's what the Greek organizations based here in America have to remember that we're creating villages is it's not about killing people. It's crazy You said that when I went to years ago, years ago, I went to Johannesburg to do some parties and do some shows and the person that I went there, I went to visit him and the way that he lived, he bought the property next door to his house and then brought the property next door to their house.

(45m 5s):
And they all lived like in a big compound. And I just thought it was amazing. That's why my daughter still lives in my house now at 23. I just like that. Yeah. I love the fact that you have that community. I, I don And I don't know where we got to the point where it's like, you turn 21, you gotta get the fuck outta my house. I hate those. Well, We were taught that that's They're not because they're not ready Emini Here. We, we were taught that. I like the fact that I can see my daughter every day and, and it is what it is. She has a boyfriend. That's fine. I love the fact that everybody's in the same house, same community. We cook together, we play games together, we do this, we do that. There's no other feeling. But it's also a safety for myself. I know where everybody is. I was gonna ask one thing that Louis V said, which is our program director from Atlanta, he said the hardest thing about the divine nine is people don't pay their dues.

(45m 46s):
And he said, because of that, a lot of times y'all don't have the power that y need 'cause y'all don't have the money and funding. Is that true? I I think it's an individual thing per organization, but I know that, you know, I also feel like dues paying has got to be more appealing in terms of what the organization is gonna do. You know, for me, because I'm a soul that's into service. I'm traveling The World in service Emini here, I work for orphanages in, in Ghana and Senegal, and I'm, I'm still doing what I was trained to do as a Delta, but to be in a chapter in an organization, I have to be attracted to what that chapter is gonna do. And if I'm paying dues, I need to know what's my money being put towards.

(46m 27s):
And I think that's where a lot of organizations, the D nine organizations have to elevate in terms of what are they really doing with the financial obligation. And so I, you know, there's always room to grow. So, we'll see. Well, last question for you. What, what's your, what would you rate your most impactful, culturally impactful role of all your roles? Oh My goodness. You know, honestly, I've seen where, you know, a house party has done its thing and continues to do its thing. You know, I can't deny that, you know, people are still running up to me in Times Square at the airport. Are they Trying to dance with you? Everyone does. Yes. Yes. Do you do it? Yes. You know? Yes.

(47m 7s):
A lot of that has to do with the fact you have not aged Ma, I told her that one I two. I'm like, yo, she broke it down right out here before we came in office Had had, Hey, soon hit. I was like, Hey. Yes. And then of course, baby boy, you know, it's, it has, its, its plunge. And you see how, to me, every project, And I can't speak for every actress, but I know the way God moves with me, every project pushes me into the next one. So, as you heard me say, baby boy helped prepare me for, for Fighting To Be Me, this is my first installment of taking a stance. Anything L-G-B-T-Q. And so that's a whole nother culture. Right. And community for me. So let's Emini here. I I, I'm sure this project's gonna do something in that community, in that space, but as a African American culture, that's part of our culture.

(47m 52s):
So I just think that for people to have seen me so much in Baby Boy, and so many people have grown up with me, you were saying that Yeah, right. Have grown up with me in the culture. I think when I step on screen, it's just part of it anyway. And I, And I take that to my advantage and it Becomes impactful. Yeah. I know that. Like I said, I know when I step on screen in a roll like this, I know people are gonna pay attention. And so I take that seriously. Oh, you did A great job. You this role. I'm sorry, go On. No, I was just telling her, you did a great job as DWS mom and You haven't met her. Who? Dw D'S mom. Oh, Like in person. Person. The real mama said, oh, no, no, no. Yeah, she crazier than how you were on screen. Yes. Because you put a gun to it. Don't tell, don't tell. Oh, okay. Don't tell. I pull a gun. Let's Just say that. I pull a You do Early on in the movie Too.

(48m 33s):
Yeah. I pull a gun, I do put a cigarette on the other Hand, I, I do, I pull a gun. Look, you see, I, I go straight into mama sin. Straight into her. Yeah. Yeah. She's a, she's a, she's a, she's a, a a, a colorful person. And so, and so even that, you know, I was a little nervous because there's a, there's a risk as an actress, And I talked to Tress about this, and the director when we were filming, there's a risk as an actress that people think, okay, where, where is all this coming from? And AJ's portrayal, that's who she is. That's really who she is. So, Emini here, when you look at the characters in the story that are real people, you, you get to see, okay, this, this whole story is really colorful.

(49m 13s):
I'll Just say that. You were gonna ask something. No, I was gonna say, what's the story that you, that you want to tell Tressler? Ultimately, I think I want a faith-based or faith-based adjacent project that will appeal to the masses and get stories told that people wouldn't ordinarily listen to because they hear faith-based and then they run. Right. What's faith-based adjacent, Faith-based adjacent is, for example, I'm getting ready to shoot a movie that is a crime drama slash faith-based, where it's a, it's a, it's a story about crime and activity that's going on. But then there's this devout Christian mother that has to make a decision where she's like, you know what?

(49m 56s):
I believe in the Lord, however, you just mess with my child and we get ready to have a problem. Mm. So if you tell stories like that where people, it's, it is real life, you know? 'cause people think that being a Christian means I'm, I'm perfect. That's not what that means. And so I wanna tell a story that will relate to the masses where they can see, oh wow. Like I can, I can have faith, but still be human. I'm not perfect. Doesn't mean I have to do everything. Right. So I wanna tell a story like that, And I wanna do it in a big way with, with a excellent cast. And AJ's gonna be my ep. Yes. Charlemagne's gonna invest, Lauren's gonna be in the movie dj, what you doing? I do whatever you need.

(50m 36s):
What's gonna be your role? I do a little Bit of everything. I can act, I can invest, I can Bit, you can figure the soundtrack and the, and the sound and all that. But you know what, even though we're using this as an example, that is what, and She's serious, By the way. I was gonna say that. Oh, I'm definitely, you do that in she serious. Oh, I know. But, but you do that in real life. Like, I don't think people understand how lit it is. Like, even with me, like first time pitching a show, I got on the phone with her and she was like, okay, so yeah, that's, that's done. What else you wanna do? And I was like, I had pitched to so many networks directly And I talked to her and she was like, And I was like, this is crazy. 'cause it's like, it's another black woman, so she gets it. But you do, you've empowered so many people through that and they're making real money.

(51m 16s):
Like Yeah. That's another thing. 'cause when you independently do stuff, you don't see a return. But like so many people, country wanes. So many people are making money off of the projects you take to these networks as well. Like, that is Major. I'm just the vessel. And so what I like to do is go in the room, we figure out how we can work together, because that's the only way we're gonna make it, is if we collaborate. Everybody's out here trying to be cutthroat. Me, me, me. That's not how the we, that you can't do it that way. Right. And they're expecting us to be cutthroat. 'cause they know we can't win that way. Yeah. So we have to change it. That's right. And they're, and they're telling us a lot and loud that they're expecting us to act a certain way. And so it's up to us to, to change the narrative. So when she call, y'all answer the phone.

(51m 56s):
'cause she gonna really call y'all trust what you Just said. I'm dead serious. Listen. And it don't take long with her. That's right. And what's this role preparing you for next? You know, I, I think it's, and this is interesting. After baby boy, I was offered the mama role, the mama role 57, the mama role, 65. And I, I, I was, And I turned a lot of it down because I was using baby boy as critical acclaim as an actress to do more action. That's really what I wanted to do. And so that didn't really happen. Not, I don't think because of me. It's just that, that genre, nobody was looking for a black action star at the time. And so now I realize that there is, what's the word?

(52m 41s):
There's appetite, a adoration, appetite. Oh, what'd you say? I said Appetite. Yeah, appetite, yeah. Appetite, adoration, respect for what I bring to these roles. And so now I'm looking at story, I'm looking for, for, for stories that can, can, can talk about our culture, whether it's the mama role or whether it's the, the teacher, something. But I'm just, I'm, I'm looking more for scripts where there's parts of our culture that aren't being displayed on screen and not so much. Now if I can wear hot pants and carry a gun, then I'm good with that too. But, but you know, Emini here, I've always wanted to do Flo Jo's story. Ooh, yeah. I've been hearing about that forever. Yeah.

(53m 21s):
And so, so somebody Had to write to it. I forgot who had it. Yeah. And I, I Can't remember. They, we have to go back to that. 'cause John Singleton And I were gonna, we're trying to do it right after baby Boy. And then, you know, it just, he, his, his focus shifted and we just didn't get it done. But again, not even just the biopic of the athlete, but just the life of an athlete at that time and what it took to be so great and to still be a woman and to, to, to be so courageous in her fashion. It's like what we know, you know, we, we see Serena doing it. We see other women doing it. But Flo Jo started it. And so I like those kind of stories of let's let's know who we, where we come from. That's the other side. I, I like going back into our history so that people don't think it's just happening. You know? We are, we are, we got a bad history behind us.

(54m 4s):
Okay. And I wanna tell those stories too. Yeah. It was, I think Tiffany had, I feel like Tiffany had Tiffany. She, yeah, she, well, she was supposed to play, she Was starring and producing in a biopic about Flo Joe. I don't know what happened though. And Then I didn't hear anything else after that probably. 'cause I'm supposed to do it. That was back In 20. Or me and Tiffany, or me and Tiffany Emini here again. It's collaboration. Yeah. So Emini here, I don't know, but that's what I'm saying. Emini here, I, I want to get that story done. She was very instrumental. Flo Jo Emini here was very instrumental when I was little in my work ethic, you know, and just, you know, taking care of my body. And so, you know, my, my my physical existence now is a large result of her. Wow. And so, oh, for sure. You know Gail Deavers, they were the track greats then.

(54m 45s):
And so now, because I ran track in high school, I pay attention to like, you know, Sonya Richardson and, and the, the Stars now. Ari. Ari, yeah. Ari. So, so, you know, what I see is it doesn't change the work ethic doesn't change. The generations do, but there's a mind space and a work ethic that doesn't change. And that needs to be seen and taught more than just seeing them at the Olympics. Absolutely. So I'm looking for stories like that too. Question, what? Like, would you ever do a story about Polygamy, but being, being the woman who has, Who deals in it? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you dibble dabble in. Yeah. How Is that? Amazing. Ooh, amazing. But I'll tell You all he stealing your thunder though.

(55m 25s):
Neil think he the guy now. Well He, you know, listen, He, He could have the thunder because he's doing for a whole different reason. Lemme lemme say this since we're bringing it up. My, my space in it honestly is because since I've been exposed to different cultures and different religious and spirit practices around The World, my thing is I haven't, I haven't found a lot of men in America who, who are really appealing to me. Spiritually, physically, emotionally, mentally. So my thing is, I've got the athlete that I hang out with. I've got the spirit that I pray with. You know, I've got the person that's adventurous that I travel with.

(56m 6s):
So it's more lifestyle Right. Than it is the sexual connection for me. It's, it's more like I'm not in a relationship. So I have more than one man I spend time with. So whatever you don't get over here, you could get here. Here for Here. Now my soul is actually monogamous. Okay. But because I can't find that, I don't stop. Did did you decide to di dibble and dabble in poly Polygamy after that breakup you mentioned that took you to Africa? Or it was before that? Before That. Okay. Years ago. It was before that. Wow. Okay. It was way before that. And so, and so, me having a relationship after that was me trying monogamy again. And a large part of me was bored. You know, intellectually I was bored again, I wanna travel The World.

(56m 47s):
I wasn't finding a lot of African American men who are building their lives to do that. I even say now when I meet men, I say, you know, I carry five currencies on any given day. How many currencies do you have? Oh, Okay. God dang. And That's not a flex, that's just, But it's intimidating for sure. Well, I see here we go with that. It's intimidating. Trying get more money up in one place. I got Amex, Amex can go anyway. I got Amex. Yeah. But Emini here, think about in the pandemic when the, when the American passport couldn't get us outta here. Right. That's Real. I gotta leave you 'cause I gotta, I got another passport. I got other currencies. Even without the passport. I wasn't even a dual citizen until 2022. In 2020 I went to three different countries because I had cash.

(57m 29s):
I was prepared. I tell you, I got the email, right. So I had cash in the currency. So Emini here again, this is just my life, right? It's not like I'm trying to say I don't want an American man. I'm just saying my, my international life, my global options take me into different cultures. And it Would be cool if that man had the same just on the other side. If he had a woman for this, a woman for that woman for that and you for traveling. As long as he's okay with me doing the same thing, we're gonna have fun. Okay. See that's a story. Yeah. I said I would love To hear about that. Yeah. That's a story. Because I feel like there's so much things that we're not going to be taught because especially what's going on in this country as far as, you know, the book banning and all types of stuff. But I feel like those type of things we need to see how are we gonna get exposed to other coaches.

(58m 9s):
Yeah, That's what I'm saying. It's so interesting because, you know, when I start talking about it, the, the men got offended and all of a sudden I was the queen of running trains. The queen of running trains is crazy. Right. And then the women were empowered. 'cause a lot of women were saying, you know, I want, I wanted to explore that, but I've been afraid to, or I can't believe you're talking about it publicly. And I would say even by, in the background of it, it's not just a sexual experience. Right. That's what, that's what us as Americans think. That's the first thing I thought of. Like, Yeah, it's not, yeah, it's not just a sexual experience. It's, it's like I can be, I can be not even sexually active, but, but I'm still getting full from my spiritual partnership, my adventure partnership and my travel, my fitness partnership.

(58m 53s):
You know, the guy I pray with may not wanna hike. Mm. You see what I'm saying? And the guy that wants to hike and pray may not wanna travel or can't. It doesn't mean I stop my life. So Neo got a lot of flack. Well, not, well not a lot. But like Neo has kids, right? And his, one of his kids' mom came out about the way that, I guess he's talking about his lifestyle so openly because of their kids. Yeah. And like, yeah. Then it started a whole conversation about like, how do you explain this to your kids? Do you bring the people the, 'cause there's multiple partners around the kids and like all of that. I know you have a son. I Don't. Oh, I don't have any kids. Oh, Google said you did. Really? Yes. They Gave have one, one son their name and everything Has one son.

(59m 33s):
Brantley. Who Is that? Somebody about to come out. Somebody about come. You have No idea who that is because I'm like, I ain't never, I follow your Instagram. I've never seen you post a kid. But I was like, lemme double check. And I'm only here going wait minute. I thought you were a celebrity that kept your kid out of the sky. No, No. Emini here. This don't apply to you then. But how do you feel about that conversation? 'cause I'm sure you've had that a conversation with your family members in general. Well, I think this, you know, if you live an open and honest life, then there's nothing ever to hide. And so for me, I can't speak because I don't have kids, but I feel like there's a respectful way if that's a lifestyle. I feel the same way about, you know, a gay parenting with a kid. You know, if, if two gay men adopt or wanna raise a kid or two, gay women are raising a family, there's a way that that family is raised and and trained to understand.

(1h 0m 21s):
And so even when that kid is going to school with heterosexual other parents or having sleepovers and there's a different way that they're being raised and taught what that lifestyle's like. So I don't know, I don't know much about Neo's thing. I'm, I'm not wild with mine. I'm not, it's not something that I promote because it's not about that. Yeah. It's, it's about me making sure that I'm full and what that means as a global woman. Global woman. I know, I know that. Right. Listen Again, she is intimidating Lauren. Think like, now how can I figure out Message to you? I would, that's The name of the movie Trusts a global woman. A Global woman. Yeah. And I have one in Delaware.

(1h 1m 2s):
I can have one in New York. I could have one in Philly. That is not what I'm thinking about. So here, Here's a question. Here's a question real quick for you two. So I know you, I know you have women, but how do you feel about that woman perspective? Would, would you allow it? No. Would you allow it? Allow, I don't know what, how can you stop a woman from doing what you want to do it, But how do you feel? Would you be comfortable with her? Would you be comfortable? Would you stay with your wife? No. No, I wouldn't Emini here. I would, I wouldn't personally. No. Can you Tell me Why? I'm too insecure. Okay. That's fair. That's fair. Like I want my woman name. My woman. That's very, I'm so proud of you. Who said That? I like it. Look At the eyebrows. Why? It's for the same part of, part of it is probably for what Envy said.

(1h 1m 44s):
But you wouldn't Just say that out loud. Most, I guess we would have 23. I've Been married for 28, 20 Years. Yeah. I've known my, my woman for 26 years. But I guess we would have to have the conversation like, 'cause you said you have all of these different guys for different things. Right? So what is it that I'm not fulfilling that? Right. That I think that conversation has to happen first. Yeah. To decide To see what it is. Yeah. See, I love that. But I, but if it, but if it's something that you can't fulfill or you're not interested in, do you feel like she's supposed to acquiesce and compromise? Or are there concessions? There's that, that that compromises concession. My, my my devotion Or do you feel like there's concessions that can be made so that you're both happy and fulfilled? That's tough, man.

(1h 2m 24s):
That's tough's Tough. I do because I, I think if if presented if the other way, if presented the other way, if she, if your wives came to you and was like, Hey y'all, I think it'd be fun for us to try Polygamy for like six months. What would y'all say Now? Talk. Talk. Same thing. Why women? Because I'm not missing nothing. Like I'm not Yeah. Now it's different. It's different because Long term relationship, what she wanna do, she wanna hike. I hike. You wanna pray? I pray. You wanna travel, let Travel. No. Emini here. Like if G I'm everything. No, No, no. If Gia said I'm okay with you having hypothetically I'm okay with us having three other wives, It's a trap. No, I'm, I'm happy for what I have. I wouldn't want that. I wouldn't want like what Neo has to deal with. I wouldn't want deal with that.

(1h 3m 5s):
And, And let's be Clear, maybe a girlfriend. Don't I don want the girlfriend. I don't want the girlfriend. I want the boyfriend. Lauren brought It up, Right? I want the boyfriend. I want the girlfriend. So, so here's what's interesting. If Your wife want a boyfriend, you cool with that? No. He already said no. See, but that's what I'm saying. That's the, that's what I was trying to get into that, that standard of like, I think when Neo does it, and people will have things to say, but it's like, oh shoot Neo. But when people hear you say it, it's like, what did you say? They called you train something. Oh, The guys. Yeah, that, that I was queen of the trains. Yeah. It's like, it's, it's such a Different thing. I title for the movie too.

(1h 3m 46s):
S that Standard Be crazy. It Listen, I still get comments. Oh, listen to the Queen of the trades talking So Emini here. Well, I have a movie with Neo and ever, ever since that everybody's like, Hey, I watched what's the name of that movie? And I said, it's nothing like that name of the movie, the name it's sound, it's called The Sound of Christmas. He's the lead in a Christmas movie like that. But when people realize it, you know, just because they're talking about Neo a lot now. Yeah. They're like, yeah, we know Ne is in your movie. What's the name? And I was like, it's not like that. What I was gonna say is, the difference with them is you all have been in long-term relationships. This mountain Valleys, mountains and valleys.

(1h 4m 27s):
No relationship is perfect of course. But you know, for me, I think it's also individual because I started my career so young that trying to find that kind of relationship in Hollywood, you know, I wanted it, I couldn't find it. You know, at that time, everybody that could have been a potential partner, we were all trying to get our foot in the door. Yeah. And so whether it's athlete, producer, director, talent, it wasn't happening for me like that. But I still wanted my life. So it's not so much, I wanna make sure it's clear, even for the people listed, it's like, it's not like I'm just saying I want more than one man. That's why I said my heart and my soul is monogamous. Yeah. But if I can't have that, then what do I do? Mm, Yeah, that's fair.

(1h 5m 7s):
Like, until you get it. Yeah. Because we found a couple of potentials for you, but then we had to boot 'em out. Yeah. Is It tough because you're aj like you, you are, they see you and it's like, oh shoot, I watch now they asked me movie credits and things behind the scenes that We don't know. Well, that, you know what, I'll tell you. It, it helps dating internationally because a lot of the international men don't know, or they don't really care because they're, they're of a certain financial status themselves, a certain social status themselves. And so I'm, I like Where You be hanging out. Listen, okay, we gotta travel boo. We gotta travel. And so it's not important to their culture, you know? Got you. And so, you know, they acknowledge it and they respect it. But we're not connecting on that, that level.

(1h 5m 49s):
We're connecting more on spiritual level. We, what are we doing for the country? Right. Which is where I'm at in, in my own self. Go ahead. There You have it. Somebody trust. We appreciate y'all for joining us. Ain't no sun. Ain't no sun. And do not take Lauren with you. We take Lauren with you. She's single. She's single. She can't find somebody. Look, look Lauren, Lauren's Looking at me with the cock, Honey, thank you. Oh yeah, don't settle. That's my final statement. Whoever it is, don't settle. Be a woman with global options. It's crazy how she acting like she don't got options though. You know, Dawn Valentine's Day, three different guys sent her flowers Up. That's a lie. Charlamagne ordered the same flowers.

(1h 6m 29s):
He did that. I know that what he did three different guys in our flowers on Valentine's Day. That is not true. Oh, It was the same guy from three different Flos. No, same Floris, three different flowers. You think all, all these guys that went to the same Flos, Maybe it was the one closest to here. Flowers. That's it. He's lying. I love him. First. I I The Breakfast Club. Good morning, y'all wake that ass up early in the morning.

(1h 6m 55s):
The Breakfast Club Prohibition is synonymous with speakeasies, jazz, flappers, and of course failure. I'm Ed Helms and on season three of my podcast snafu, there's a story I couldn't wait to tell you. It's about an unlikely duo in the 1920s who tried to warn the public that prohibition was going to backfire so badly. It just might leave thousands dead from poison. Listen and subscribe to Snafu on the iHeartRadio app at Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 7m 31s):
45 years ago, a Virginia soul band called the Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The Edge of daybreak eyes of love was supposed to have been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 8m 2s):
Why would you do that to me? Los Angeles 2021, A friendly neighbor appears out of nowhere and promises to make all my dreams come true. Let's not forget that David Bloom was a professional con artist, so you didn't stand a chance. But my dreams soon turned into a nightmare. I'm Caroline De Moe. Listen, as I take down my scammer on Once Upon a Con on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,

(1h 8m 31s):
Ever wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this is Working, can help with that. Here's some advice from Jamie Diamond, the CEO of JP Morgan Chase on standing out from the leadership crowd. Develop your eq. A lot of people have plenty of brains, but EQ is, do you trust me? Do I communicate well? Develop the team, develop the people, create a system of trust and it works over time. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor in Chief on my podcast. This Is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.