
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career. The next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is dj MV Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law. LaRosa is here and we got a special guest in the building. We have she shepherd. Welcome back. Hey Y'all. How you feeling? Oh, I'm so glad to be here. Lauren. Lauren. Hi. My admiration for you. It's like my baby hair is growing. It just grows every day for you. Thank you. When you Follow me back on Instagram, I cried. Oh, are you serious? Not like, not like ugly cry. But I was just, I called John And I was like, she just followed me back on Instagram. Like, oh my God, I really do admire you. You like an intelligent sister and you like you, you, you boss mode. I thank you. I love that. Thank you.


Like little brown girls look at you and go, I want be like you. Somebody Just told her that. Yeah, somebody just told her that for like literally three minutes ago. Yeah. Well God is trying to tell you something. I hear him. You better receive it. Then he Had that. But I hear him. Why Nobody even do that to me. I never get confirmation. I was confirmation like that. I was On my way to tell you because Okay, I, for me, I remember your trans, not the transition, but when you first stepped into the role on the show. Right. And there was a lot going on and a lot being said it, but you handled it really gracefully. What show now when she, It went from the Wendy show to she shepherd. Show People, You know, you have everyone supportive you, but there was a lot of conversation that was happening.


There was, there was. But the way that you handled it, I, I thought was you handled it very well. Thank you. You know, this season you life is too short. You got, you gotta know what energy you walking in and create your own energy. That's how it works. Did you and it worked out What, what set what life's where in your life did you learn that? Because it was loud. Yeah. But, but I think from being on the view, that's why I learned how to get the criticism because I learned, you know, joy Behar said when you open, you know when you have this kind of platform, when you open up your mouth, half The World is going to hate you. That's right. So what you know, so you stop trying to chase validation. Because I would go on this site, it was a site called I hate talk shows. And I would go in there to see what they said about me.


And then they would say, oh, Sherry's doing this. She didn't even mention this. So I would mention it the next time. And they go, did you see how conceited she was when she mentioned this? You can't win. No. So I don't pay attention. You didn't stop reading the comments. I know somebody had to pull you to phone, Whoopy, Whoopi's, like stop reading all that stuff. They don't care about you. So I stopped. But what I realized is nobody's sending me money to take care of my son. Nobody is offering to help me when I'm going through it. Nobody. You got your diehards. That'll pray for you. So why am I listening to all this is chatter from people who probably, when they come at you on social media, they want to do what you're doing. They just don't want to put in that work. That's what Kevin Hart says. And it's so true. Where Have you heard that from? Lauren. You Oh, okay. Time. Okay.


Because you never said that to me. Char I know you said that. I never knew that was your, that Joe m for you do a lot of talking, but you never said that. But I'm the same way. I'm like, yo, stop reading the comments. Like why Don't, no, you read the No, I don't go looking for the comments. Yes you do, but no I don't. Yes you, but no, I do not you. But every now and then you just wanna see What people, but I also like, for what I do, I have to kind of know what people are talking about. Why? Right. What are the angles? What are the, the care, how we dive in and what I talk about. Yeah, You read them, but it's Hard now. You Just have to be discerning. 'cause I read my comments because sometimes people are very, they have really good critiques. Some people are commenting Shera, you talk a mile a minute. I can't understand what you're saying. Me too.


So I learned to slow down. Yes. Then those people who go, you ain't cute. You ain't got no hips, you ain't got no, or you gonna, you know, you I don't pay attention to that. Yeah, because you, you look at it for what it is. You gotta have your own self worth. So you do do, when it, it is just discern what is edifying, what is going to help you. Yes. The other stuff you throw out, you go, it means nothing. Even Your topics on your show. 'cause that was another thing as well too. Like people were upset when you talked about Meg thee stallion on the carpet and her Oh right, right. Being, you know, nude or whatever you called her. Right. And people respond to that. And when that happens, you are Changing. And I was ready for that. When I said that about Meg, I was ready for the backlash. But I am a, I'm a, I'm a mother, I'm a woman. I mentor girls And I just go, at some point we have a responsibility.


We have to speak up. And I love Meg Thee stallion. I, I, I love it. But I think that women are going too far and sometimes we forget that there are people who are watching us and they can't do what we do. They don't have security. They can't walk around and say, I wanna do the same thing. So we also, we are our brother's keeper. To whom much is given, much is required. So I, I knew I was gonna backlash. They told me, you know, you're gonna get, And I said, but no, no, I got to stand up. I got this platform and it's really important that I say it. And it you, if you listen to the context of what I said, you know, I, I did love everything. You people look at you 'cause you have a degree. You went and graduated.


You didn't just let it go. So you inspire girls to want to go to college, but also over here you inspire girls to wanna do this. And I named other women who do it too. So you, you know, you just gotta be, I, I'm pr I got this platform for a reason And I know what it is And I try to use it wisely. And Also you've grown grown. So being that you've grown, like people should listen to their elders. What happened to that? We used to listen. Oh yeah, we ain't before us. Nah, they Don't do that now. They don't do that now. They like you old. Like you don't know. That was one of the pushback that's I was gonna ask you, like, I know you're intentional with the topics that you choose, but when you get pushback it's like, oh, this is a age thing. It's because you're older. She don't understand. She act like she didn't have her day. Like Right. Those type of things that I have a lot of grace. I know we, you know, we, there were things that we did when we were young and you know, And I do, but also, you know what the assignment is, there's an assignment on your life.


There's an assignment that you've been given and you gotta carry it out. And it's just stuff that comes with this, with this, you know, position that you're in. It is gonna come. You can't escape it. That's right. So just go Before we get in Straw, before We get a Straw. When you came in there today, you said your son just texted you and said, mom, I have off school today And I have nothing to do. That's Right. And he's 20 years old. Yes. That's not what she said. Well see that is part said get to what she really said. But then you said that your son also said he wants to smoke. He wants to smoke some marijuana, some cannabis. That's get high. Yes. Because that's what all everybody talks about at school. You know, they, they talk about that. And so he, he, that's one of his things. He came, I was doing my podcast with Kim Whitley, two funny mamas. He came, he was like, I wanna talk to you.


And that's what they, he was going to the basketball center and he said, you know, when, when can I get high? First of all, it's amazing that he came to you and, and feel comfortable to tell you I love that he comes to That's amazing To you. Yeah. And what did you tell him? But he comes to me And I don't know nothing like that's the problem. And he was just like, I'm a single mom. He was like, I, you know, I wanna, I I, when can I do this? And I was sitting here praying and speaking in tongues. And I said, when you 24, why 24? He asked me that when he was like 19 or 18. Why 24? That's just the number that came to my head. Envy. I a single mother. Okay. You like, it's too much. Like I still look at my son as like, my baby a 14-year-old. So when he came and was asking these questions about where, you know, when can you go and see, you know, women dancing and stuff.


And when I didn't know what club, yes. So I said 24. That's just the number that came to my head. Okay. So he, you know, so he, my my, the person who does my hair, Theo, he has locks and his hair. So when my son saw him, he said, he immediately said, do you get high and Stereotyping profile, Profile to the, but here's what happened. Theo looked at him and was like, yeah, so, but so I said, well I want him to have the experience of, I said, well maybe if they put the, the medicine to make you go to the bathroom, the diarrhea medicine in the brownie. That way when he does it, he'll, you know, just have diarrhea and never, he won't wanna do it again.


Oh my God. That's what everybody say. Like you give him so much liquor that they get sick. No, give him some sativa. Some high grade sativa. And what does that, what if he The kind that induces panic attacks, it makes him so I don't him have Panic attacks with you. What Emini here. He'll n that will make him not wanna do it again. That not the Diarrhea. Then I gotta go to sleep. Wondering if my son gonna smother me. And I don't want him to have a panic. I just want him to diarrhea. Don't, no, not the diarrhea. Think he'll fly. You'll see him on Madison Avenue trying to fly for cause or something. Don't do that. The panic attack is what's gonna make him not wanna do it. That I promise You. Okay. Panic attacks. I Wouldn't do that. Yes. Yeah. Envy saying no. Lauren's saying no. When did you first Get high? Don't think he should do it. When I, when I first got high. Yeah. I think I was like 18, 17.


So now You gotta wait till 24 Because that's the look I am a single mom. This is hard. You don you understand I'm not a man. This is where I get mad when I go. I need some men to come in and help me because I don't know what to, what to say to him. I don't get high. So when he came to me and was saying that, I was just like, I didn't know what to say. Yeah. I I, the judgment, I don't like Charlamagne. That's why I was telling you. Well, when he is 24, me and Uncle Charlo take him to Atlanta Strip Club. Match City. No. Well thanks a lot. Oh my gosh. We, we we'll handle That part. I'ma Just say, can y'all let 'em intern with y'all and then, and do what you will. I won't even look. I'll just close my eyes. I bet you would never say that in bad boy records.


Wow. Actually that was a good one. It was real quick too. Wow. Wow. Does anybody have my subpoena? This nigga on court? Oh my god. So single mother Life for you. Like what other things are you figuring out on your own? Not, are you single mom? Like there's no communication anymore with your son's father or Well, Emini here, you know, we communicate y'all, but now we don't as much. 'cause he turned 18. Like I don't have to, I don't have to pay child support anymore. I don't have to. I don't, the court paper said, I have to tell you everything that's going on with school. School, I don't have to do that. Now it's up to you to call him, to check on him. That's not my, that's not my thing. I've made you look good in his eyes. Now it's up to you to continue that on. Keep that going.


That's not on me. I've never talked about his father badly in front of him. Now, when Jeffrey left the room, there was a different conversation. There was a Lot going on at one point. Yeah. So, but you know, so this is on you now. It's on you to talk to your dad. I'm not in that. What things Do you deal with on your own, with your son that you're like, man, All of that. Trying to teach him how to be a man. I don't know how to be a man. 'cause I'm not a man. I, I'm not, I don I don't espouse that belief of, you know, I can be everything for you. I can be, you don't need no daddy. You don't know you need a man in your life. Right. A a boy needs a man. Especially in this day and age. A young black boy needs a black man. 'cause man, what they do to my son, 'cause he's, I'm not allowed to say his name. He told me don't talk about him.


But what they do to my son is they say, look, look gone. Look at me in the eye. Shake my hand. Right. You know, gimme your deepest voice when you talk to me. I don't know how to say that. What he gets from me now is he's like, you always like you keep nagging because I feel like I only got maybe 12 minutes to give him the rest of life's lessons. And he's like, you told me already. And so I think with mothers and boys, as they get older, there's a frustration. That's why they keep wanting to pull away. They, they're, they're longing from that male energy. So when he's around, when he's around my glam team, he likes being with them. 'cause they're just men. Are you dating? I'm single. I'm single. So I'm just, I'm out here. I'm open, open to I know your Dms crazy.


Yeah. The way, the Way you be. I never go on my dm. So I don't what I don I really don't go on my dms because the last, last time it was somebody didn't have no finger. So it was missing his third digit. So I don't What happened. What, Lemme tell you one, I something that's a deal breaker when you're missing digits. I need, I need you to have a finger. How you know he didn't have no fingers because he was in, I went to his, I went to his profile. Yeah. And I looked and he didn't have no finger. So, which finger though it could, he was the third finger. Not that you, you don't know if you really need your third finger until you ain't got your third finger. Now Sherry, what if this man was good looking, was a, had a nice career, was a great man. He was gonna be the love of your life. And you, because 'cause you don't got a finger. You don't have a finger. That just, that's a big deal not having a finger.


'cause you need all 10 of your fingers. Do you? I'm just saying Emini here, I'm happy. I mine. If you wanna caress my neck and you ain't got that finger. This I can feel, I feel emptiness. That's only on One hand though, right? I, I didn't, you know, once I saw the finger was missing, Lauren, I just didn't stay. That was God testing You. You, but it does, as you get in this season, it's, it's different now. Now I'm not looking at potential. When I was in my twenties, it was about, oh, he got, he got potential. I don't look at potential. You have to have, be living in your, you have to be living your dream. It has to be your reality. You have to be a certain financial in a financial place because I'm not here trying to help you move forward.


So it, it just changes. If I bring you into my space, you can't be intimidated. You can't be like looking at it around going, well there ain't nothing I can do. So it, it just changes a little bit. So, so how was shooting Straw? I know you loved it. Four days shooting You right back? No, no, I didn't shoot, I was six days. No, you was Six days. You was six days. Taraji was Four. You was six. Taraji was four. She was doing fight night. Okay. At the same time. And Tiana was also doing a movie at the same time. It looked, I was the only one that had time. So mine was six days. I had, I had a ball. It was a different experience stepping into the Tyler Perry world. Break it down because I'm, I'm used to, you know, doing a movie and it'll take weeks to do.


You know, I'm on location for a number of weeks. So even when Tyler had asked me And I wasn't available, I said, well, I'm trying to work it out. How many weeks do you need me? He said, I don't need you for, I need you for five days. And I, I had never heard that before because it was one, I was one of the stars of the movie. But with Tyler, he's got a world that he lives in. He's real, he knows what he wants. He has a lot of cameras covering you. So when you go to a movie, they do a master shot. You know, you go back and you wait till they turn it around and do a single shot. Then they gotta turn those cameras around and do the other shot. Right. Then they gotta get a wide shot. Then they gotta get a closeup. And you're, you're doing maybe three pages in a whole day. Tyler does not do that.


He has a ton of cameras in and they, they're catching shots. So when I'm looking at the movie, they caught shots of me. I didn't even realize. Wow. 'cause it was so many cameras. So we, he can do 10 or 12 pages in a day, but he knows what he wants and he gets it done. And Tyler's a man of his word. 'cause I remember y'all, this had to be like maybe four or five months ago. You was asking him to put you in. I don know if it was a specific movie or was it, why did I get married? Or I just remember you asking him to be in something. Yeah. I asked everybody who comes, if they could put me on something. Yeah. He really put you in. And he put me in the movie. He called me. He said, I have this part And I want you to do it. And it it, it conflicted with the talk show. You can't really take off. No. But they moved it around. I said, I don't care who sits in my sh in the chair.


I need to do this movie. And they, we ended my show a week early so I could go and do it. Wow. But when I, when I tell, lemme tell you something about Tyler Perry. He takes care of you. Now everybody talks about the money he pays you. Yes. But in terms of, I walked into my trailer, you have to negotiate your trailer size from the front. Everything is negotiation. And I always negotiate. You know, I get the one less, one less of what the star gets. So I get a big trailer. But he, I walked in my trailer And I said, is Brad Pitt doing the movie too? Wow. I walked in my trailer, it was a double staircase. I had a kitchen, I had a office. I had, I had a whole, a full kitchen with, I tried to, I was like, if I could take this refrigerator, it was a full size refrigerator.


It was a bedroom, it was a walk-in closet. It was a, I had a living room, a family room, recline. I was like, I cried. Wow. I've never had, in my wildest dreams, I never imagined ha something like that. I, you know, where he put me up at where I stayed at night. It was just, I, it was unbelievable. It was unbelievable how he, that was a Great, that was, he's a great human man. Yeah, yeah. Definitely A great human. When I tell you Emini here, even on my show, he came and we did a giveaway show where Tyler Perry came in and he just gave stuff away. He paid the mortgage off for one of our, our guests. Wow. Wow. He gave a a, a, a a, a colleague of mine who's a comic who had a stroke bone Hampton.


He was a Christian comic. Now he's in a wheelchair. He gave him a hundred thousand dollars so he could figure out. So he had a cushion to figure out what he wanted to do. Emini here, he gave a, he just gave away. It was really wonderful what he did. He did That publicly. The a hundred thousand dollars. Yes. We did it on my show. Okay. Okay. Okay. Why you think that you need a hundred thousand dollars, Sean? Me. No, I just wouldn't want nobody to know that. 'cause everybody be asking you for a hundred thousand. They really Do. They really? Yeah. That's, that's the downside. But the beauty about Tyler, he has no problem saying no. He says no. That's right. Because when I had to pitch it to him, I would say to him, we had this. And he'd go, tell me what you're talking about. No. Like when you come to Tyler, it has to be very specific. It has to be very well thought out. And you have to have research because he says, okay, so if I do this, then what about this?


How are they gonna pay this? And I said, I don't know. I'm just come to you asking for the money. I don't know all that. He goes, well, when you know it, then you call me back. Wow. So he's, you have to be on your business. Can You speak about that real quick sir? How important is it to actually say what it is? You mean? Because we live in a generation where these kids be like, well you know what I meant to say? Yeah. I'm the, you know what I meant to say? I think that we're in the age of communication is harder for, because we're in the social media age where you swipe and swipe and so you putting in, I initials for, you know, laugh out loud LOL. Right. So pe you know, you're not saying what you mean. And I think it's a big problem. I don't know how to fix it. 'cause I keep trying to talk to my nieces and nephews and say, tell me what you're saying.


Don't think I know what you're saying. I don't know if it's a life lesson that they have to go through. 'cause I had to go through to get it. Whoopi was very hard on me on the view. Tell me what you're saying. And I, And I had to figure out and articulate. So that came, that was hard for me. What was that like, having Whoopi be like, yo, tell me what you're saying. Like, oh, she was hard on me. Whoopi was very, very hard. But, but she loved me and she didn't wanna see me go through a lot of stuff, which has served me well. Doing, having my own show and dealing with criticism di being able to say no. I say what Emini here on my show. But, but I'm grown. You know? I think that's why I got the success at this age, you know, because I know how to stand up for myself. I know how to say no.


I know how to say yes. I know what I am bringing to the show and what I want to see. So it's, you know, sometimes you just have to go through life. You gotta fall and you gotta get, you gotta learn to get back up. You gotta fall. You gotta learn to get back up. And I'm sure Whoopi saw the greatness in you. Like a lot of times people see things in you that you may not see in your, see in yourself. Sometimes. Yeah. Maybe she did. I I would hope that Yeah. Emini here. Look at you now. Yeah, I know. We came a long way. You see what I'm saying? We came a long way from when you called me the Tasmanian devil. Mr. Charlemagne the God. That's when we first said, y'all remember that Mr. Mr. Remember that? I remember that. And I don't know if you heard earlier when you started talking about yourself, he was like, damn, as soon as you said that, I don't know if you, if you heard it, but he still, he still took a little shot at you earlier today. What are you talking About? What did you Say?


Exactly? What is He talking about? What, what he say? I don know, but I'm with envy. That's right. What, what did he say? Just Say Nothing. You just gotta watch him. You gotta watch this little short guy Watch. I know we be sha We talking about you just gotta watch him. So I wanna Congratulations. You were pregnant April 1st. Oh. Oh my God. She did Who? Every celebrity be confusing me with somebody. Y'all gonna have to stop this. I'm like, wait a minute. What Did the abortion clinic a Fast outta minute. Who do you think I'm, that's my calling card. I'm not getting pregnant. Oh my gosh. On Your show you announced that you were Pregnant.


Oh man. Oh my gosh. You said it was a joke quickly. 'cause you said you didn't wanna manifest that. I did. I didn't wanna, man. Okay. Yeah, because I found out I'm still in perimenopause so I still can get pregnant. Okay. And that, and when the doctor told me that, I was like, no, they cannot be because at this age, here's the thing, men don't wanna hear in this. At at, at this age. They don't wanna hear that you've been celibate for 30 years. That's not nothing. If you in your twenties that men like to hear that, oh, oh, you a virgin. Oh that's good. But when you dog go in your fifties and you like, I've been celibate for the last 25 years, waiting on the right one, A man will run, will run as fast as he can. And a man won. Hear, I can't get pregnant. What? You can't get pregnant. Oh, shoot.


So when, when they told me that, it, I was just like, okay, this, this don't make no sense. So that was my April fool's joke. And everybody believed it, but I cut it short 'cause I don't wanna manifest that kind of thing. Oh. You know, you, You've been Saying if I told y'all I was pregnant right now, if you had to report that y'all would be laughing at me. No, we wouldn't. Why? I can't at this age. Janet Jackson did it. And you got Brad. Why not Janet Jackson did. Yeah. But no, And I love Janet and she, Janet Might have been older than you when She No, Janet, no. Janet's one year older than me. Janet was 50. She was 50. Was she 50 or 55, 50 something. Yeah. No, I believe 50. Oh, nah, nah, nah, nah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna be dealing with No, you can't do that now. I'm not dealing with a 2-year-old at this age. You have to have the energy and the stamina and the patience you have to go through when your child goes, mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy.


But why? But why? But why when they have temper tantrums. 'cause they can't articulate. I don't have that kind of energy at nine o'clock. I'm, I'm, I'm winding down. Mm. Well I'll tell you Sarah, you look good. I, I'll be honest with you. I didn't even know you was 58 till I looked it up just now. Yeah. I only looked it up. 'cause you said Because I said it. Yeah. I'm like, And I earned every one of these stripes. Wow. Absolutely. I don't Know why I said it yesterday when Tara Roger was here. Why would you want a young girl when black women age like this? It don't make no sense to me. I think though a lot of younger men, they do come to me because they do want an older, seasoned woman. Because I think we know what we want. You know, we don't take a lot of mess. We're very, we are very, we're very articulate about what we want.


We are accomplished. And I think a young, a lot of younger men like that. But I don't see, there are women that like younger men. I like a man my age. I like a man that is seasoned. We, we want the same things in life. He's healthy. We can talk about things. If I say something, he knows who I'm talking about. That's right. Like my, my hair guy, Theo, every time we talk about stuff, he's like, who is that? I said did I said somebody doing a tour. They doing a tour Is Elda barge is baby face. He said who? Elda barge. Oh man. Did he? Who is Elder Barge? I need you to know Yeah. Who these people are. Yeah. And what they've done. And I want Older men to like older women because we see what happens. These older men, they Like going young, Young girls. And they get In trouble and they get in trouble.


You see what I'm saying? That's the problem. That's right. But I, but I understand young, young people bringing energy. They bring energy into your life. I like, like I would like to have a daughter. So I could do a TikTok. I wanna do a TikTok with daughter. You wanna do a, That's all I want a daughter for. So we can do TikTok together because my son won't do a TikTok with me to save his life. We do a TikTok. He just walk out the frame. He just walk out the camera. Boys is different. Boy is it different. Yeah. That's why I want a daughter. Like I was with Kadeem Val's wife Kadeem and like she looks like she could be my daughter. Like I look like the


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the ATT guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that. Let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with future health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future Health weight Loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ooh. Sexy mom next to her. And I'm like we look, I look we look good together. Did y'all do a TikTok? Well no, but we did. We was dancing together. Okay. We got, we was twerking together. We got pictures. It looked so good. Ain't got no young interns. I do. Okay. You know, And I mentor them. I do. So that's why. So we can do, we do our tiktoks. They taught me the boots on the ground. Oh okay. They taught you that one? They taught me that. I know the Tamia challenge. You know The Tamia one? Okay. I know the Tamia one so I that Okay. They keeping you a little safe though. They teach you like the things you should know at your age Know age after the like younger TikTok friendly stuff. I've been looking at it though. Some of that stuff too. Just my knees. I'm like seen the pop the pussy for a goon channel. No, I ain't seen no what? That doesn't come up in my algorithm. Ask To show you. Ask him to show you What is pop. The do don't, don't worry about it.


Oh my God. Now you've been, you've been very open about your health and your finances, right? Yes. Why are you so open? 'cause most people are kind of keep it to themselves. Maybe they'll feel embarrassed. But you've been open, you've been discussing, you've been talking about it. Why? Well, about, because I think that a lot of people are going through health challenges. Like if you don't, if you don't have your health together, you're not able to fulfill the purpose that you've been put here for and just do basic stuff. How do you want, how do you want to live? 10. What do you want your life to look like 10 years from now? 20 years from now? Well it, that starts today. So I'm really open about showing that I go to the gym. I get up at four 30 in the morning four times a week to go to the gym. It, you know, however you want to feel, you gotta start it today.


And I want people to know it's not over. Like you can start and go to that gym and workout, start eating healthy. It just, you are able to accomplish so much more. Your outlook on life changes, your confidence changes. So I'm, I'm just really big and diabetes is really big in our community. Oh yeah. And I'm a type two diabetic so I want people to know that life is not over because you're diabetic. But it can start and it can be amazingly wonderful. So I tell people don't pray that the diabetes goes away when they say I'm gonna pray for you. That it go No, don't pray that because having diabetes has saved my life. Having diabetes makes me look at everything that I put in my mouth that sounded nasty as hell. Damn. I just realized that.


But it really makes me look at everything. Wow. It makes me look at everything that I do, that I eat. It makes me go to the gym. I look at my son And I go, he still needs me so I need to do things different. So that's why I'm so open about it. I really am. And They changing everything at the doctor now. Like I went to the doctor the other day and they told me that I'm a what? 5.70. I'm like right on The cusp. You right on the cus you pre-diabetic. Yeah. And they was Like, come back in six months. And I'm like, Damn, you need to start walking more. I work out three Times a week. I'm crazy. You Need to watch what you eat. You probably eating starches. Yeah. You cut out white and it's genetic. Oh you predispose. Yeah. A lot of It is genetic. Yeah. But a lot, you know, you can change that because you're over here on this side, you can modify stuff that you're eating.


'cause once you come over, come over to my side, there's stuff that you just can't have. Yeah. Like what? Like, you know, chocolate chip cookies. I'm addicted to 'em. Ooh. I had to so that I had to side drink my tea with no sugar. I'm learning to, I know, but I have to do it because otherwise my, my glucose level goes up. So you then you wearing a patch so you could see, you know what your blood glucose level is, whatever that is. That's what that is. What do you think? It's just a white thing. I thought you Ringworm. I ain't you Thought have ringworm You gonna make me success. You thought I had ringworm. I'm outta everything. You thought it was ring mark. It is my glucose, my continuous glucose monitor for my free Libre. I didn't what it was, Haven't you seen my diabetic commercials with Me skating around Ringworm?


You know, I I did want to ask you did, did Nia Long ever ever take you up on your conversation to come on your show? Because because because I guess that's who you, who you was alluding to when they said that's who you was alluding to when they said she rolled up on you at the, When I said a unnamed celebrity we rolled up reported that a source had told me that it was Nia Long. Yes. Did Nia Long take me up? Because I didn't say her name. But yes, it was Nia Long. You know, if, here's the thing, I I don't know who Nia Long had me confused with and what I appreciate, Lauren, this is why I love you. You did your research, you did your homework and you pulled up a clip. The only time I've ever talked about Nia Long is when she went through it with her partner who it was infidelity And I supported her in that.


She should, she deserves to have a good man to be with her. And you pulled up that clip. So thank you for that. You you handle that very well. So I have no idea. I think Nia Long, maybe confuse me with someone. There's not a lot Of black women on tv. So It's like, it's not, I don't, I I have no idea who she thought was Shading her, but it was not me. I have no beef with Nia Long. I'm a fan of hers. We're grown women. We both the same age. So like we can discuss it. That's why I invited her on my show. You know. And a lot of people say, well why would you say something like that publicly? Well, number one, I did never said her name. There was a lot of women that attended the Othello premiere. And number two I do, I'm a standup comic. So everything that happens in my life is material for me.


And my stage, my comedy stage is the talk show. So I got on stage And I just talked about it And I said, you know, it was a fun, it was, this happened. You wanted to know why I went to the bathroom. 'cause I said I went to the bathroom and had a meeting in the ladies room. Yep, yep. That was actually a joke with, you know, because climax, this is why I don't give a younger men, it was climax meeting in the ladies room. I'll be back and, and she says, don't tell. And she says Don't test me 'cause I might slap you. Remember you a dj, God don't, you're right. And if anybody, and so I did. I said to Joe Norman Baker who's the head of our, the hot topics, he was like, that's funny. Everybody got it and you over here go.


I don't understand why she went to the, to the was waiting in the bathroom, you and Jess. So that's what that was. That was a joke. But yeah, but I, I don't have any beef. I don't, I I don't, I don't like to tear down people, but I honestly was was just confused. And I also don't like when you, when you touch me and you pull at me, I don't like that you said, You said she Grabbed you. She like grabbed me and spun me around and, and here's the thing. No, I, I'm a really nice person. That's To have many in. Yeah. I don don't like people. Oh, that's what you meant? No. Oh my God. I hate him. Go ahead. Continue. I'm sorry. You Know, you, you, you, He never turns it off, by the Way.


Never. I don No. But now I can't unsee it. This is why I tell women stop getting with standup comics because you gotta sit in bed and they go over the same joke and punchline over and over. And you gotta hear that all night long. Charlemagne, your wife, God bless her Lord. Open up doors for her. Bless her. Just bless her father. God, It could be your darkest moment. You could be crying. He's not gonna be sympathetic. No, not at, That's not true. I am sympathetic. I just wanted to bring some joy. That's a lie. No, but it's like, but when people, when people tug at you, when they want to picture you and they tug at you, it's like, so I'm still, I think people, I'm so nice. But you can't confuse that I am a Chicago girl. That's right. So when that happens, I it, you know, then I go there.


But we're, you know, I'm cool. I'm, I'm so cools it's done. If, if Lan would love to come on my show, I would love, I'm a fan. We're both actresses. I would love to talk to her and just clear it up. That's such a, that's why these beefs that come on social media, like it's easily cleared up. Yeah. Gotcha. So I would love to suck to her. And it it's young girl behavior. Like I wonder 'cause she's been around for so long, it's not what what could she think you said that would cause her to grab You at a open, I don't think, think it's younger behavior. Charlemagne, sometimes you, you don't see a person, you know, you sometimes these things fester. This is what Whoopi told me. And this is why I'm very nice on my talk show. She said we were, we were about to do a story. I wanted to do a story on the view about a a certain rapper.


The baby mama was asking for more money. Then something happened bad And I, I wanted to blame it on this, this rapper. And I said, I wanna talk about this. And Whoopi said, we not gonna talk about it. And I said, no, no, no. I we I we got this platform and I'm gonna let people know. And she said no. So Barbara Walter said, if Whoopi's not going to talk about it, we are not going to talk about it. And I went into Whoopi's room And I said, why, why would you kill this story? It's very interesting. Everybody knows the rapper. And she said, let me tell you something Sherry. She said, celebrities have long memories. You know this, y'all know this. They have long memories. You have a career beyond this show. And she said, and what will happen is you might go to a club and encounter this rapper.


You are black woman, we the least protected. And if they get mad at you and wanna do something, ain't nobody gonna do nothing. Now if Elizabeth Hasselback goes to the club, 'cause she done said something and he and he does anything, everybody gonna be calling the police. He Ain't even gonna do nothing to him. Won't even do nothing to her. She said, you, you always had to keep that in mind. And she said, and you want to work beyond this show 'cause you're not gonna be here for long. You're gonna be working. And these and celebrities have very long memories and you're in the business and your, your career is important. And I just always remember that. And I'm a, I'm a kind person. So when I come at stories, Lauren, I always go, is it edifying? I would rather you be laughing with me going, that girl is talking about me today. That is so funny. What she said, they never laugh.


Rather than I'm too old to be in a club and somebody comes up to me, goes, my name is And I don't like, you know, I heard what you said and it ain't gonna be, I'm not gonna be hamming that and you bet not. First of all I'm 50. I don't even know who you are. I don't remember what I said. And wait, did she just slap me? Like I I don't be fighting no more like that. So, you know, it is like, life is too short. I wanna put out good energy on my show. I want you to feel good. I want you to know that when you come to the show, it's a safe space. Yeah. If you don't wanna talk about something, there's a a ton of other stuff we can talk about. If you want the shady stuff, it's a bunch of blogs you can go to. And I think that people, even though they like that, they turn on you quick, they turn on you quick.


When you're always giving out bad stuff and talking about people. I, I think I have more fans that will stick with me if I go through something then not. So that's just the way I operate. And it has worked for, I feel, Feel like God is talking through you. Well did you Just say that three minutes ago? No, he just always talking to me. Oh. And I did yesterday. We've had a lot of conversations this week and yesterday That though everything you just said has been the convos all week. Yes. Really. And yesterday, Emini here, I literally was recording, recording my podcast the latest with Lauren, the Rosa before you came in here and on my podcast I was talking about how I, I talked to Guy yesterday and was like, look, I hear you. I get it right. I know what I need to do to dial back and you know, focus and whatever, whatever. And then you come in here and you're literally, it's, it sounds better coming from you though.


You look a lot better. So I Done been punched in the head. Okay, Emini here When you're dealing With, You understand. Yes. No, but there are people who do that. I just think that you have to go, you're gonna have to answer to what you put out in The World. That's right. And sometimes stuff your parents even say that sometimes stuff, you can say it, but do you need to say it now that's not, that's not for everybody. I'm not, I'm not judging anybody. There are blogs that I go to 'cause I just gotta know what's going on and they give their opinion And I figure out how I'm gonna form my opinion, but in a different way. For me, I'm like, is it gonna edify you? Is it going to add to your life? If it's not, then let's go to another one. But A lot of this stuff doesn't add to my life.


Like a lot of this stuff is like, there are topics, there's conversation and then we move on. So what, where's that balance? Well, what's your intention or what is your heart when you're doing it? Like, you know, I got Diddy jokes too. Those I do on stage, I'm not gonna do 'em on the talk show. So I, you know, I I just think, what, what is your intention when you're saying it? So I don't know if you're talking about the fact that you wanna do n negative stuff, you gotta report the news. Well that, that's what I'm saying. It's like sometimes you gotta touch on things that people are not happy About Touching, about, touching on. But there Are people who are intentionally mean about stuff. There are people who intentionally trying to take down, I'm folks not intentionally. Right. So if you're not like that, you, but you have to report on the news. I don't have to do that To hear about a man. If you hear about a man nothing.


And then the man taking the nut, rubbing it on his nipple. Oh, Y heard that. The sperm shake. You know what I'm saying? I was like, come on, but you But she's covering a trial, right? They're trying to show character. They're trying. So it, you have to tell us what's going on. That is what they discuss in the courtroom. It, yes, it's, it's gross. But that's what they talked about. They put him on the witness stand. So you are just, you are just telling that and giving your opinion. This ain't nothing You said, oh, this is what I heard. This is actual fact he was on the, he was on the witness stand, so, you know. Yes, it was, I was like, that's disgusting. A little kinky. But I never looked at you like, oh Lauren, why are you saying that? You are just reporting the news That, but Emini here, like even relationship stuff, like the big celebrity breakups and the divorces and the things Get, you have to, I think you have to, you know, you, you have to report that.


I try to do it too. Like the way I come from with divorces, I'm upset because I looked at, you know, there's, I'm sad because they got divorced and then I have some jokes in there. I'm sad they got divorced, but is he available now? You know, is do you mind if I, I gotta bring some lightness to it. Got you. But it is your job to report what is going on. Otherwise we wouldn't know what, what is Going on. Yeah, she has the venom and she has the venom so much I get the calls. Yeah. Like we did, we Do numerous times For one biggest conversation right now when breakups is Cardi B offset. So when we're covering those things, it's very temperamental for the people that are going through it. And I try to understand that. Yes. But at the same time it's like these things are put out there. Cardi ISS on space is talking about it. There's tweets, there's all these things.


Yeah. So the balance sometimes, And I'm not a community and You're going to get it. You are going to get it. I've seen people who come on the show who don't wanna, who was the one that didn't want to talk to Jess when she was here. Sexy red. I'm like, you know, and she's very, very sensitive and she had to say numerous times, I just have to report it. I'm a com. This is what I do. We have to report it for them. I'm like, this comes with the territory people are gonna report. That's why I'm so private about my life. Because otherwise people are gonna report on it. It just, what I think, I think When people take sides though, right, because we don't know all the facts. We only hear One side. We don't And they wanna know why you didn't say this. Correct? Because we only got three minutes and this is the information I was given. Correct. You al. I have to say that too. People get mad at me And I go, I didn't know, I didn't know that fact before.


This is what we read. And I'm, I have to comment on it, but What Sherry said is true intention matters, right? Yes. Like, you know, Lauren, you know, we were having dinner with the, the, with Wendy Williams. Yeah. And this was how long ago? I don't even remember now. A few months ago, like Two months ago. Months. And Wendy said, verbatim, I think that I'm in the space that I'm in now because of how I used to talk about people. Mm. That's pretty powerful. She, that's what she said. And I, that's Powerful. Me karma. And she was like, well, I just, she was, and Wendy don't even talk. She was like, I don't know. I just, I just think God, like, wow. And, and for her to have that self-awareness, then Emini here now Yeah. Is good. But, you Know. Yes. Good. And see now, and here's the thing. If no matter what I say about Wendy, it'll be, it'll be taken out of context.


So I, I don't get upset 'cause I know my intention. I feel that's very powerful. And sometimes we get, in the season of our life, we start looking back over stuff and God is, we're open more to hearing God. Yeah. The fact that she said that is pretty deep. Yes. Because that means that at night she's been laying there thinking about some stuff. That's right. Now she has a ton, a plethora of fans who, if you, if we said that, they'd be on us, like on our asses about that. Yes. That's right. But Wendy said that she Said outta her own mouth, Lauren was there was outta her Own mouth. Yeah. And it was a deep feeling. You could feel the, the sar like, I, I don't know personally, but it made, I never seen her like that. And I was like, oh wow. I don't wanna end up like that. And I, I would say this sometimes when you, I remember my girlfriend said one time she didn't let the real housewives be played in her house.


Her kids liked it. And she said, I don't want that energy in my house of always arguing people, not with a man. They do. Because I don't want that any kind seeds to be planted of energy in my house. And I'm arguing with my friends. And so she wouldn't, so I, I feel like sometimes when you are in negative space all the time, negative energy seems to find you. That's like how it is with Straw. It's the same thing with Straw. Like this girl Taraji her character. It was always negative stuff. And so everything you, you see these people that can't catch a break. Right. They're always, it's always something negative finds you because you're in such a negative space. So I think you have to look at that.


When I say, is it edifying how you, you are reporting the news, that's what you're doing. But when you, you know, when you start to veer, veer over into the shady, the mean, the shady Charlemagne, when you veer over into that space, because God get on me all the time, I'll veer over and he'll go, stop. Stop. And I'm like, ah. But it's funny. Yeah. But it ain't for me. That's right. You know, now I'm not gonna open up a Bible and do Malachi. No. I'm funny. I do dirty jokes. I talk about people. But I can feel when I'm, when I'm veering over into the right. I know you gotta go your character in Straw. You brought Sha back up. Yeah. It's such a 'cause we talking about women in all these spaces. Right. Your character is such a advocate for black women in distress. Yes. In Real life.


Where does that come from for you? I, you know what I just, I'm, I'm, I, I feel for women who go, I don't get along with other women 'cause they treacherous, they this, they that. That's what you draw into your life. Mm. I'm a big believer. What you speak is what comes to you. And I, we cannot exist without other women. We really cannot. Like, our strength comes from women. We change The World. I know when I was going through my worst moments, when I would be on the floor crying, it would be my girlfriends that would pick me up and hold me. Like I just, who would encourage me, who challenge me, who get on me is women. So if you don't have a good, good female friends in your life and you think they treacherous and you think they trying to get your man, then you need to let them go.


And also you need to look at yourself because what is that saying? Show me the four people you hang out with and I'll show you who you are. That's right. Right. So if you feel like all the women in your life are treacherous, then what are you? Who are you? So I just think that women, we have to, we have to galvanize because young girls, I have a heart for young women. They don't have these, they don't have enough role models. And they are looking to us to figure out, we have coping mechanisms, all this stuff that's happening politically. Adults, we, we barely have coping mechanisms. Think about these kids that are out there. They got nothing. So they need to see positive women in what they are doing. We need more women like you. We need more women like me.


We need more women who are, say we need more women like me, the stallion who says, I'm gonna go to college. Yes, I got this, but I'm gonna get my education 'cause I know I'm gonna make a difference with this thing behind me. This piece of paper. And they wanted, they want to go to, they wanna go to college. When I looked at a different world, I wanted to go to college. So I think that we have to really reach back and help these young ones like, y'all have to reach back. There's no reason why y'all have not reached out and said, can come and help Can be, well you can't, I'm not supposed to say his name. Oh damn it. My son. Anytime. Okay. I would like him too. He needs, he needs an intern. Can you come up here? Absolutely. He needs an intern. I need somebody to help. He, that's what he needs to do. Intern. 'cause you know, he's on the, he's on the spectrum.


And so it just, he needs some black man in his life to, you know, he tell I had to teach him to take the train by himself. I deal with people way different than a man would. You know. So I tell, I tell him, when you're on the train and somebody say something crazy, just get up and move. Maybe you might tell him something different. I tell him, if the police say this, do this. And he said, mom, they're not gonna say that to me. I don't know what to say to him when he goes, they're not gonna say he's manifesting great stuff. Yeah. That, that's not gonna happen. But you might say something different to him. Well that is the hardest thing raising kids. 'cause you don't wanna put that on them. If they feel that way and they have that positive energy, you don't want to take that away from him. But you still want them to deal with the reality of life. Have To absolutely deal with the reality. They have to deal with the real. But my reality and the way I'm, I'm a nurturer.


Maybe he shouldn't be aor nurturer. I'm a protector. You know, I'm a look, look, if somebody mess with you, run. If a girl mess with you, run, you know, maybe he's not supposed to do that. Right. You might have different advice for him. You know, he obviously would talk to y'all more about brownies and all of that other stuff. He found a site that sells 'em for 7 99. Lord, no, don't buy about that. Y y'all can tell him something different. I didn't know what to say. Plenty. He sent me the link. And Everything's plenty of dispensaries right here. You can give, Char owns One. Charlemagne owns part of a dispensary Tool. Please don't tell him that you, I'm I'm not gonna give him nothing. But can I'll give them to you and you can have more. Oh my gosh. I do want to end with this last question, Ms. Shepherd. 'cause you have been in here preaching Emini here. I you do not know how God has been talking through you this small Oh wow. That over there.


Now there is a generation of women watching your show who, who who feel seen and heard. So what do you want the Sherry show to represent in this messy meme driven media landscape? I want, I want the young brown girls to look at me and say, it's possible I can do that. I think you got three shows out with three black women running them. I don't know if you gonna see that again in this temperature, but I want them to be able to look at us, look at me and say, I can do it. You know, that's why representation matters. People keep saying, no, no, we all won. We all, no, no, no. I saw Oprah Winfrey doing it and she looked like me. We had the same kinda hair sands, the wig, we had the same kinda hair, her skin color.


I saw Stephanie Mills and in The Wiz, And I said, I wanna do that. It matters. And so when little girls look at me and they come and see me, and they call me auntie, I'm like, yes, you can do this. There's a space for you. I want you to feel like there's a space. I want you to, I want you to come up to me and ask me for advice. I want you to get ready because it's there for the taking the, the money is here. The, the, you just gotta be ready. So that's what I want to impart. It's doable. It really truly is. But you gotta do the work. So I think a lot of social media people, it comes at them so fast. And when the crash comes, they're not able to rebound.


You know? So put in, put in the work and it, it's, it, it'll happen. Okay, ladies, gentlemen, check Out in the Straw today. Can I tell you, I'm also gonna be at njpac, Kim Whitley And I, yes. Njpac, the two funny Mamas three time NAACP Image award-winning podcast. Two funny mamas. We are gonna be at the njpac at the North to Shore Comedy Festival June 20th. And then we gonna be in Philly. I'm gonna be in Philly July 11th at, at the Riverside Casino. Is it the Riverside Casino? River Rivers, some Rivers Casino. Because I'm about to go on tour and do standup. But Kim Whitley And I are the only comics who can stand on stage and do two hours of comedy improv. I, I don't know anybody else who could do it the way Kim Whitley And I can do it.


So come for the shenanigans. That's Right. New Jersey Pac. That's June 20. And I don't be preaching. I'm funny. No, I'm Funny. Sherry Shepherd. Ladies and gentlemen, Straw. Netflix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early In the Morning. The Breakfast Club


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass massage and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Wanna try Ozempic but can't stand Needles. You need to try Oral Semaglutide. It has the same active ingredient as Ozempic, but without the painful injections. Get access to Oral Semaglutide right now@futurehealth.com. Join those losing 10 pounds in their first month. Future Health makes it easy and affordable to gain access to weight loss meds like Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. You don't need insurance or have to go to a doctor's office. Just a quick, easy process all online, get the best results at the best price with Future Health. Take the three minute quiz@futurehealth.com. Get approved and start losing weight this week. Visit future health.com. That's future health without the e.com. Future health weight loss data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.