(0s):
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

(38s):
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming now on Peacock. Right on Now. Back to the Funk.

(1m 6s):
This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar The best Coke ever? Try and decide.

(1m 36s):
Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.

(2m 36s):
Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new Jeans, Carol G, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the Unlock fan fueled music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.

(3m 13s):
Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. Yes. And we got a special guest in the building. We have Simone, Amelia. Jordan, welcome back. Oh, thank you so much. I'm so excited to be here. I haven't been here in eight years. Eight Years. Long time. Wow. I did the Breakfast club's first photo shoot. Say that. Do you remember Say that? Yes. Yes. One of our, I think that was our first official photo shoot for a big brand. It was You, Dr. Jay's, because you were Dr. Jay's. Dr. Jay's. Yep. Yep. And you dressed as the movie, The movie The. Breakfast. Club. It Was The. Breakfast. Club. Yep. That was a long time ago. What made you Feel like we were right for that? Like what was the vision for Dr.

(3m 53s):
Jay's? Well, just in the moment. Yeah. Oh, You know. Well, I remember Angel when you, hell was that Angela 2011 When you just started the show? Yeah. 20 11, 20 12. Yeah. So 2011. Yep. That's a lot over a decade ago now. Yeah. It was so exciting. The show was so exciting and we wanted to work with you guys to model for the website. I mean, you, you're obviously natural models, so And I, forget the characters that you took from the movie. I was, You were Judd Nelson, I felt. Yep. Yeah, I remember who I was. I can't remember the photos. I was looking for them online, but like, that was a time when everything wasn't online. So I think they've kind of disappeared into the ether somewhere. But it was a great photo shoot. We had 'em somewhere though.

(4m 33s):
I can't remember where Did they go in the source or something? I think they went somewhere. Those photos I remember. But it was a great photo shoot. It was very cute. How did You know early on though, that like the show was gonna be, oh, You know what I mean? Like you came to get them. Like how did You know? Yeah, it was magic. I mean, they all were such individuals and had their own flavor and brought something special to the mix. New York was so excited at the time about the show, so we knew that like we wanted to get involved. And for me as the content director, Dr. Jay's, it, it was a no brainer to get the brands that we sold onto these guys. 'cause they were about to be everywhere And look at them now. Yeah. You know. I know. What, what is your, your, your thought process or what do you think about these sneaker stores now?

(5m 14s):
Because there's so many closing down since you were with Dr. Jay's. Yeah. I mean, Footlocker said they're closing a bunch of stores, I think. Foot Action. Yeah. Athlete's Foot is up outta here. There's so many stores now that are not doing well. So what are your thoughts on that? Well, Everything's changed, right? I was@drjays.com kind of at the, the height of like, the quote unquote urban fashion wave. And being in a kid from the other side of The World, we used to wear fake versions of the brands because they weren't available in Australia. And that's why I reached out to Dr. Jay's in the first place, because everyone was rocking fake baby fat and fake apple bottoms. And I was like, no, I think we need to step our game up. So I reached out to Dr.

(5m 54s):
J's to advertise in my magazine that I had in Australia, which was the first on sale. Hip, Hop and r and b Magazine inspired by the source and inspired by Vibe. And so we developed a relationship that way. Then they hired me to come to New York and work for them. And I saw the wave of those brands crashing and burning, and now into a point where fashion is, is all over the place. Right. In terms of the style that we wear, anything goes now. There's no, there's no, and the style used to reflect the streets, right? And so that has all changed. But it is, it's a, it's a tough day. Everything's shutting down, whether it's fashion or even coming back to New York, you used to be able to grab a bite at any time of the night.

(6m 36s):
But I think it was like after 10:00 PM and, and the restaurants I used to go to, it all shut down. So I think Covid had a lot to do with that too. So, Yeah. How many hats have you worn Simon on you? Hip Hop journalist, personality, fashion, fashion brand. Photographer. Photographer. I'm an immigrant. We get the job done as they say. What can I say now? A author? Yes. Like you, I'm trying to get on your level. Yeah. I've always, I think I've got undiagnosed a DHD as they say. I've always been driven by Hip Hop in everything that I do, which hasn't been easy coming from a country where Hip Hop isn't respected that much. Well, tell, Tell us about that too. Tell us about growing up in Australia with Hip Hop.

(7m 18s):
How Biggie was it? Was it easy Or? It started way before Iggy. Oh, okay. Was that Iggy's fault? Yeah. She didn't say she wasn't a part of the problem. Well, You know, it's funny, when I met Iggy, I did Iggy's first on camera interview for Dr jays.com. And I initially thought, I'm not gonna like this girl because she kind of represents everything that I have fought against my whole career. Damn. Yeah. A pretty white girl coming in. And like, I wanted to know how genuine she was and authentic to the roots of the art form and paying respect. Its black and brown founders. But I, I felt very, I've got this like mama vibe, And I felt very protective over her when I met her. And then obviously her career skyrocketed.

(7m 59s):
And, and we, we didn't keep in touch. But I Like diggy. I ain't going To say act like I didn't like Diggy. I liked, I was about, she was, she, she loved what she did. She loved and, and whatever the feedback and response to that was, is out of her control. Right. But she genuinely loved what she was doing. So growing up in Australia with Hip Hop is, is it, it's tough. We have our incredible First Nations aboriginal community who embraced it from very early on. I'm Lebanese background, like a lot of Arab Australians embraced it very early on. But we never got the respect. It was very similar to the States. But our minorities are even smaller. We are like smaller minorities got in a majority white country.

(8m 40s):
And so it never got the respect that it deserved. It still doesn't to this day get the respect that it deserves. Even there, like they don't have their own scene there. Like, Well, funnily enough, it has a very small scene, but it's run by by white people still. And, and coming back after living in New York for a decade and achieving what I did and ended up at the Source magazine, becoming the content director when I came home, because I got very sick. I got Crohn's disease and got really sick trying to keep up with the Joneses in New York for 10 years. So came home and everyone was like, oh, you're gonna be the top of it. In in, when you get home, you're gonna get every job. You'll be at the radio stations. I still don't get, the doors are still closed to me.

(9m 20s):
Wow. Because the only Hip, Hop and r and b radio station in Australia has only two live shows and both are hosted by blonde white women. Wow. Yeah. So then you see it. Are they good? That's up to opinion, but, but, but, but I will say like You know, not throwing affirmative action or anything like that in the mix. Are they deserving? Is the question, are they deserving? Because like, like I said, our Aboriginal community, we have so many talents that really should be, we've got a really multicultural community there that isn't represented in the art form, which is pretty insane. Right? So yeah, I felt more accepted here.

(10m 2s):
I felt more accepted when I got to New York. I was like, these are my people. This is home. 'cause I'm a hustler, obviously. Like you said, I've got a million a million gigs. And that's what the story of the book is about. It's about like chasing your dreams even though you get all these doors closed in your face. It's my love letter to this music genre that I think a lot of people forget has changed The. World. Absolutely. And it's changed The World in so many ways. And I've always been very vocal about paying tribute to its black founders. And a lot of people don't do that enough. I think. So that book is the love letter to that In its purest form. Hip Hop brings people together. Oh, in its purest form.

(10m 43s):
It has taught me and so many other kids around The World to be proud of myself too. Like I recognized the pro-black consciousness when I was a kid in the late eighties. And I'm like, their self-empowerment made me feel pride in being Middle Eastern at a time when stereotypes were rampant. And I was really being taught by the movies I was watching in the media. I was seeing to hate myself and to think of myself in a negative way. And I'm like, no, no, no. Public enemy are telling me Fight the power You know. So I can't even begin to describe what black people in the United States have done for marginalized kids around The World in terms of our own pride.

(11m 25s):
What did your family think about when you, when you found out this love for Hip Hop? Yeah. 'cause even in the States here. Yeah. When Hip Hop first came around, yeah. Everybody thought it was gonna be fatty. They thought it was gonna be quick. They thought it was just some hippity Hop. But yeah, it caught on. So what was your family like? My family loved it. Like I was raised by a single mother and she, and by my grandmother too. So very matriarchal family. And my mom loves Hip Hop like my mom, I think rec my mom's a rebel. So she recognized that kind of rebellious fight, the power instinct that it has. And I started rapping at nine, that that's the first chapter in the book. But I very quickly realized that was not my role. And so I think we All started rapping here, I think. Do you think he did? He was dizzy.

(12m 5s):
Dizzy and Winkle. I was a rap at first. And I. We all dreamed a little game. I think you should, I think I should drop a mix tape for sure. Well, that's another thing. Like women's empowerment has been a really big theme in my career. I did an an all female mix tape back around those days, 2011 called Woman on Top with really early verses from Iggy Rhapsody was on there really early. I had a Reebok sneaker come out in 2012 where we did this freestyle thing and it's on YouTube and you and like, it's a really young Rhapsody. And who else was on there? T Ty Phoenix, like all these female rappers. Brianna Perry at the time. Brian knows Brianna. Yeah. Remember Brianna? Yeah. And like, so many, 'cause to me, like, and especially championing black women for me was very important to, like, I'm very respectful of the culture.

(12m 51s):
And I know that I'm a guest in the culture, but I also know that I have something to contribute as an international kind of representative of it too. Yeah. What, what inspired you to go from doing like, I guess, Hip Hop journalism to writing a whole memoir? Mm. Well, I've always been very careful about telling the stories that I feel black journalists should tell. So I'm like, I can tell a memoir 'cause it's my story, right? So I thought that would be a good place to start on a book journey. And I had always thought about writing my memoir, but I thought my story was so singular and very rare that it might not connect to a lot of people. But as I was writing it, I'm like, oh my God.

(13m 31s):
There are a lot of themes here that, especially for young women, I'm talking about like racism, cl classism, sexism, being groomed as a teenager. 'cause I wanted to be on radio. And I wanted to be a journalist so badly getting taken advantage of by like an older guy in the industry who was dangling carrots. Like, these things happen to women in the industry. They're very prevalent. And so as I'm telling this story, I'm like, wait a minute, these themes are gonna resonate. So I kept forging ahead. I entered a contest actually during COVID, it's called the Ritual Prize for Writers And. I thought, I'm not gonna win this. 'cause publishing, again, like every other industry in Australia is very white.

(14m 11s):
They're not gonna understand the story. But I ended up beating like almost a thousand entries. And And I won the ritual prize and then they offered me the book Deal Hase Australia. And the book came out in Australia about a year ago. And it's, it's just come out just this week in the States. So I think there's a lot in there for fans of Hip Hop and people that are living between cultures to, to relate to. I love the title. You mentioned the grooming. Yeah. When did you realize that that wasn't what was supposed to be happening? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because I think there's that moment where you're like, Hmm, this is not, I, I don't have to do This. Absolutely. I got myself in a very sticky situation as a teenage girl with an older man who I didn't pick up on the signals.

(14m 55s):
And I thought he was just encouraging me to work in radio and train me. But I narrowly avoided a very serious situation there. I think that's why I was able to write about it in the book. There was another situation when I was working at another radio station here in New York, and we had mystical come in. And it's funny, this is pre me too. So this is a time when as women in Hip Hop, we had so few opportunities to be on radio to be the males sidekick and, and shout out to DJ Green Lanter, who I, I was on the show with you. And he, he said to me like, I, I don't want to talk. He's like, I wanna play the music. I'm gonna let you host the show. And I was like, That was a great show by the way. Oh, Invasion Radio.

(15m 36s):
Thank you. And he used to put people on the spot and like it Yeah. It was a great show. Thank you. And so we had this situation where You know this guy at that point, Mr. Cord had like a rap sheet literally of offenses. But in Hip Hop in those days, we didn't really, we knew, but we didn't know. It was like If. you go back to people that were probably in media during the Aliya r Kelly days. They knew, but they didn't wanna talk about it. Right. And so he made some very vulgar comments to me when I was just sitting like this at the desk. This is mystical. Yeah. And I felt extremely uncomfortable. But I didn't want to make a scene. I didn't wanna be difficult. I didn't wanna throw him under the bus anymore.

(16m 18s):
I felt very protective of the talent that I interviewed to. So you're grappling with all of that. But then when I wrote the book years later, And I reflected on it. I thought, I'm so proud of the young women today who for the most part call things out straight away. And that's because other women have paved the way for that. Right? And I felt in in that time. I wasn't as vocal about a situation that I should have been. So I think we've come a long way from that. But these things still happen, right? Women are being more vocal, but it still happens. So I hope through the book, without being preachy, young women can learn some, some lessons as they move ahead in their careers. Why the title? Tell her she's s Dreamin.

(16m 59s):
And and then also every chapter has a dream in, In fact, yeah. I realized when I was writing the book that Dreamin was a very prevalent theme in my life. Like I even went through my old magazines that I had issues that I had edited. And I was speaking in the editor's letter about chasing this dream. That feel, that felt impossible as a kid from the other side of The World to come to New York and work Hip Hop. Yeah. Dreams had been really prevalent in my life. My mother was a dreamer. Is a dreamer. She wanted to be in the circus. God bless her her whole life. But my grandmother was very salt of the earth. You know she raised seven kids on her own basically. And worked three jobs. And so I had the, the really kind of down to earth ness of my grandmother mixed with the Dreamin of my mom.

(17m 43s):
And I think that made me able to achieve those dreams, right? 'cause you can't have dreams without work ethic. And also in Australia, there's a very famous,

(17m 52s):
For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic Galati marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way from the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is law and order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(18m 53s):
This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a Woman fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She Is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current, Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows,

(20m 4s):
Substance use disorder. And addiction is so isolating. And so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets You know that no matter what happens, you will be okay. When we learn the power of Hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought to you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing. Shatterproof and the Ad Council.

(20m 34s):
Miss the latest in women's basketball. Don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights. You need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken, and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. It's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and the Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat. Plus, the anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops, the Gamecock Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(21m 35s):
This week on Dear Chelsea, with me, Chelsea Handler. I am joined by the greatest alpine skier of all time. Michala Schiffrin. Michala talks about the ski accident that changed everything for her performing while going through grief and what it's like to release the pressure of being the goat and so much more. It's Like I have no right to be winning this race. I really probably shouldn't even be doing it, but I'm here so I will win. Listen to this episode of Dear Chelsea on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts

(22m 8s):
Movie called The Castle. It's a very Australian movie. And there's a very famous Australian saying, and it's tell him he's s Dreamin, which is like You know. Tell him he's s Dreamin. It's very, it's very Ara Australian, which is like, you, you've, you're having yourself on, right? Like you can't be serious. It'll never, you're bugging. You're bugging. That's exactly what it is. You're bugging Dreamin. That's right. Thank you for the translation. You are bugging. And so I, I I, female lies, I made a feminine. So I, I made it. Tell her she's s Dreamin. 'cause my whole career I've been told this will never happen. Right. You know, like, who are you to think that you're gonna get there? And I grew up reading the source. And I ended up being the content director of my favorite magazine ever. So I achieved those dreams and I'm very proud of that.

(22m 49s):
What's left? What, what, what are, what are you still Dreamin about? What do you still want to accomplish? Oh, if anything at all, I am Dreamin of moving into, I've shifted into more of a mentor role. So I'm, I'm, that's very important to me as we can see with the book. Ah, my heart is kind of still in New York, which is tough. You wanna come back to New York? I feel like I'm living in two places. I feel like I belong here, career-wise, but now I'm married. And I have a 6-year-old beautiful daughter. Shout out to my beautiful family. I think they're listening online from Sydney. I dunno what time it is right now. And your family's from Australia? No, my husband's from New York, but I met him in Australia. Oh wow. Yeah. Life, life is crazy.

(23m 30s):
He's, I lived in Harlem for 10 years. He's from Harlem. Wow. And I met him when I moved back to Australia. What the hell was he doing in Australia? He had jobs there. Like, he used to play basketball, but he had lived in Australia for a long time. He'd lived there like 15 years when I met him. And so yeah, life is, you never know what's around the corner. But for me next, I'm kind of open to whatever happens next. I like, I'm consulting and mentoring and I'm writing more. Actually, I have a essay coming out soon. A Essay. Like a ed. Yeah. I'm writing about Hip Hop and Palestine. Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. So I see you talk about that a lot on Instagram. Yeah. I know we talk about it. Charlemagne And I, which I appreciate how open-minded you are about everything.

(24m 13s):
And I. Just wanna give you a special shout out on air for even allowing me to come up because I disappeared from the scene for so many years. And You know, a lot of people forget people. They leave the messages on read and, and you didn't, You've always been solid and like, yeah, thank you. Like you said, you put us, you gave us our first feature And your photo's in the book, man. So like Yeah. Yeah. Your photo's in the book. So yeah, I'm writing an essay on that. I'm very passionate about Hip. Hop started as a, as an art form to be the voice of the voiceless. Right. The voice of the oppressed. And I feel like there are, there are a number of artists that are speaking out and you've had them up on this show, but I feel like we could be doing a lot more. And, and Hip Hop's biggest stars are, are very loudly silent.

(24m 56s):
So I'm trying to unpack that. That's a conversation we've had a lot of here that Yes. You know some of the biggest celebrities haven't said anything. Yes. And You know for some people they don't get into politics. Yes. They don't know. They don't understand. And what's your thoughts On it? I think art is political. And. I think that when we're watching a livestream genocide, that it's not hard to say, I just want innocent people to stop being killed. It's deeper than that. But on, on a very basic level, as an Arab woman, I feel like we're not humanized enough. And I would like to see my people be humanized. And I'm inspired by Nat Turner, like Nat Turner's rebellion. Like when I say I learned about black history through Hip Hop, I learned about black history.

(25m 39s):
So I think that more people, it wouldn't be happening if more people stood up and said something. And really, they're asking us to use our voices. That's all they're asking for. Please use your platform. Please use your voice. So this essay, it might ruffle a little feathers, but I You know, I feel like we get one life on this earth. And if I don't use that to kind of, I'm privileged And I feel like I should use that privilege for the greater good. What, what do you think about the language surrounding it? Right? Because like you, you hear politicians, they all say the same thing. They, they acknowledge what happened on October 7th, which we all can agree with it travesty. And then they say the hostages have to come home and then it can be a ceasefire.

(26m 20s):
Mm. What do you think of that language? I think that we have to acknowledge that before October seven, there are thousands of Palestinian hostages that are in jail under no charges at all. Men, women, and children. Oh, wow. Yes. And that never gets spoken about. I think we have to acknowledge that Gaza has no control by land, air, or sea. I have, I, I think there are many factors that have dehumanized this population for decades that we are not taking into account prior to that operation on October seven. And so I think when we speak about this issue, and again, I'm not Palestinian, I am Lebanese and Israel is constantly at war with Southern Lebanon too.

(27m 8s):
So I do have a vested interest in this, but it's a, it's a human issue. And I. Just think that If, you keep sending bombs to a population. How is it going to stop? Like IIII just think the narrative doesn't make sense. And we're being gaslit very much at the moment. And, I think people need to understand, there are a lot of people in pain right now. So what do you think about what the US is doing as far as saying like, Charlemagne said we want peace for you this, but sending millions and Trillions of dollars. Yeah, I think it's, I think it's, I was really nervous coming back to the States. But it's not just the US Australia is complicit to Europe is complicit.

(27m 50s):
It's not just the US but the US is funding the arms that are committing a genocide. And so, but I also say on the flip side of that, I have to be really clear, it's happening in Sudan at the hands of Arabs to black people. Right? So it's not just Israel that are committing an atrocity. They have the eyes because as black poet June Jordan said, Palestine is the moral litmus test of The World. And that's why I think our eyes are on it. This is the holy land. Right? But it is happening in Sudan as well. We all know it's happening in the Congo If, you do your research for different, there like it's supremacy in all its forms, it's racism in all its forms. And I think that sometimes Charlemagne And I have talked about the, the lesser of the evils as well.

(28m 36s):
And a lot of people are hurting and they don't want to hear that lesser of the evils talk. Right. So to me, I don't have the answers, but I would just like my people to be humanized at the moment. So we can take a step back and really look at what's happening. Because Palestine was a land and it's getting smaller and smaller illegally. More of that land is being taken. And so to me that is, that is the issue of our time Interest. There's one question and last question there. Yes. You have a picture here with Khaled? Yes. Have you and Khaled had a conversation? 'cause I know he's been a big topic of people feel like he should be speaking up more. So have y'all had a Conversation? I'm writing about Khalid in the essay. That was my question. Yeah. Who exactly are you?

(29m 16s):
Yeah, I I'm writing about Khalid in the essay. I'm writing about a couple others that go to the Middle East to party, make money from other countries in the Middle East. But when it's time to talk about our pain radio silence, And I think that that's happened with black people for decades now. Right. They want our rhythm and not our blues. That's the saying. And now we are feeling it. And so I acknowledge all that in the essay. Right. And I see black people say to each other, why should we give a damn about them? They've never given a damn about us. And I acknowledge that too. And I think we have to be very honest and have these honest conversations about everything and we can't move forward until that. But to your point, yeah.

(29m 57s):
Have you spoke I have reached out to colored people and we've spoken very briefly. I've been told that I'll put that in the essay and you can read about it. But no, we haven't directly spoken. Everyone has their own journey. I understand that. But as a Middle Eastern person, I know our community, our heartbroken at his silence. It's Gonna be interesting to see what happens. You know, especially in November with the election. Especially in places like Michigan. 'cause yes, the reality is America is always gonna fund Israel's military. So it's just gonna be interesting to see what happens. What do you think will happen as far as in Michigan? I, I I really, truly don't know.

(30m 38s):
I really don't know to that. I really have no idea. 'cause even when I think about all those people who voted You know uncommitted in the primary, it's a part of me that's like, but if it's, if Trump gets in, it's gonna be worse. I don't know what's worse than genocide. I do know what's worse. And I understand what you're saying because I do understand that there are other, there are other issues, right? L-G-B-T-Q-I rights, abortion. Like there are huge issues on the table. But That's what I mean when I say worse. Yeah. I mean worse for Gaza. Yeah. Like, oh, there's no worse for Gaza right now. There can't be really, there can't be. There can't be. Like you said, if, if what you said is true, then America unequivocally stands with Israel, which is what Kamala Harris has said unequivocally. Then how can they be worse?

(31m 18s):
That change of power will be the exact same thing. So it's just done in different ways probably. So I don't know what's gonna happen. I'm not American. I'm married to an American. My daughter is a dual citizen and I'm very vested in, I have a You know I love this country. It's given me so many opportunities, but like it does break my heart. The foreign policy of America obviously affects The World America is still a superpower. I don't know if it always will be And I don't know if Americans realize the shift in, in the view of this country around globally, globally. There has been a huge shift. And so, but people always say to me, oh Americans, they only care about America. They don't care about the rest of The World, And I say, as someone who lived here for a decade until you live here, you don't understand what they're dealing with on a day-to-day basis.

(32m 6s):
You have to give Americans some grace because there's so much that goes on here that to take on. I mean, I've had conversations with friends to take on some other tragedy is, is is a lot mentally because dealing with things day to day here is, is crazy enough. So I get that. But it's good to kind of be aware of what's happening That affects 'cause it's your tax dollars, right? Absolutely. Yeah. The last chapter is Don't dream It's over. Break that down. Oh, the last chapter. Don't dream it's over. It's basically about, like you said, every chapter has the word dream in it. It's about never giving up. Like I said, my heart is still here in New York. I'm trying to bring New York to Australia in a lot of ways in what I do.

(32m 49s):
And it's, it's easy to say never give up when, when you feel like the light is never coming into the darkness. I got very sick with the Crohn's disease. I almost died when I got home to Australia. My doctor was like, you are literally life or death. You are killing yourself to like survive in the music industry. Wow. Yeah. That's how much I wanted to chase this dream and make it real. But then I realized like your dreams can change as you change And I think that's the lesson of the book. Like you have these dreams that ignite your fire, but as life changes, the dreams change too. Yeah. And I love That your dreams can change. What'd you say? Your dreams can change you As you change. Agree with that. Yeah. And so now I feel like a new burst of energy with the book and you never know, like I'm up on The, Breakfast Club.

(33m 34s):
Like That's right. It's all come full circle. Like And I, And I met you guys when this was just starting. This started. Life is crazy and and it's so inspiring. How did you deal with, 'cause nowadays like people are so, like it's our culture. Yes. Yeah. And you can't come in and it's all these think pieces on Twitter. Yeah. How do you like, or did you even deal with that when you were first not in Australia, but just here in New York? Yeah. Being a Hip Hop journalist, but not being like of the culture. Right. I didn't really feel that until I got to the source magazine because that's obviously a venerated Hip Hop institution. And I had the conversation with the publisher, Dale Macmillan when he hired me. And we spoke about that and he said, I'm actually hiring you because you are aware of your place and who you are.

(34m 16s):
Gotcha. And he said, some of the staff have said like, who is this girl? What's her pedigree? We don't know her background. They didn't know all the years that I'd put into working within the art form. And so for a little minute I felt some imposter syndrome. But then I realized, look, I've never tried to be anybody but myself. And I've always encouraged, like I said, like especially young black women. Like Nyla Simone was my intern at the Source. Oh wow. Oh Wow. Wow. I I know she's intern You know Nyla tour right now with Rhapsody. That's That's what I'm saying. It's, she's on tour with Rhapsody who I put in the freestyle sessions. So like I've always known my place and I've always known that I really felt like this culture was not re and is not respected on the level that it should be globally.

(35m 3s):
And even within the states probably. But like, especially globally, people will go to the concerts. They love the music, but when it's time to show up at a protest, You know they don't wanna get their hands dirty. And, and I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. Like we can't let black people give us their gifts and not pay that back. That's real in, in, in every way. And, and I've tried to do that. So yeah, things have shifted a little bit and And I think rightfully so. I think that conversation is very needed. But I have always tried to be as respectful as possible in what I do and just contribute because it's a global art form now. It, I mean it was unleashed onto The World from the seventies and I'm a child of that.

(35m 44s):
So I think my duty is to learn the culture, learn the roots, and just stand as much as I can. Yeah. All right. Well from down under to Uptown City. That's right. Music helped one woman make big dreams come true. She dream. Sure. You go get tell us she's s Dreamin right now. That's that. That's right. Thank you guys. Thank you so much. And we appreciate you for joining us. Thank You Virgo. So it was my birthday last week too. Oh yeah. Happy birthday. Happy late. Thank you. Thank you. Simonean Amelia Jordan. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that Ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.

(36m 20s):
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming now on Peacock. Right on now Back to the Funk.

(36m 49s):
For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people, But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end. It sent the message that we can prosecute these people. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(37m 20s):
In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current, Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.

(37m 56s):
Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(38m 27s):
I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want from my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.