
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got some special guests in the building. We have the mayor of Baltimore. Brandon Scott. Welcome. And also we have Erica Bridgeford who is from the Baltimore. Peace. Movement. Yes. Welcome. Now I, I do have to ask a question before you start. I have to make sure that you guys are really from Baltimore. So I want you to read this. Can can you out loud. It's Gonna do it. I'm fine. Earn earned and iron earned. Yes. There you go. That's exactly I don Dunno what that sound like it. Aaron earned and iron earned I. don know what he said. It's not even a real, even real sense because who was earned?


Why did he had to earn and iron earned? I don't understand. Why's the same word did you just said four times? No, it's not. Alright. Tell y'all from Baltimore. I heard the accent Y they all Just asked is a Greek greet. Thank you Jess. We've been like, I knew you guys are doing. Wow. We gonna start right out like that. That's right. That's right. That's right. Well welcome guys. How you guys feeling first? We good? Good. We good? We good? We're good. We good brother? Good. Congrats on your second term, sir. Thank You. Thank you. Thank you. Long time coming. Jess You know the last time we had a two term mayor in Baltimore. I was a sophomore in college 20 years ago. It's been 20 years since we had it. So it's a big deal. And the honor for me to have the, have the city say like, no, we want to keep moving in this direction.


Especially from someone that grew up there when we grew up there and understand everything that has been happening. So what made you wanna Become a mayor of Baltimore? Yeah, so this is a real easy thing, man. So I grew up in Park Heights, right? It's a place in in northwest Baltimore. It's the best neighborhood. Sorry Jess. Oh my God. Please though, don't even start that avenue. That's what I'm trying To say. It's over west. I don't know what you talking About right now. What is that again? But We gonna let you finish. So imagine envy living in a neighborhood literally so that the horse race Preakness is in my neighborhood. Imagine living in a neighborhood that's the center of The World every third Saturday in May, and then every other day of the year you're not treated as human.


Where we wouldn't even go outside on Friday night before Preakness because they would do what we call Preakness sweeps. If you was outside look like us, you could be gone. But the next day, somebody who don't look like us could be peeing in the middle of the street and no one blinks. But before I was even seven years old, I saw someone get shot outside playing basketball and no one cared. And literally I just started pestering my parents, my uncles, my grandparents, all why no one cared. And one day my mom just said, look, if you wanted to change, you gotta change yourself. No one's coming to save us. And having my family be involved in the community, my uncle dragging me with him to political fundraisers when people were trying to get my family's business to donate, I had the understanding of what people should have been doing and who wasn't doing it.


So I said then that that's what I wanted to be At a very young age. You already knew. Yep. Already knew Because I was I was about to ask you what made you not go the other way? You know what I'm saying? Because while I'm gonna give credit to your hood why Park Heights is one of the, the best hoods in in West Baltimore city. It is still also one of the most dangerous Yeah. You know what made you not go, It's a little different now. I tell the the the young And I like y'all, y'all have no idea. Y'all don't know the the old Park Heights. But for me it's about, it's a couple of things. It's my family, right? Like so I am a first generation Baltimore and my, my mom's family is from rural Virginia, right outside Richmond. Okay. My grandparents moved to Baltimore.


Ironically, people don't know this, they're gonna know now to East Baltimore with $300 to their name. Where them My great grandmother. My great aunts, all my older cousins lived in this one house right behind North Avenue, the school headquarters. And then my dad's family. My dad followed my uncles and my older cousins who moved here from rural North Carolina where my grandparents ran a pig farm until they died. Right. Which is why I don't eat pork. 'cause I used to feed 'em myself. But when you come from things like that, you have a different setting. I was set in a world where like you don't have to accept things as they are. You can work harder, you can be greater and you have a responsibility to us and those who, who put you in this position to take us all and your community.


That's right. In a further place. But I also had the community itself growing up running track as an athlete and playing sports. Ironically it was also the people that were deciding who lived or died or who, what the beef was in the neighborhood who said like, you have to be better than us. We want you to be better. Do not let us hear about you getting into any trouble or things like that. And if even some of my family members who work for them with putting me in danger, they would check them. Mm. Right? It was just a different time. So back in the day, I would say I had the entirety of the city that really pushed me to make sure that I became the, a better version of myself and working to be the best version.


Yeah. Now what can a, a mayor actually really do? Right? We, we look at You know reason I ask is You know. People will say the vice president is the vice president, but what can she do? You know the president can do certain things, but she has to get things signed off on. So what can a mayor actually do? Yeah. It's Do you control funding? Do you control? I do. So as the mayor of Baltimore, I do, It's funny, my mayor, go ahead. So I do And I think what people have to understand is the mayor is an executive of a city. Essentially. Every mayor, especially if they're a strong mayor, former government like Baltimore is actually, Baltimore is the strongest former mayor of government in the country. So technically I'm the strongest mayor in the country.


We do get to direct that funding, right? And it's about, in no disrespect, I love my vice president to death. I love my president to death. But the president would tell you that mayors have the toughest job in America because people can see us and touch us every day in decisions that we make every day are gonna impact people and they're gonna hold you accountable even for stuff that you're not responsible for. But when you think about the basic things that people need, essentially I'm the CEO of a $3 billion, $4 billion entity known as the city of Baltimore, right? Everything that people do when they turn that water on in the morning and they want to be hot and clean, it's my responsibility when they want their trash picked up, it's my responsibility When they want their wrecks open up, it's my responsibility when they call 9 1 1 and have the have a firetruck come, it's my responsibility to make sure that that stuff happens.


But at a deeper level, it also is important to make sure that when is someone like me who has that lived experience, that Jess, Erica And I have that we bring that to that job and understanding that things we're talking about our city literally is the birthplace of racial redlining in Baltimore. And everything that we all grew up through is a result of that. So when you think about things that I've just been able to do in my first term and what's really been like the focal point of this documentary, the Body Politic, it's about reimagining what public safety means. Because for all of our life they just said reducing crime is the sole responsibility of the police. But I want people to understand how that was never true. Right? And you take Baltimore, a city that's roughly 600,000 people at its height, our police department had 3000 cops, 3000 people can't keep 600,000 people safe.


Especially when they all don't work at the same time. Right? So we have to do the investments in changing that and we can do that. The mayor sets the tone for how the city works. So I came in and said, no longer are we gonna just say, Hey, it's all the police's responsibility. Every part of city government has to be a part of this. We passed the law that we have to have a comprehensive approach that's led by our health commissioner and then direct the funding to go to other places. So when you look at the fact that we're now funding our community violence intervention work at the highest level that we've ever had, people that used to be in the streets, whether it's safe streets or the brothers that we are us and all these other folks who go out and intercede in violence and we're investing in them and allow them to do that, deciding that we weren't gonna just continue down this path or just like, oh, if they black and outside, we just gonna lock 'em up for anything.


No, we are going to stand up what we call our group violence reduction strategy, which is the epicenter really of the movie. And say we know who the people are who will most likely be the victim or perpetrator of violence. It's much like any other disease, right? Since my granddad had prostate cancer, when I go to the doctor, what did they test me for? So we identify those people and we are gonna give them a chance. First, they actually get a letter directly from me that says, look in Baltimore terms, just, yo, I know who you are. I know what you're doing. I know where you live. This is your chance. I know where you live. I know everything about what you do. I'm telling you this is your chance to change your life. If you need housing, if you need to finish school, if you need You know mental health, whatever you need, we'll give it to you.


But don't try to call my bluff because if you call my bluff, then them boys coming and you won't be able to say, no one tried to help me. And it's working. And we've been able to, last year we had the largest reduction in homicides that Baltimore has ever had in 20%. And we're beating that this year with 24 mayors make the difference on the ground. When you think about what we're investing in. I decided that we were gonna put historic amounts of money into our rec centers when we were growing up. They were closing them left and right. Right. So imagine me going into the doors of Towanda Rec Center in 1989 when I was in pre-K and then becoming mayor in 2020 and going there early 2021.


And it literally was the same building. Nothing had changed, the same weight equipment and it, the building was closed. Right? Yeah. And then being able to reopen that, right? Renovate it. And now we had five more that we're building across the city. And that's only because the mayor decided that's the focus, right? And that's what we have to do in every city is have people in those positions that will do what's, as I always say, the right thing, not the popular one. Because there are a lot of things that I did that people were like, I can't believe you didn't do that. For example, they said I should join on to the state's lawsuit around opioids. The state was suing all these drug companies. I said, no, we are gonna do our own because we were impacted.


More people called me everything but my name. And then lo and behold, now we are like receiving 400 plus million dollars from these companies, from doing it our way. Leadership doesn't mean being like it means doing what's the best thing for the people. And when you, when you wrote that letter, we'll get to you in a second, here we go. That's fine. When you, when you wrote that letter, where did you get that idea from writing the letter? Like So Yeah. So this is, this is about knowing the work, right? So G-V-R-S-A group Violence Reduction Strategy or focus Deter. It is a model that's been around for a long time and it works in cities, it worked in Oakland and all these places. They tried it twice in Baltimore before. And me, so this, I'm 40 now. I came to city hall when I was 23.


So I literally grew up there and seeing the last attempt fail and why I knew that I wanted to go deeper into the work. But also that the number one reason why great ideas and programs and things that fail in cities is because they don't have the executive leadership and buy-in. Because if it comes from me, if this is the mayor's strategy, everybody else that works with city government knows that they gotta do it or they ask gotta get another job. Right? Right. That's the reality. And that's why and ha we have to do the, the, the notifications. Because if not, it's no different than us just showing up. And we use what we call credible messengers to go and deliver that message and say, look yo, if they want to give you a chance and people change their life, And, I, think so.


Who, who Are you giving chances to? Is it, is it shooters, Is it, it is everybody. Everybody. Everybody. So you Don't look at you like, look, you did this. You turn your life around and go locked up. If we can look You, you doing this stuff right now, we know that you are involved in activities that might end up having you lose your life or take someone else life. This your chance, like your group of people that you're with. Chances are y'all ain't gonna be here or you gonna be locked up. That's the reality. We gotta, we gotta tell people the real deal. And if they don't like take that heed, there are people that took it. Right? There was a young man, it almost brought me to tears. We just had a little graduation for some folks through Yap on Saturday. And you can see a lot of this work in the Bali politics, which is airing on next Monday night.


We don't Get into it On ply, we gonna get into it. You can see what happens, right? This young man literally said that he, one young man had been out and on the streets since he was 12 mm. And no one ever asked him what he wanted to do or how he can do things different until our folks showed up. Now he works for the convention center Saturday. A young man had told, told us he had been outta school since elementary school and out there doing what folks do right now. We got him on the right track. People are working for the city. People are starting their own businesses and being able to reconnect with their family. So just simply having a house, right? Like that stuff changes people lives.


And then there's some folk who just tell me, as we would say, just kick rocks. Yeah. And then I'm like, okay. And then that's when they gotta deal with the boys. And you can't say that. We didn't try to tell you that there's, or show that there's another way. There are people out there delivering that message every day like, yo, we can do something different. Because we also have to understand like, look, we all know our people don't own boats, right? We don't own gun companies. We have to understand what's really happening in that cycle that we're allowing ourselves to be put in. And we trying to pull people out of that as much as possible. But we can't just have people shooting and killing people's grandmothers and babies and kids and wives and all the other craziness. We just simply can't have that.


Absolutely. Yeah. Erica, what, how did you get involved with the Baltimore? Peace Movement? Well it used to be called Baltimore Ceasefire because there, there was this guy named, so first there was a 300 men March movement. That's how Brandon And I met. Okay. Brandon and Nia Baha were leaders in that movement. And I got very much involved 'cause my son got involved in the very first march. They did a march from east to, from west to East Hilton, all the way to Maryland, all The way across North Avenue, All the way across North Avenue. And my son did that march and got very much involved. And I'm, I got so involved that uni said, oh you should be a spokesperson. And so I became on the leadership team. So during that movement, one, somebody named U Derrick Jones in Baltimore, he was a big leader.


Yeah. Educator. He passed away suddenly. So a lot of the men in his life and women got involved in 300. And in November of 2015, after Freddie Gray was killed, there were over 300 people got like, we hit 300 murders in November that year. And so the 300 mid March movement called a state of emergency for the city, a community meeting. And a lot of us people showed up there. And one of them was this guy named Ogo who had this idea about calling a ceasefire. 'cause he just You know he watching the news, right? And he sees what's happening in Israel and occupied Palestine and keeps hearing the word ceasefire. And he's like, that's the only thing that made him pay attention to the news is 'cause he heard that word.


So he wanted Baltimore to have that same kind of like introspection, but also eyes on it from the outside. So we had this idea that they would just be one day where everybody agreed in Baltimore, it's gonna be a ceasefire. He took the idea to different men who was like, yo, that shit dumb. It is not gonna work. Not me, not him. Right? Brandon said, look, I ain't say that. Like Brad was like, I ain't say that. Right. And so he, he brought it to me at that meeting. He was like, I heard a lot about you. I see how you move. I feel like you the person I should be talking to. This about two years later, in 2017, the city had more murders than it had ever had in its history. Yeah. Which pissed me off because I had been out doing work all day long.


The mediation center You know, I've been doing that work forever. And so I'm mad like, how the fuck is this was happening when we doing this much work? And they like pointing they the people who say they got connection to the gangs, why don't they tell niggas to stop shooting? Right. Because if they say it, it's gonna happen. The next day when I woke up still that mad about it, I realized that I was, they mm. I'm mad about what people not doing. And. I hadn't followed through on this man's idea from two years ago. So I called him up and was like, what you say you wanted to do? Because God put on my heart, it shouldn't just be one day, it should be three days. That's, and violence is a language. So if we taking violence, we gotta replace it with something. Let's tell people yo do stuff to celebrate life.


'cause if nobody deserve to celebrate life, Baltimore does. Yeah. So just create events that's fun. That's celebrating life. Friday through Sunday, I called, Brandon was one of the first people I called to say, this is what we think about doing. Are you gonna, before I could finish this sentence, he was like, oh yeah, we doing it what you need. So we, we at first we were just calling it a life over death weekend. And to Brandon's point about the last program that was the GVRS, it had been called a ceasefire. And all the streets knew it to be was the police come and lock you up. So when we held this community meeting to ask, what do we name this life over death weekend? People were like, well if you call it Baltimore ceasefire, people know what that, what that means.


And we put a sister component of the Peace challenge. 'cause there's gonna be a lot of people being like, I wasn't gonna shoot nobody this weekend anyway, so they not talking to me. Damn. Right. But that's how people next weekend got a couple nigga this weekend. But this weekend I was chilling anyway. I want You know. And so we wanted people to know the fact that you saying that shit is violent. Yeah. Like, yeah. Like violence is not just about shooters. It's about who you being petty with in your own family. Who you dragging on social media. Like can you be peaceful for three days as a challenge to yourself? But we were worried that because it would be called ceasefire, it would get confused with the previous city program that people, and so we were like, but Baltimore is smart.


If somebody say, oh, that's that shit where the police, we were like, no, that was that. This is this. Yeah. And people gonna understand. And they did. And, and it, so at the time the ceasefire started in May of 2017, people were being killed every 19 hours in Baltimore. So we had that first weekend in August of 2017. The city went 41 hours that weekend without anybody getting killed. And although people be like, well that ain't nothing. You say that shit till you get the phone call. Yeah. You know, you tell us somebody You know. Right. So when we hit 24 hours, we was like, wait a minute, bitch, we might have did something. Right. You know, 41 hours. But also when the first person got killed, we went, showed up at the space. We blessed the space where the murder happened.


We found his family. His family got money and resources and a Kingdom Life church showed up and gave his mother the funeral. And she literally said if her son was going to be killed, she was glad it happened during the ceasefire weekend. And that's some wow shit to say. But that's really what she meant because she was like, if he got killed last weekend or next weekend, nobody would've cared about my son. Wouldn't son like publicized nobody. Yep. So everybody that was like, well it's do but it's not gonna work. We was like, okay, we gonna do it every, every three, every three months though. So Yeah. Yeah. So we started doing it every three months. We started blessing murder spaces all year round in 2022. It occurred to me that the way creation actually works is whatever you focus on your attention on with intense emotion, that's where you're gonna manifest physically.


So we're calling it ceasefire and we are paying so much attention to what we're against. We are not putting that energy on what we're for. That's right. Because when you redirect your focus to what you're for, you don't give a fuck about what you against you like this, about what I'm for what I'm standing on. Yeah. So we said, we asked Baltimore, what do You know already exists here? What are you for, what do you want for yourself? And from different places the ideas came, it should be Baltimore Peace Movement. Yeah. So we changed the name, the focus more on what we want, what we are for what we know we can uplift in the city. And this work is important to me. 'cause since I'm 52 years old, that's when y'all go girl You Know bitch, I, I got you.


You do look good. Thank you very much. Yeah. So I started seeing people get killed when I was 12 years old. My brother was one of my brothers was killed in 2007. My cousins have like just countless people. Yeah. And that kind of pain and trauma is either gonna swallow you up whole or it's gonna push you forward into your purpose so that other people don't have to experience what you experience. And so the the pain of my life and understanding that they are now ancestors, fighting with me on the other side, whispering, moving pieces for me on the other side. That's right. Like when I did not follow my calling, I was suicidal and tried to kill myself.


And so I'm aware like I gotta do what my soul tells me to do. Yeah. Or else I'm gonna end up back on the psych ward and I'm not gonna make it because I shouldn't have made it this far. And survivor's remorse can become a real thing. Yeah. Right. When I've heard bullets flying past my ear, I've, I shouldn't be here for a lot of reasons. But my parents had me on purpose. Yeah. You know. They said, oh, let's have a boy who's gonna change The World. So I came out a girl kind of acting like a boy. Yeah. I was say this One of These moments. And I like girls and boys. So I kind of get the You know I get the, do I get the, I ain do other things not, but they knew.


So they were gonna name me Malcolm Patrice had I been born a boy. But they named me Erica after Erika Huggins. And my middle name is Angela after Angela Davis. So it's not lost. She's just two R in her name. Yeah. Two, my father fucking misspelled my name. Yo Erika Huggins only has one R in her name. Oh. He thought it was two. So I was reading the autobiography of Angela Davis in my twenties and he, she mentions Erika huggers and I'm like, they spelled Erica's name wrong. And then I'm like, no, you shit. She telling them name. I called my father like, yo, you spelled my name wrong. He said, oh well. And you was born with, with less fingers and more ladders. You special because I was born like this as well. Also you was born like that. I Was born like this. And I thought it was because you Both. That's why Couple look.


That's twice. It's a mess. That's all the way Doing Ravens doing well Way. Ain't no football happening up here. That's we, we ain't gonna leave that At all. Nothing happening on either side. Tell us, I want you to tell us about the Body Politic documentary too. Why it's so important, why people should go check it out. Which hold up. Which I actually did watch And I love it because You know he of course Brandon sent it to me. I love it because it speaks to people in Baltimore of all ages. Yeah. Yeah. Like my son. That's something that I can watch with my son. Yes. And even how it comes on is like we have the most always say we got the most authentic mayor. And I've met a lot of mayors in traveling and, and certain You know I've been honored it by certain mayors and in different cities and stuff.


But we have Baltimore, we have like one of the most authentic mayors. The way he speaks, the way he talks, the way he loves his city and how he actually went through shit. Yep. And it is not just the polish 'cause you think of a mayor, it's not Politic, it's a polished Person. It's like, oh, this person is perfect and this person like nah. Brandon is literally the most down earth. Don't let his temple pop out. You know what I'm saying? I don Step be like Brandon. Absolutely. Yes. I don't think you could say that. When I looked over Saying this nigga at my section in my birthday party, it Might hold, hold up you why got your own section I don know you and my section and shit. And you like, no, You come told me it's your birthday party. And. I had to come. I was like, all right Jess party. I'm, I'm there. But He is, it wasn't my fault.


Ed wasn't on on that wasn't me. First of All, you ain't had to let nobody know. No was it Was a building Sweating hell, hell in was building. It was hot earth building. It was, that's Dave's fault. That's Dave Councils fault. Wasn't no air that goddamn. They Look at me like, can you call it? I'm like, what the hell I'ma do? They they laid the mayor like this. The man fought just party ain't have no air. I'm like in A private building. I'm like, what the hell I gotta do with this? Come on. Yo. Like I was saying, yo, he's, He's actually somebody that actually can touch the people can actually Yes. You know, say I've walked that walk. And I know why You know things are like this. Yeah. And things are like, and You know making the city a better place.


But I love that the doc is something that my whole family can watch. Yeah. Because You know when you think about like a, oh shit, the mayor just dropped the documentary, you, you looking to not understand it because I'm a person that's not really into politics. Me either. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But the fact that I understood the whole thing. You know me, my son, my man, we watched it. You know my mom I sent of course I sent it to her as well. And it is amazing. And it's not out yet. It is, it is going to be out. But it actually shows you things. It comes out Monday, right? Monday, yeah Monday. But it actually fifth, it actually shows you things that she don't even know about your city. Like I didn't even know that. 20, what was it? 2019 was our worst year.


2017. What was it? 20 20 17 was our worst year. You know. So I, certain things like that, like You know. So it it is definitely informative. It's informational. And if you, even if you're not from there, it is definitely an inspiration to have a mayor like you to come out to drop a dock about your city like this. Yeah. Well I think for me, I think it's important for, for me for multiple reasons. Yeah. One like I think it's important, this is something that, yes, it's about Baltimore, but really this is also about like inner city America. Right. I think 'cause you could replace me with whatever mayor the across like Mayor Wood in Birmingham and all these other folks that are doing this great work in the, in their cities.


Mayor Jones, my, my favorite mayor in St. Louis. Right. Who are from those cities and doing this work. But I think what happens is, like you said Jess, and look, You know we love you. We are very proud of you. You gotta say that every time. But people look at their elected officials and they don't really see them as human. Right? Like they see us as these robots that have to do this stuff over and over and over. Right. I always say like, people Erica laugh when I see this. People think that like my job can be described by my Instagram feed. They have no idea. Right. The stuff that has to happen. And, I think for me the reason why, and this is the second documentary that I've done, I was in another one called Charm City when I was a council person.


Yeah. But I did this because I wanted people to see raw and uncut. What it's really like because people have no idea what it's like to be the person that has to call someone and tell 'em that their loved one never were coming home. Yo. Yeah. Or be the person that someone's calling and saying, my baby's not gonna walk again. Or have to make that decision. That You know


the Holidays are just around the corner. And if you are anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up. Anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get. But I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa. Whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Is gonna impact people in, in a way that people aren't gonna be happy about. And what you see in this movie also is this, that Baltimore o base sprinkle grit that we have. And that despite all the stuff that we hear and all these TV shows, there are so many people that love our city. When you see hell yeah Erica. And when, when you see all of the folks Dante and everyone out there doing that work. Right. You see something that you won't get to see. Yeah. Because most people aren't gonna be out there with violence intervention workers or, or safe Streets workers and saying like, Hey, yo, you gotta do you, you don't need to do this. Right? Yeah. Most people are not gonna be out there blessing a space after someone gets murdered.


Right. And most people aren't gonna be sitting there getting those phone calls like I did. Or having to fight to even start this program. Right? Yeah. Like it's like you you say envy. I couldn't just do this on my own because agencies from the state Right. And we had a different governor. We didn't have West Moore when, when this movie was being found. Right. Like I had to convince our former governor to, to agree to do this. I had to convince our federal partners at the congressional level to agree to help us do this. People don't get to see that. And they also don't get to see like my raw emotion, like when things happen. And this is one that's ca captured in the film that you, you don't see from, from my standpoint as much as you do from Erica's.


But our, our brother Tada Boxdale was murdered doing the filming of, of this, of this movie. And people will see me that day on the news talking, but they don't know, like most people don't know how close Tada And I are. They're gonna know now in this video, in this movie, when they see me and him walking around these neighborhoods together, they don't know that. Like, it took a lot for me to even go out and talk to the press that day because I had to not be in that moment. I couldn't grieve. Yeah. I couldn't do any of the stuff that you do when someone that close to you is murdered. Because now I gotta go and show a strong, strong standpoint for the city. Understand. And people will be able to see that and also see that there's a different approach to dealing with violence that's working and we have to spread it across.


I think the thing that I've been most proud of with the film is that two months ago, president Biden and Vice President Harris had a a a a executive order sign it at the White House. And after that, mayors from around the country stayed to watch the film. Never in my wildest dream. Yeah. That I think Little Brandon from Park Heights and Cold Spring would be at the White House first. Right. I've been there more times than I ever thought I could imagine in the last four years. But two, that they will be watching a movie about me and about Baltimore and it be something positive. Yeah. Right. But that's what this, this story is about. It's about hope, determination and what is possible when people work together. Yeah. And I think it's really important.


I was really excited to come here specifically because PBS is not a place where our people going to go and know what the fuck is on PBS or Monday at nine 10 o'clock. Right. And I was like, so the viewership, the audience of The, Breakfast Club, these are our people impacted by violence, living this and, and, and even the people doing the work around violence, tho that's the people that watch that that followed us. And I was like, and we gotta wait till, just come back from maternity leave because we Not Gonna be Baltimore in the building. And just not That don't even a child's three years old right now. My daughter Gets three months today out happy three months, three years old, sleep come better in a birthday.


Second birthday. Third birthday baby talking now every shout out. So to me it's just, it's important for people to feel seen in their pain. Like those of us who do the work, boots on the ground, there are people like us all over this country because Vi America is a place that believes in power over instead of power with it is a, it teaches that violence is the way you get power. Yeah. And so all cities like Baltimore are dealing with this same problem. And they have people like us doing healing work, doing intervention work, doing mediation work. But they, people still look at us and say what we should be doing and how come y'all not doing?


'cause they don't really see on the, they only see us on tv. Right. Or happen to maybe see us in the street. That's true. But they don't, even if what my pain and grief was public around tta different from what Brandon did. I was all over the national news crying about it. Yeah. But people still will circle back and go, well then y'all should be doing this, that, and the third. But you not really doing nothing except being whatever you which In the comments people in the comments that's in the comments, The comments job being a comment. Some people just cheerleaders, some people just hate us. That remind me who I wanna be. Yeah, that's fine too. But people, it's important for people to see what it is. Like what you actually as a human go through when you decide I'm going to have an intimate relationship with violence and murder because I'm, I'm working to heal it in The World.


And people need to be seen about that work and about their trauma and about how they lost people. And it's not just them that's going through it and that people really love them and people really want Baltimore to win. Absolutely. That's something I have learned. We've traveled around The World with this film. Yeah. It's, it, it, it premiered in London last year. I was at work early, traveled around The, World You know they gonna see this and be like, oh, that's why we not gonna talk about how Brandon didn't make it to London. That's a whole different conversation. Okay. But the news lied about what he was doing and why he didn't make it. But that's a different conversation. But we've been to the Netherlands, we've been like, this film has literally been seen around The World in Africa's.


Like it's been seen everywhere. And just like you're saying that things that people in Baltimore are gonna watch it and go, yo, I didn't even know that about us. Beautiful things. People around The World got to say that about us. And which made me say to them, that mean it's neighborhoods right here where you live that you judging the fuck out of. Yeah. And you saying there's something wrong with them instead of asking what happened to them and how do you benefit off of the systems. Yeah. That's doing whatever it is doing to them. So Yes. Support our work in Baltimore. Absolutely. But it's probably stuff happening right here where you live that you need to be looking at differently. Yeah. And you need to be supporting the work getting done right here where you live. Check it out on p you say something. Yeah. I'm about to say it, but I wanna remind people Check it out Monday on PBS.


What time? Monday? It's coming on 10:00 PM on, on Monday. 10:00 PM Monday. But you can stream it on, on PBS afterwards. Right, right. During forever. And then it'll come to Summer Stream November 25th. Can't wait to see. That'll be streaming And people should check their local listings. 'cause You know PB sbs all depend. Just find it on the film has the Instagram, it's at the Body Politic film. Yes. So definitely go check that out. I just got one last question. You know you were talking about, you said that You know you were meeting with Biden and Kamala Harris You know. So now that Trump will be in office in January, I'm gonna just move back from the market. Ha Have you had conversations with his administration as of yet? Or even spoken to him yet? And and how do you plan on You know focusing on that?


Because I mean, I don't think Trump is really gonna care about the inner cities too much. I You know areas like Baltimore, Detroit, he Hate Baltimore. He's made it, he's made it known. He don't, he Hate Baltimore. It's gonna be a lot more difficult to get funding and to make sure that you got the budget you need to make sure that your city is, is, is clean and clear and, and good. So how do you Yeah, we, we buckling down. Right? And I think that this is the reality and this was the message that I was delivering all over the country to folks. Right. Because we, I was in that first meeting envy with the president and vice president where we talked to them before opera hit the street about, yeah, we need to be able to use this stuff to help community violence intervention and focusing as on gun violence as a public health issue.


We didn't think in our wildest dreams that the president would go out and say it right then and there. But he did and then allowed us to do that work. We put $50 million of our opera money into community violence intervention. Yep. Now, we don't know, none of us know what a Trump administration's gonna look like for our cities. But if, if they are going to carry out the things that they said, we know it doesn't look good for us. So we have already been working because we know that opera and these other stuff, we're gonna end to how do we now institutionalize these things within city government working with our state government. We are blessed in Maryland to have a governor, west Moore. We're now blessed. We, we can gonna continue to have the best congressional delegation with the now with the addition of Senator Angela also Brooks.


So if folks, black people in particular are living in a, in a city or a state and they feel like their rights are being infringed, come to Maryland. A k death come to death row record come to death row. Death. Death. If you don't want your governor telling you what books you can't read, if you don't wanna live, you wanna live in a state where women's bodies can be protected. Come to Maryland. If you want to come to a place where black people will be respected, come to Maryland. But that aside, I think that what we are gonna do is we're gonna knuckle down. We're gonna be working with our philanthropic partners. And that's the key on how we set this up. It wasn't just the city funding it, it wasn't just the Feds funding. It wasn't just the state funding it. We had our philanthropic partners, all of us together. And now we just have to wait and see.


My hope is that the new administration sees like, oh, this city has been having tremendous reductions in violence. Right. Right. Why would they come and disrupt that? Right. We hope that that can, can continue. We hope that our congressional delegation is still like they are today, being able to make choices about what things they get funded in their local districts. And if not, we just gonna have to work around it and do it ourselves. Right. Right. That's what we have to do. Because this work has to continue not just in Baltimore, but in Newark, in St. Louis. Right. In Chicago, everywhere else in the country. Because we know that violence is going down. That's right. In our inner city. So we just have to do that work and buckle down.


I got one more thing to say. So after the, the election, Brandon, you said, this country does not deserve black Women. It doesn't. Okay. I want you to, to, what do you think that we need, I want you to expound on that. Like Yeah. Well, we can be here all day. I, I think, I think when I said that and people were like, oh, that's a great speech. I was like, well, my staff would tell you that they had no idea without what I was gonna say when I went out there. I, it was just the response. But I think there's a couple things, right? Yeah. When we think about, and people can say what they want, right? When we think about the election that we just went through, we went through election with the most qualified person to ever run for this position, was the most disrespected candidate ever ran.


The best campaign that I've ever seen. And I've been around a lot of campaigns and yes. That with A little time, that a Little bit of time. And yes, that includes President Obama's and the we love him forever. You know, I love you president. But this, when you look at that and you look at the focus and the things that people, people focused on, it's very clear that this country still has a big problem with black people and with women. And unfortunately my vice president, your vice president, it was both of them. Because this wasn't for many people about policy. Right. Folks voted against their best interest, which is insane, but it happens all the time.


We have to have real and honest conversations about what it means to allow people to be treated the way they should be treated. Yeah. And not be disrespected the way they should be. Disrespected And, I always say this up to people like me in my position, like I said, that day to call things as they are. Right. And people are like, oh, you're putting yourself at risk. You are making yourself a target. Like, I'm already a target anyway. I'm already at risk. And what are they gonna do to me that they didn't do to my ancestors? The reality is, too many people that look like me fought and died for me to be even able to sniff a position like this for me to sit by and allow someone who was as qualified as talked about, but also who personally did so much for me in my city to just be treated like that and, and not say it.


Yeah. Right. I think that I owe that to her as a black man, as a son and grandson of black women, but as the, as the husband to a Blasian wife, just like she's blasian, blasian American as well. I owe that to them, but I also owe that to my ancestors and for me to continue to stand on what we know is right and call it out. And we know that. Right. We can, if you just look at what they say about her every time she opens a mouth. Yeah. And then other folks can just say stuff you can be like, really? Yeah. Really. I mean, look, y'all, Linda McMahon's about the lead of department of education. Right.


And we talking about qua, she wasn't qualified for the job. That's crazy, right? Yeah. It's crazy. Come on though. Like, we know We know what it is and folks have to call it out and stop being scared to do so. Yeah. Because that's how these folks get so comfortable in continuing these things because people are like, oh, yo, they gonna take away my money. They gonna, yeah, money is fine. Your position is fine. That is fine. But like, what principles do you have? What kind of world do you wanna live in where you can literally see that happen to this woman? And also, look, let's be honest, the data doesn't align. Right. We have to remember And I, this is in particular, I, I take this personally too because I also came into office during the middle of the pandemic, right.


When they came into office. No one knew what the next week was gonna look like. Yeah. Let alone the next four years. And when you think about it in particular to black folks and folks that listen and watch The, Breakfast, Club, you've never seen more investment in the HBCUs. You've never seen more small black business career. You've never seen a lower level of black unemployment in this country. What else do you want? Yeah. Like this stuff takes time. She's not gonna just be there in four years during the height of a pandemic and then like, oh, all these things that, that have existed in this country since they brought the first one of us over here, it's gonna go away. We have to stop holding ourselves to this extreme high regard and taking Joe whatever the rag man from other folks.


Love that. Definitely check out the documentary. Yes. This Monday, 10:00 PM check your local listing on PBS. And we appreciate you for joining Us. Anytime. Yo, I Wanted to ask you, who was the guy next to you? He's a wise man in my opinion. Who said it takes a village to raise a child? Oh, that's Uncle T The village is tard it. Tarded. That's uncle T. Shout out to uncle T. Shout out to Got me in trouble. My What? Thought he was say if you, I'm like you gave uncle T to Mike. What you thinking about that man? Nah, Erica, when he said that Brandon knew he fucked up. He said, envy, this was a whole press conference. Yo. And the nigga stay next to the man said it takes the village, the raid a child.


What if the village is retarded? Brandon You know what meant. I knew what he meant. Just know what he meant. Erica knew What he meant. That's not the point. Even with the mask going, you can see Brandon Man. I'm like, damn. You Know. Yes. Yes. So we had another event a couple weeks ago and Uncle t's about to ask the que. I said, uncle T, you gotta, before you asked this question, he did. Man. He had talking points. I said, before you ask the question, the last time you asked me a damn question, you got me in a lot of trouble. And everybody just bust out laughing. That's my man. I love Uncle T love, I love that he a lot work. Saves a lot of young people in East Baltimore. We love him very much. He's Your uncle. T he's, he's 40 plus, 45.


You know. Look them old black people. They gonna say what they want. They gonna say what they Mean, what they say not give Up. And he got a right to, 'cause he whipped the young people over east every single day helping to Lives. But I'll tell you something about Uncle T though. This is this how You know when and you, you'll remember this, remember this summer we had this incident where this young lady was shot and and killed inside of her house. Right. Uncle T called me before the police commissioner called me and him and the community. When I got there, they were like, Brandon, this who it is. So I delivered the message to our folks and then if you watch the interview and Eric, everyone was online like, yo, Brandon is sending a message and others don't know what he's saying.


I literally go out there and say the entire city is looking for you. Your best bet is to turn yourself in. He knew they knew what I was saying. But that's the kind of person and that's really what's happening with these communities because people ain't just gonna let somebody go in a house and kill a little baby and you think you just going like, well go off about your business. Yeah. Like, nah, yo, they like people gonna be looking for you. And they were able to sound like, look y'all chill. We'll find him. Tell us who it they told us and we was able to get him and put him where he belonged. Yeah. But I think that shows you the character of people who know like, no, we gotta set a code that like no, whatever you got going on ain't got nothing to do with this little baby. Yeah, that's right.


And that's the kind of thing that we have to have and stop allowing. Like the thing that pisses me off the most is if I go on the internet and see somebody and shot somebody, mother or daughter or somebody and they be like, free. Free what? Free so and so. Are you crazy? Like, yo, he killed somebody's child. Right? Like ain't had nothing to do with they little city. Silly petty beef. 'cause I think envy one of the things in just that people don't realize is that this ain't the nineties people dying over regular beef. They ain't dying over whole amounts of money. Like yeah yo disrespecting me or dumb shit every other day. Like Yeah, I did say that one time. Yeah. Dumb shit on, on tv. I did, thanks Jess for reminding me yo sent my yo sent my girl a, a message on Instagram.


Like Yeah. Did she respond? Yeah. Then it ain't your girl bro. Like Right. She both of y'all girl. That shit, like, that's just how it go. Right? Like and we gotta get, our folk gotta understand that we gotta be better with each other and understanding how to resolve conflict because we gonna have conflict. Yeah. That's the human way. The biggest thing thing is, is I know we gotta go, but I think the biggest thing is social media and I'm gonna tell you why. Right? Because before, if that was a situation, you send my girl a note, it's just between me, you and my girl. Yeah. Everybody. The embarrassment is not there. Right. I can just walk away. Now I'm embarrassed because now everybody, everybody feel like I need, I need back. It's my ego You know. Same thing is if if you, if we get into a fist fight, right?


Yep. You beat me up. Spot On And You know it's a couple of people that see it. I go home, it's gone. The people at the next block don't know. Now they They Filming it. Media And. I know I can't beat you. So next time I gotta bring the bl. Correct. That's what happens. So now it's all in the comedy. That's what happens. You saw a few this, you light-skinned this. So now I gotta prove myself. Yeah. You get TM G from New York. I understand. That's right. You got new balances on your sweatpants. You know It's really, it's, I just wanna say because you brought up like conflict in general, right? That's it really is a trap to make us Yeah, it is. Think that we, there's no other choices like the thing I have to do now because people don't understand Right. They don't understand the brain science of it is, it's just a moment in your brain telling your body, run, fight, freeze.


You chose fight. But if you take that pause and calm down, it's a lot of other options to you. Yeah. But you are being socialized to think these are the only options because your humanity ain't worth shit. So these, you gotta act like an animal 'cause you are an animal and this is all you can do when really you got all of these other options. And we don't get taught conflict management skills like conflict management didn't get, doesn't get addressed like the coronavirus. I I think also because we are just learning as it's going on. Yeah. Right. You see what I'm saying? Like You know because, and, and, and and anybody's will will be a liar if they say it doesn't affect them. The first time you read a negative comment about yourself, it could have been a hundred positive comments. Oh that one negative comment stuck with you.


That's one or that two, those two negative comment stuck with you. And it's hard to be like, I'm gonna let it go. It takes it time to learn to be like, ah, That we Just had that conversation in the car. I told our was I Just don't look at it. And there are all over this country organizations that teach conflict management skills. We do that at the community mediation center in Baltimore that teach mediation. So there's a safe space to take. All right, me and you say that shit to my face and a confidential space so we can really work it out. Right? Yeah. And there are organizations doing that work all over. But they have to be uplifted as much as to keep that same energy shit is to to recognize that it is in intentionally trying to make our demise.


That's right. Just a real, And the last thing I'll say, I say this to the kids all the time too. Right. And we have to understand like who's programming. That's right. I got, I I got asked this by a kid in a school last year. He's like, Mr. Man, every time I go on Instagram or TikTok is trying to show me fight videos, I don't watch fight videos. I said Yeah but people in your class. Yeah. Other people do and they think that people like you of course or algorithms are a real thing. Yeah. Perfect example. This is a true story. A young lady that works for me set is wanted to set up a TikTok account. I was like, I'm not downloading TikTok. Mm. You can do what you want. But she was like, well we want the algorithm to be right. So you sit here while I pick the thing. She's like, what are you interested in? I'm like sports, babies, politics, weather, nature.


Right. Cities assuming she goes in there because it puts in my age right. And all my information and where I live. Mm. All they wanted to show me was as videos because you're a black I a black Age as That's She's looking your age. You must wanna see as we have to understand that that's crazy and really figure out ways to unplug ourselves from that. But thank you all for having me. Problem For joining us. Thank you Both. Brandon Scott, Erica, For make sure you check out the documentary this Monday, 10 o'clock on PBS November 25th. Thank guys so much. Thank. Thank you you so much. Thank you You so Much. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there And listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024, which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Did You know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.