
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Okay, have you heard about this Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. Now. It's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long OSA is here as well. We got a special guest in the building. He's running for Mayor of New York City. Ladies and gentlemen, Michael Blake. Welcome brother. What's good? What's going on y'all? How you feeling? Oh Man. Another day above ground's. A blessed day. We rocking right Now. That's right. For people that that don't know who you are in your background, give him a a quick rundown of of who Michael Blake is Born and raised in the Bronx, New York. You know, public schools K through 12 PS 79 1 18. Deal with Clinton. Let me go a step back. Full name is Michael Alexander Blake. So for the Jamaican, massive, As soon as you said Alexander, they knew exactly, they, they Understand Busta Monte vibes.


They understand what's going on out here right now. Every everybody has a Winston Laton or Dexter in their family right here, right? Or Donovan, you know, grew up here, left, went to Northwestern, studied journalism. My mom, you know, blessings to my mom 40 years. She, she worked at a manufacturing plant, raised four boys. My dad got rest of his soul. He was the janitor of St. Barnabas. And after Northwestern, you know, life was changed forever. When I was trained by this man named Barack Obama. It was one of 10 in the yes we can program. They, they trained us on how to run races. Went out to Michigan. We won races in Michigan and then rocked with them. You know, life, life was changed from there.


I always joke, I was the other black man in Iowa with him right there, right? And then after Iowa, seven more states. Went to the White House with him for two and a half years. Ran all his black outreach, minority business outreach. And then I came back home. 'cause I wanted to help my people. I quite frankly, I wanted to show these young cats on the block that you can grow up on the block and still make it go to a White House and come home. Came back home, was elected to the Assembly for six years. My Brothers Keeper program for boys and young men of color. Prompt pay bill raised the age. Khali Broder was our constituent. But now it's about, you know, doing more. So I'm a husband, I'm a bonus father. Just having my, my first Father's Day as a bonus dad, of course. So that's been blessing right there of much love to the fathers all here.


I'm an alpha, I'm a mason, I'm a reverend. You know, we decided to here do something special. Now. Now why'd putting your hat into this, this, this New York City Race. I think I'm the best one prepared right now. Like the, the biggest thing people are facing is affordability. You know, New York is just, it's crazy expensive, right? And at the end of the day, they gotta full, full agreement right now. And if we want to be serious about changing the game when it comes to cost of living, then there's specific things we have to do. We, we have to have ending credit scores. Credit scores being used for housing applications doesn't make sense. You know, we need to increase income limits on these housing applications as well. We need a local median income because area median income is not working.


It doesn't make any sense that you have Westchester, Suffolk and Rockland County in the calculation. That doesn't make sense at all. And then when we think about what's happening, I do believe you need to have someone who has White House, state House and local experience. And I have all three because we're watching the foolishness of Trump and people are understandably scared every day, whether it be in New York or LA or any, anywhere in between. And so I jumped in because I want to show people, yes, you can have the next generation of black leadership. Yes, you can have someone who was qualified at all the levels. Yes, you can have someone who's actually focused on affordability in a very real way. And let's be clear, you gotta talk about how you're gonna pay for all this. And I said there should be a vacant apartment tax for people that are not living in New York City.


We should, you know, focus on the NYPD excessive overtime. You got $1.4 billion in that. You know, we can do things to actually pay the bills and actually make sure we change the game at the same time. And that's why I say to folks, you know, if you're looking for the candidate who can do that, you should be ranking Michael Blake first for mayor. How Did you feel about how mayor Eric Adams were in New York? Well, Emini here. I wouldn't be running if I thought he was doing his job. Emini here, Emini here. He spent more time trying to stay outta jail than actually helping people. Mm. Right? What, What do you think he did good, if anything. And what would you change immediately that you didn't like what he did? Emini here. Shit, how much time we have? We Got a little bit time. We got a little bit time Emini here. Look, I think how many things can you change Emini here you have a scenario where you had unconstitutional stop and frisk on the rise.


You had a culture of Corruption, you had a dynamic where they were trading dynamics when it comes to ice raids for him to, again, stay outta jail. That's, that's not me saying that's just the reality. You have one outta eight New York City Public school students are homeless, costs are going up. Emini here, like the list goes on and on. You know, I I think that you have a scenario where there was great talent hired in. I think sometimes what happens is that the, the very select few who made a lot of mistakes, cast a shadow on everything else. You know? But you can't ignore that when you have a dynamic where people were getting promotions because of, you know, sex deals at NYPD and people getting paid off.


That's nonsense, right? And real talk, it makes it harder for all of us that are black that are trying to do some things. Because you go in these conversations like, well I'm not sure if the city's ready for the next thing. No, it, it is. We are not him. And if we want to talk through how do we do this differently, then you gotta change the game on this. And I gotta ask you, what the hell is cross endorsing, right? Because it came out today that you are cross endorsing ZR Madani. Yeah. What the hell is that? I, that's kind of, it feels like, look, we going to battle together, but we, we gonna be friends while we do it. Like what is crossing doors? You break it Down Emini here. That's, that's the vibes right there. So, alright, so 11 of us are Democrats running in the primary.


11 of us are Democrats running in the primary? Correct? Because we have ranked choice voting, which started four years ago. What Is rank choice void for people that don't Know? So in New York City, you don't have to, and you shouldn't just vote for one person, you should actually rank five people. So whoever is your first choice when you go to vote, which if that means if you vote in absentee or if you voting early, voting early voting goes to the 22nd. Or if you wait till the 24th, your first choice, you should circle in, this is my first choice. Your second choice. Second choice all the way through. Why? Because now the only way someone can win is if you get 50% plus one of votes. So whoever is the lowest vote getter in the first round gets knocked out.


If envy says, you know what, Michael Blake is my first choice. And then, you know, Raven Robinson's my second choice and Hannah's my third choice, Michael Blake gets knocked out, then Raven then gets the vote. So it actually gives the voter of New York more power it. Back in the day, if you only voted for one person and that person doesn't make it through a runoff, then you're pretty much, you're done. Right? So what we're saying right here for is in particular, when it comes to Zoran, Zoran And I talking about affordability the most, right? We're real clear on, if we're serious about the, the number one issue that New York is talking about is that it is crazy expensive in the city. Mm. So who has the plans around that? And I've said, you know, I'm making it clear.


I think Zoran is gonna be my number two. You know, I'm ranking as my number two, you know, grateful that he's cross endorsing us as well because he's also making it clear we gotta break from the Corruption of Cuomo and we gotta make it clear that you can address affordability, you can do both, right? So we gonna still figure out who's the rest of the ballot. You know, I think I'm pretty clear on, on the rest of that team. 'cause you have other great candidates, you know, Adrian Adams, you know Zel, no Omar, Brad land out here, you know, doing their thing. But I wanna make it very clear to New York City, you should rank Michael Blake first, especially for all the folks out here who are still trying to make the decisions. But then the cross endorsement is saying, I want you to know that there are other people on the team that I also wanna make sure on your ballot. Now a question is just devil's advocate, right?


Talk to me. Why wouldn't they rank you number one? And you tell everybody to rank Eric Adams. Number two, I tell you why. If Zoran is your biggest competition, why would you rank him too and not rank somebody that is really no competition. Number two, because it's easier to win. It's kind of like, you know, when you're playing basketball, right? Yeah. I wanted the Knicks to play the paces. I think the paces were gonna Rock them. Come on, come on. It's too, it's too soon. I I didn't think the the paces were gonna rock 'em. I don't think nobody did. But it's too soon you would want that because you feel like that would be a easier win. Well, fair. So fair. So the the one two is not necessarily you are trying to battle with that person.


It's really making it clear to your voters that if I don't keep going, this is who I want you to make your next person got you. Right? So like this is the allegiance that we want to see happen here. So when people are thinking through, okay, help me to understand this. And this happened last few days. You know, first debate we had everybody times post daily news said that I won the debate. It was real clear that we handled the debate stage. Now you have a lot of folks that are coming through saying, okay, I'm now trying to decide who's my five. So I want everybody in the squad to understand. If you are saying we can do this differently and you don't want to go back to Cuomo and you want something different, then you should rank me first. You rank Michael Blake first, but then I need you to fill out the rest of the ballot because if you don't, you actually helping other cats.


Gotcha. Right? And, and, and that's, that's the key right now. And the reason why we keep Dr. Drilling this home, I made the decision on who was most aligned with me on that issue. And Why don't you like Cuomo Emini here? I I've seen you take his shots at Cuomo in his, in his past and all the things that he did with what, what's your major problem with Cuomo Emini here. 15,000 people died in COVID nursing homes 'cause of policies that he did for a book deal. You had 13 women who credibly said that he sexually assaulted him and had a toxic environment. You have a dynamic where he said shuck and jive in 2008 and made it seem like it wasn't about Barack Obama. Barack Obama was the only black candidate that was real at that, in that scenario. He, he consistently is laying out all the bad things about other people and is actually not talking through what is good right here, closed hospitals when it comes to addressing the mental health crisis.


So like, we don't need to go back to a name 'cause 'cause you recognize the name, it's now time to change the game. And so I'm saying to folks, here's the difference you have. He's saying that when I talk about public safety, I'm saying it should be a thousand mental health professionals instead of NYPD. 'cause NYPD will tell you they weren't trained on doing that. You wanna help these kids. We should have civics, financial literacy and mental health for every student before they graduate. You actually want to help people with their housing. Let's talk about what's going on with credit scores and income limits. And at the end of the day, Andrew Cuomo, who quite real talk wasn't even living in New York City for a minute, Emini here pretty much was in Westchester the whole time. Now is saying, I I should come back because he thinks he's the best option. Nah.


And I think people gotta really ask themselves, like during CVID, his policies were killing people during COVID. I was with World Central feeding people that that's what people gotta be asking themselves. You're right. Now you mentioned the police crime in new, in New York City, it seems like it's on rise, right? If if, if you've been out and about, I think last week two people got shot in Times Square, right? Emini here. That's the feel Emini here. The numbers say otherwise, but the feeling is, the feeling is Like that feeling is real. It feels, it feels horrible. Yeah. What would you do for, for crime? We had Zoran up here. He says he wouldn't necessarily defund the police, but he said he would take some finances from the police and give it to different agencies and things like that. What, what would be your, your take on that? Number One thing we have to do?


Anybody that's walking the block, whether if I'm in the Bronx at Third Avenue, 1, 4, 9, if I'm in Harlem at 1, 2, 5 in Lex, the mental health crisis is real. Correct? Yo, it's, it's, it's like a zombie land out here right now. And those cats need help. They don't need to be locked up. Right? And so what I say to everyone, my main priority for public safety, we should have a thousand mental health professionals on subways and streets to help them immediately. As opposed to the NYPD who is saying we're not trained on this. I came with that number because a thousand is essentially the number for the National Guard that's been put out there. National Guard and more police standing there is actually not fixing anything.


Right? And I wanna be clear, I got much respect for those that serve in uniform. But if someone is struggling in need, right? Help them. And they're telling you we're not trained on this. Right? So you do that then people feel safer to get on subways. They feel safer to go outside. And we gotta focus on involuntary commitment. When you know someone is clearly a threat to themselves, why would just let them be there? And so if you do that, then you can do two different things. You can have police with body cameras on. So there's actual accountability on both sides, right? And simultaneously then you can have more cops that actually walk in the street and doing precision policing in, in neighborhoods that need the help. That's what folks need right now.


And I look, I'm that cat who had, I endured police brutality twice, right? Once in high school where a cop said I wanted to deal with Clinton High School once where a cop said that they heard me yelling at them while driving the other direction. I said, okay. So we just, we just, we just looking to pick a fight right now. Right? And then when I was an assemblyman, there was a fight that was happening. We de deescalating the fight, they grabbed me and they toss me against the gate and another cop comes over and says, get off of him. Get off of him. He's the assemblyman. And I said, what would've happened if you wouldn't have recognized me? Right? Right. Even still, I'm saying you need to have police out here, but it's gotta be smarter policing.


Right? The last thing that has to happen, repeat offenders, right? There's an underlying current. If we help people make and keep more money on the front end, then we're not talking about people shoplifting on the back end, right? So if you do those steps, then you have more cops that come back on the force, actually try and do it the right way. I don't, I don't know any person that doesn't want to get home cop and community. And if we're serious about the fundamental issue around public safety, to me it, it is underlined around mental health. Well what do you say to people? Because it, in sitting here and talking to you, you explain what you mean when people, when you say defund the police and we understand that, but on face value, someone like a Cuomo, he shoots back at you guys with the fact that you say defund the police because the messaging is not interpreted the right way.


How do y'all get around that in this race? Because people hear defund the police and they don't understand what you just said to me. And I remind them that in 2020, Andrew Cuomo said out of his mouth at a press conference that defund the police is a legitimate movement. Andrew Cuomo's hoping folks have amnesia. So I'm gonna help remind him that Obamacare can help him with that. He gets real confused about things. So when we talk through it, there is no one out here saying eliminate the police department. Right? When they're using the phrase, it's about how do you change the funding that's happening to focus on preventative measures, violence, interruption work, you know, life camp save our streets until freedom with Tamika Emini here you got so many dope groups that are doing that work.


That's what people are really trying to say. And at the end of the day, what we're talking through is everybody wants to be safe, right? So we can keep talking about this random one-liners or how do you actually fix this? You know, you know, my my my thing has always been when we talk about budgets, right? Yeah. And people say defund the police or take money from the police. But I, I always feel like we find money for so many different things, for Everything that we want. If we wanna start a, a agency where we have more mental health professionals on the street, why don't we pay for it a thousand percent? I just seen somebody spend 45 to $48 million on a parade that only had five people out there a thousand percent. So if, if we can find all that. And even with congestion pricing, right? Yeah. What are your thoughts on congestion pricing?


Yeah, Congestion, the intent congestion pricing is the right intent because at the end of the day, it was to reduce traffic and improve the environment. The implementation was clunky, right? They didn't do that. Right. But at the end of the day, when we think about from a budget perspective, a budget shows someone's values. There's no way we can say in $115 billion budget, we can't find what we gotta pay for. And so when I'm talking through yes, you can have that $1.4 billion of excessive overtime at NYPD and put that towards the kids, yes you can actually reclaim back the $2 billion of unclaimed fees and finest and actually help the community. We can do these things. And the reason why it's not happening is 'cause of lack of leadership into the earlier question about Eric Adams, we gotta ask ourselves for four years, what was he doing on this?


That's why we're all running 'cause it's not working. And so when I talk through, how do you make sure that you help nonprofits get funding upfront so they're not waiting for reimbursements on the back end. What are you doing to make sure that our immigrants are being protected? 'cause yes, we gonna stay as a sanctuary city 'cause that's the right thing to do. Yes. We gonna put safe havens on our schools because we gonna ban ice from coming on in. You have to put that kind of money in place to actually help people because to the underlying piece, you got Trump and you gotta worry about Medicaid cuts and Medicare cuts and all these things that are happening. And that's why when people are saying to me, alright Michael, Blake, why you I'm seeing these other names. There's a lot of people out here. Why you, you gotta ask yourself January 1st, next year, who is best prepared to make sure we can actually battle against Trump, help our city, but also keep our focus on what we doing around affordability, people of color.


Now You, you, you talk about congestion pricing and you, and you said it's, it's a great idea, right? But but executed horribly. Yeah. My question to you is, is I feel like we go for the money before we, we care about people's feelings. Right? That's awesome. People are scared to take the train. Right? They're scared to take the bus. And you even said that, it seems like sometimes it's wild, wild west out there, right? Yeah. So you're forcing me to take the train and the bus when I have to because I can't afford congestion pricing. But you, you, you, you're forcing me to get on the trains with, with sometimes mentally ill people and, and and fighting for myself. Yeah. But then also you're forcing me for a lot of these mom and pop businesses to close down because people can't afford to drive in anymore for a, a nice lunch. They can't afford to come in and and conduct business in my spot anymore. Yeah. So why do we do the congestion prices where it affects people and hurts people before we make sure that the ordinary people Yeah.


Are the ones taken care of and are okay? Oh look, well, when I'm on the train, that might be the only time I can listen to my music. So sometimes that's like that, that that getaway you have right there. But like when we talk about what we have to do here way too often are not thinking through the integration of life, right? It goes back to COVID. People would say, I want for everybody to be able to figure things out during COVID and, and have social distancing. Well, how does someone have social distancing when they have seven people living in their crib? Right? Like, some of these things don't make sense. Hey, I want for these kids to be able to figure out remote learning, but they don't have a tablet and don't have wifi. Right? So to that same vibe we talk through around congestion, pricing, these other policies, I'm trying to reverse engineer and say, let's think about how does it impact people, right?


How do we think through that? If I'm making that turn on 60th, but there's no real ways to turn off before that. You're effectively forcing people to go into that zone and taxing them. That doesn't make sense. That doesn't seem right. I think there should be an exemption on people that live in these zones. And I think there should be an exemption on people that are public servants. Right? I agree. That just makes sense to me. Right? If someone is coming in and they're like, yo, I'm driving into the zone because I want to go to a show. I want to get a meal, then that's the, that's their choice, right? But for the cats that are like, I'm just trying to get by, that doesn't make sense at all. And a lot of the argument has been, well we're making so much money from congestion pricing, so that makes it worthwhile. No. If people are struggling still. Right?


And so to me, I'm re-imagining what this city can look like and trying to show people that you have a different option out here. And that if you actually wanna show people yes, we can't have an affordable city where we don't lose who we are as black and brown folk, then you have an option. And that's me. How can you eliminate credit scores for apartments and home ownership? Right? Yeah. Sounds amazing. Yeah. But I think you And I both know that anytime you go to fill out a loan, whether it's a a housing loan, a bank loan, an apartment loan, the number one thing they check is credit score. Yeah. Number.


Who Loves getting a great deal? Everybody. Right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They are always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything the countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime day, July 8th to the 11th.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks Suits. Available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like it's your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features two


Is is probably your, if you actually have a job. Yeah. And and your pay stub. And Sometimes for good reasoning too, just to see kind of like what your payment history is like and all of that stuff. Like as a, like I get Yeah, you answer the question first and then I'll come back because I'm thinking about it out loud. Go ahead. Credit scores is a recent thing that started in 1989. This is not something that was like back in the day. We had many ways to assess how someone was able to pay their rent and their mortgage. The notion that a credit score, which could be impacted 'cause you missed a phone bill, a credit card bill 20 years ago is more important than are you paying your rent consistently. Oh, I agree with you. It doesn't make any lot of sense.


You could have one bad month And then it as an Entrepr entrepreneur and it's a wrap. Anything, one bad month, it's wrap. Somebody steals your I anything happened one bad month and your credit's down in a drain. And I think that sucks. It's destroys. Yes. And and the reality is, I'm gonna actually go back to one of your earlier questions. This is one of the things that Eric has done well that needs to be expanded upon. We're not assessing these credit scores on some of these HPD units right now in New York City. Mm. So it's not an argument that we can't do it, it's a choice. So, you know, transparently, I'm on the board of ready life, which is where, this is why I learned about it chaired by, you know, Dr. Bernice King led by Ashley Bell, where it was like, okay, let's use some common sense. What is the best way to determine if you can pay your rent on mortgage on time?


Have you paid your rent mortgage on time? That's more important than did I do something on this? So to me, if we actually want to help more people have a chance, eliminate that completely across the board and then assess, okay, how do I help you? But then the second pieces you have to do, we gotta increase the income limits on these housing applications. 'cause what's happening right now is you either have to be really rich or poor enough to get access to a home and then people getting boxed out. The reason why so many people are leaving the city 'cause housing and childcare. So to me, if there's anything that someone's trying to think through, what is the main policy I wanna make happen and credit scores when it comes to housing applications, expand that out. You do that, which we know we can do.


'cause the city is doing it to a limited degree, increase the income limits, do that, and then have a local median income that out the gate changes the game. And each of those three are happening in other places. The only reason why we're not doing it right now is lack of leadership. And if you're asking someone, yo, right now I'm struggling to pay these bills. I'm trying to figure out how to make this all happen, but my life is gonna be impacted by something I forgot to pay 20 years ago. That's crazy. Or it could be something as small as, Hey, my mother got sick And I had to use my money for rent To, to help to help somebody. I'll catch up next month. A thousand percent. Like, like happens all the time.


All the time. Like, you know what, hey landlord, yo, I don't, I I don't have you on the first, I got you a little bit later because I do X, Y, and Z. And the other thing about credit scores that people think through is like, you have different agencies creating different numbers. So again, that's just not fair in how this all works. And And I wanna show people, if we're serious about having housing, which I do think we gotta build about 600,000 units at least. Current numbers say it's about five 40 just to hit the current supply demand. But for you to build the housing, you then gotta make sure people that actually could afford it when they get there. That was gonna be my question to you. And that's why I said for sometimes good reasoning, only because I'm thinking like, all right, So you Say we'll make it where these people can't afford it.


We'll give them better like money, better income. Yeah. Right. So then they're able to pay their bills and the credit raises and then we'll have better more housing for them. But a lot of times it feels like politicians will say things like that, but you can't do everything at once. So maybe you create more jobs for people with better pay rate, but then that middle point where they can't get, they, they not, they're not making enough money for certain places, but they're not broke enough to get into, or the income isn't low enough to get into other places. You're broke enough. You, you stay there. I Feel you. Yeah. Okay. So you get what I'm saying? Like you're in this place where it's like, I might be making more money, but I still don't qualify for these margins of like Yeah. Three or five times the rent. So I'm still struggling. Yeah. So it's kind of like, as a landlord, you're looking at it like, well, I just gotta do the best I can do by determining who I can let in here.


So it's, it's like we always caught in this like circle of things. How do you know for a fact that you can do both at the same time if you get in office? Well, first I'm Jamaican, so I'm used to three jobs. So, so we, we regularly make it happen. Second, I'm not a normal politician. I've actually made things happen. I run small businesses right now. I helped get Barack Obama elected. I served in the White House. I saw how to make these things done, get these things done. And when I was in the assembly every single year, And I'm, I'm gonna come back to the housing piece, but I, I think context is the point. Every single year we did something major that they said couldn't get done. My brothers keep a program. No other state in the country has that. They're black and brown boys right now going to school and graduating from school.


That did not happen Fun that we made that happen. Prompt pay bills so that businesses get paid in 15 days instead of 30 days. Bipartisan bill. They said they couldn't make that happen. Raise the age. Khali Broder was our constituent. New York and North Carolina were last two states for 16, 17 year olds to be tried as adults. Mm. We changed that when they said that couldn't happen. So to the question of how we know right now that there are easy fixes that will help people be able to stay in their homes and for all the black folk, brown folk, low income folk who are leaving New York City, right? Because of housing, fundamentally raising the income limits on these applications, which would be a huge help for our seniors as well.


Huge help for those that are disabled as well. So that it is actually proportional to your neighborhood. Then you actually give someone a chance. But while the thing is, And I actually, I'm going back and forth on the, the Eric, good, bad, right? We voted on true cost of living. So we can actually understand what are the costs by your neighborhood. He hasn't implemented it. The reason why that's important is that you can understand not just housing costs, but groceries, you know, transportation education. Because if you know all of that, then what we put in these applications is proportional to that number. What's going on in the South Bronx is not the same as South Shore Staten Island. What's going on in central Brooklyn is not the same as southeast queens.


What's going on in East Harlem is not the same thing on what's going on upper West Side. And so we should base it upon that. And to do that, you need someone who's actually talking about it. Right? And, and, and I'm the only one that's talking about that in that very real way and talking through how you make this happen. These are policy changes through legislation. This is administration changes through, through leadership. And then this is funding changes in the budget. Full stop. What's Your relationship with President Barack Obama now? Oh, how's Your relationship? Still, still my dude. You know, he, he, he's man consistently being a blessing to me. What's been his advice when he knows that you're running for, for this? 'cause he, he's faced some of the things that you're facing now. Oh yeah. That he was far behind at one time.


Yeah. So what, so what is his opinion to you? Be very clear about why you're running and giving people choice in contrast. Right? You know that you can't just talk through big ideas. You gotta make it clear to folks that there's a difference. Right? When we were in Iowa, man, thinking about this here, when we were in Iowa, there was a point where he was down like 30. He flew in, got everybody together, and he told this story about how he was at the St. Patrick's Day parade running for US Senate. And he was the last entering the parade. And so what that meant was that everybody was saying Barack Hussain, Osama saying wild things.


And you know, they were a little drunk. So people saying wild things year later, Saint Parade, he was the Grand Marshall. And he was like, if you put in that work and you make a clear round choice in contrast, then people will remember. And I always took that and he stays with that. It's like when people voted for him, he said, I'm gonna end the war. I'm gonna get you healthcare. Make it real clear on your big ideas. Then everyone's can rock from that. And that's why I'm being consistent. In the same way when I talk through credit scores, we talk through a thousand mental health professionals. We talk through civics. Because when you have so many people in the race, if you don't give people that clear choice, then the easy thing is just pick a name you've seen before.


Right? And he stays with me. Emini here, the, the screensaver that I have is when we brought him to the Bronx, we launched my brother's keeper lines in the Bronx. And he, he would joke with me, he was trying to gimme a shout out. I was trying to be cool. He's said, yo, the president says your name. Stand up, get TV time. He still is in that same zone of follow the vision, make it clear, but make it clear about choice and contrast. And he is also shown us and telling me like, be that messenger. You know, I don know if we, we brought the signs, but it was like there was a time when we were in the White House for a legislative event. Dap him up, he's about to walk by and he tells people like, we would not be here without Michael Blake.


And I'm forever grateful for what he did for me. And I'm gonna take that same kind of energy. He's also Emini here. Everybody likes to criticize Obama too, at the same time. Who's, who's everybody there? There are people that criticize Obama. Emini here. Selma. Yeah. There, there, there's a lot of people that criticize Obama, but Emini here, not me personally, but I'm saying that we hear the criticism. I feel you. So I'm asking you, is there things that he says, you know, just as a mentor almost. Yeah. That I would advise you not like something he learned that he would advise you to approach differently or not to do while on your run. Emini here, look at, at the end of the day, you, you have to stay true to the numbers and how you organize. Right? And it's, it's easy to get distracted by noise and that can take you off your plan.


And, and, and that kind of, to your point, you gonna hear a lot of folks who are just like, yo, yo, why are you doing this? Right? Why are you doing this? Two, three weeks ago I had people saying, why, why, why are you even out here doing these things? And then by the end of that night and the next day, pretty much every publication said, I won the debate. Oh, When you came in Cuomo. Right? So it's like, you, you gotta stay locked in even in the midst of the noise. A lot of times with politicians, I feel like they don't speak straight to things, especially like Democrats. But so I learned about you or found out who you were or I guess maybe started paying attention more when the Cuomo thing happened.


Because I liked even though, not to be messy, but I just like you were, you said what you meant, you said to him, the people who don't feel safe are young women, mothers and grandmothers around Andrew Cuomo. Right. And you said that straight shoot, straight shooter. Yeah. Do you plan to still be that way as a mayor? 'cause a lot of times once people are elected, they have to like step back and filter what they say and, Nah, I, I'm, this is who I am all day every day. Right. Whether it be in the family, you know, whether it be on the block, you know, you, you can't grow up on Crescent and Burnside and then go back on these kind of things. And I would say that whether it be on a debate or if I'm just talking to people at the restaurant, And I think one of the reasons why we've been successful in office is that people see that I'm consistent in what I'm doing.


That's what folks can't stand about politics right now. They feel like, yo, y'all, to your point, you Just say something and you just kinda keep it moving. Yeah. And, and you're not, you're not real about that. And it is easier to be consistent in who you are than try to move around and shift by neighborhood. That's just not how I get down. And that's why I say to people, give, give me the chance right now. We, you know, I tell folks number two in most of these polls, if it's not Zoran is undecided. Right? You got a lot of times don't make a decision. And it feels like a lot of people are still trying to understand, well who can I rock with, right? Right. In this moment, and I'm trying to show you, you got a choice. Should Undocumented immigrants be allowed to vote in local New York City elections?


Potentially for municipal ones itself? We gotta figure out how this all gets incorporated collectively itself, right? To that degree. Because there's, there's a, it's a fascinating piece, right? Because a green card holder is able to contribute to campaigns, right? In New York City. So it's just like, we gotta figure out a way to make a equal balance across the board. Should Riker Li, should Rikers Island be closed, a thousand percent Reformed has to be closed. Why? It's an inhumane place. It's the second largest mental health facility in the country. Only LA County being larger. You've gotta find more ways. And most people there haven't even been convicted. They just waiting.


Right? And so if we actually reduce the population so that more people can actually be closer to their homes while they're waiting and you can actually help the people who have the mental health concerns, then you can take the real steps of getting into the space where you can build borough based jails, which is what we actually need. Borough based jails makes much more sense than just sending people out to, right? 'cause you sit there. Okay, well get out there and vote for the last thing. Tell people why they should vote for Michael Blake. Michael Blake is the only candidate saying the truth around ending credit scores for housing applications. Michael Blake's the only one that is out here saying that we need a thousand mental health professionals instead of NYPD. Michael Blake's the only one that's saying civic financial literacy and mental health for these kids.


I'm the only one that was that truth teller on that stage. Not afraid of Trump. Not afraid of Cuomo, not afraid of any of the noise. If you want someone who has the ability to change the game at all levels and you want the handsome Jamaican who actually comes from the Bronx right now, right? Who can talk about hip hop and talk about housing at the same time, I want to be your first choice. And, and if I'm not your first choice, I want to be your second choice. But most importantly, I want to be on your ballot. That's why Michael Blake should be your mayor. Alright, well there you have it ladies and gentlemen. Michael Blake, do your research and if they want to and donate to your campaign, how can they do though? Oh man. Much love on that. Go to the website, Blake, FOR nyc.com Blake for nyc.com.


You can sign up to donate. You can sign up to volunteer. We have offices all across the city, our headquarters in the Bronx at one B Bruckner Boulevard. But we have satellite offices on five boroughs. And just again, remind and remember, everybody fill out the ballot. Don't just rank me first. Fill out all five spots of your five choices that makes it a point that your candidate is gonna win. Lemme Tell 'em don't message your donation money. 'cause you'll file a lawsuit. Yo, lemme tell you something. I I'm sh man, people play games. Play games, and you know, and find out. You find out. There you have it. Play Super Games Win Supervisor. That's Right. That was Percent, that's Michael Blake, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, good luck. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The Breakfast Club.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At And t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.