
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Cam With Galaxy ai, you can get it on them When you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition, it's a deal. So good you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offered 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply C att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go for nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy we are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren Oz is filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. We got Trey the Truth. Welcome back. Trey. What up Bro? What Up man? How you feeling man? How you doing brother? Life been life. I know, I know. You got a lot going on. You, you wanna start with the BS or you wanna start with the the positive first? Sound Sound heavy. I don't wanna talk about negative. Negative I need, I need the energy from y'all all You know man, I don't even know what this is. Is this it? The candle spiritual. Oh he Want the Poly. I need some Polys. Got the poly set his own, set the mood every morning I got Polyon.


Trey needs some poly, like the Poly. What is that? It's supposed to be like good energy vibes, good energy, but with him lighting it, you have a 50 50 chance that You know Charlamagne's Like because He, it depends on what, what was looming over him at the time. So how you feeling Brother album out right now? Albums doing well. Yeah. Yeah. Crowd control. Crowd control. Yeah, it's just You know. I'm always trying to add to the catalog and Level Up You know and the Little Homie Moxie pumped me up to do a a turn up festival song and it ended up turned out to be a whole album. So you Just put out, you just put out Stuck in Motion last year though? Yeah. Yeah. But I, I, crazy thing is I, I'm still kind at a a standstill. I got three more I'm supposed to put out this year.


I don't know how. Wow. Yeah. Wow. But they all different vibes though. You know 'cause I have the turn up, which is Crowd Control. I got a album called him, which is another kind of turn up. But most Street Dark Angels, just all the pain and everything I'm going through, I think that a lot of people probably can use right now to know the thing. The only ones going through it. And then live from Mars. The homie Mars from LA who do a lot of real production, You know play all the instruments Absolutely on tour for everybody. It's a whole album with just live instruments and stuff. So How you doing all these albums, Trey and you put your cape on, you're saving people, you're cutting down trees, you're driving through hurricanes, but then you still got time to do Trade Day to do an album and everything else you're doing.


Where, where are you finding the time to do all this? Do you ever just stop and take a a break and just rest and relax? You know y'all the only ones who ask me and You know I still ain't took a break. And I do the music. I just get out my bed and walk next door to the studio. So I just, I was sitting there 24 7 man. But yeah, I don't know man. The break just, it still ain't hit me. You know a lot of people with your catalog don't like put like they're not putting out, you said you got three more projects before the end of the year that are supposed to come. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What is the motivation there? Because at this point you could kind of just You know do all your community stuff and just kind of, And it'd be like thankfully Hurricane season was kind of light man. Yeah. Was it light? It didn't a a lot of People, a lot Of people it ain't over.


It seem like it was light. It it wasn't, it wasn't, it was light but it wasn't light. Like it could have been way for what we expected. We thought it was gonna be way worse and it didn't. And then You know Hurricane Bur You know it did it damage but it wasn't a Harvey. So we blessed You know and maybe I'm speaking too soon, I don't even wanna talk that. Yeah, we don't want That. Yeah. Do you get, do you feel like the way that that hurricanes and, and the weather affects Houston so bad is so crazy? Do you feel like they should have been fixed the problems like the flood, like it seems like every year we have the same problems with Houston with the flooding and it is and electric and it is, it feels like they should have figured out how to prepare or fix or stop You know at this point point they have Some more resources for people.


Yeah. Yeah. I think honestly, I mean one thing for sure that we don't have is the proper drainage system. 'cause it can rain for a matter of an hour and certain areas get flooded so clearly that gotta be a problem You know. And speaking of that, it's so crazy. I I, I teamed up with these people out of Australia. I'm part of the company now, it's called Crisis Flood Bags. And what I'm trying to do right now, I'm trying to, I've been meeting with different people but I'm trying to get FEMA insurance companies or the government to get it the bag. I could take one bag and fill up everything including this, this and one bag out of a room.


It can do living rooms, bedrooms and once the bag is zipped, it can stay under water for two weeks. Oh wow. So you gotta think, even though you're not able, you, I mean the home can be damaged, You know 'cause you can't stop the flooding but stuff that mean the most to you, priceless stuff and important stuff or be protected and then you gotta think, man, during Harvey they, they said it was big to clean up just the trash that was sitting outside on the curb. So if I could prevent that You know that's, that's changing a whole bunch of lives. But the goal is get one of these agencies like FEMA or insurance companies to get it. You know if they get enough of 'em, then for the people who can't afford 'em, I can go get 'em out for free.


You know. So I'm always trying to just be proactive You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Yeah. Why'd you need album crowd control? 'cause it's a festival vibe. You gotta be able to control the crowd. Gotcha. Whenever you touch that stage, You know. I I wanted to ask you a trick 'cause we had my man sauce walker up here a a a couple of weeks ago and he was just talking about cultural appropriation versus cultural appreciation and he said he feels like an artist like Dre who is in the city so much should do more for the city as far as working with Houston artists. And, I. Wonder what your thoughts was On that. I think everybody, in all honesty, it all depends on what point of view You look at it. And, I think as grown men, we all entitled to our point of views.


As far as me, I can only speak for myself. You know I haven't, I really ain't in tune with what you're talking about. And me and him ain't had a conversation to see his aspect. 'cause one thing I've learned in, in all things is a lot of people can say stuff and mean stuff, but how I come across on the internet or how I come across as pushed out can be some totally opposite. So You know, I think until me and him hold a conversation. And now you said I probably have to go look back man. I really, I've been off the internet man dealing with life lately, man. Like I, I had to make myself push this album You. Know what I'm saying? That's stuff that I You know. I I legally, I can't even just talk about right now.


But it's just You know life in my life and man. But what I will say for, for Houston as a whole though, I'm very proud. You gotta think man. One, we already had the biggest stars, which it's undeniable. You had, you got your Beyonces, you got your Travis, you got your migs, you got your Yolanda Adams even down to one of the biggest stars that we all grew up on. Felicia Rasha You know you have people from Houston, but now you have so many You know from the street aspect you have the rejects from the, the generations after us. You have the, the sauce walkers. The little Jeremy's You know the, the Fast Lanes and You know just, it it, it is so many different aspects.


And then you have a bunch of females coming outta Houston and coming outta Texas. That's raw. Me personally, my mind right now that that I highlight definitely be the rejects, which is you got big Tony, Cal, Wayne, Jack, boy Fast Money, 30 Ways, skeet, Millie Bucks LaRay. I mean it's a lot of people and it'd be hard to shed light on names 'cause then you forget people and then you like damn. But I think right now as a whole, I think people should definitely pay attention to what we got going on in Houston. And then in the game. People don't really realize what we give to the culture.


When you go to think of Double Cups, you go to think of grills, you go to think of cars, you go to think of speaking of Envy You know he ain't gonna think the cars the best ever Houston. It is. But now even when you go to think of Trap Soul, that's all a form of what Screw used to do You. know what I'm saying? You gotta think who don't love Trap Soul right now from Bryon until like, so I think everybody takes a part of Houston as a whole. And now shit we the biggest goddamn party city right now. And. I was gonna say that You know it was New York for a while, then it went to Atlanta. Yeah. But now everybody's going to Houston. How does that affect the city? Or, or or are people respecting the city or, or 'cause at one time they were effing Atlanta up during Covid.


I mean there was so much going on. They cleaned it up a lot. But how was it, how was it affected Houston? I think it's a good thing man. I think it's a good thing for the economy because it brings business You know people now when they do they, what do you call it? Like they, they trips with they homies or they friends. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We can trips they all going. Yeah, going To Houston. The fellas drive out and headed to Houston. Yeah. Yeah. So and then other than that you have people like us who are on the front line. We ain't just letting nobody come through there and tell the town up. That part we ain't gonna do. But I think everything for us is, is on the up and up You know everybody have they they spans. You have different things, whether it may be music, sports or whatever.


Florida you have that on the west coast. You have it in New York and now even down to the Rockets, down to the Texans, down to the rugby team. People don't even know we got a rugby team. We had our rugby team was number two last year. You know. So we got a whole bunch of different things just as a whole with Houston. And outside of that I'm frontline for it. So everything I represent everybody who except me is, except in Houston right now. When you talk about life be life, right? How do You know that you just ain't doing things to stay away from having to deal with all of that Trey like putting out the music You know frontline and all of the time when there's a a catastrophe in the city, how do You know you just ain't running from dealing with your own stuff?


What do you mean? As far as me running from my own problems that I may, let's see this you with this therapy shit You know because You just said, you said you had to go, you said you had To push through to even put the music out. It feels like you kind of are d doing Deflected. I can laugh and joke about it only because it, this still my brother, but I know the angle he's going, I don't know. I can't say I'm running. I can't say I'm running 'cause I, I deal with my problems head on. I think a lot of pe what I learned recently, so I did for Tray, I did my first men's mental health panel. You know just for people to get up there and just express they self with what they going through. And man a lot of us deal with a lot of trauma that we probably didn't absolutely, we didn't realize You know.


And I don't think I'm running. I think honestly for me, I I'm not comfortable unless I stay active. Mm. If I sit still one, I get to overthinking two. I just feel like stuff just coming to a halt. So I have to just stay active. And even if it's a thousand pounds of pressure, I'm more comfortable getting out of that than just doing nothing. And I could be running from talking. I don't know. I mean until that one therapist sit me down and say this what this is then never know. Did you ever find one? I talked to some people through you. Okay. Okay. Now have I actually went in that room and sat down.


I haven't did that but, but we have long phone conversations and now You know not to get too much into it. Now I, I got primary custody of my daughter, so I just introduced, just introduced her to a therapist. So You know. It's just, it's, it's a lot of different things that I gotta You know. I'm How old is your daughter still your oldest? Six. She's six. She's six? Yeah. So how was her talking to a therapist? You know the crazy thing man. The, the time that that that I've allowed her to, to go. 'cause really I, I'm still, I wanna find the perfect one. I don't, I don't necessarily know if the person I take her to is the one she should stick with. But I allow her to do her own thing.


I, I You know I get out the way and she can have her own conversation and then You know I learn about it afterwards. But I think everything works again. Why was it important for you to You know? 'cause a lot of parents would say, I don't know if I wanna put my child into therapy. Why do you think it was important to put her into therapy? Because it's, it's a good conversation for, for parents to You know. Why why do you think it was like You know? I think this is something that'll benefit her especially 'cause you haven't done it. That's one reason. 'cause I know I should, but then you gotta think transitioning from one home to the next. I don't, this is new to me. So I don't know how long that process take. I don't know if that process is gonna take a week, two weeks.


Gotcha. I don't know if it's gonna take years, months. So the only thing I can do is do my best to support her You know because at the same time I have to let her know how much she love. I have to let her know, even though she may be frustrated because You know they kids, they have friends, they have things that they used to and now it's a new transition. So I have to just, I think God teaching me patience in this situation too because at times she may just sit and cry or may say she want her mama. Like I have to still be over loving to her to let her know, like regardless of what it is, like I'm here, we gonna, we gonna figure it out. I mean if we both got herself here and keep bumping our head, so be it.


But we gonna figure it out and your your pops gonna be with you to the end. A lot of us watched you in that like fight with your daughter like trying to figure out the custody thing or whatever. How does it feel now to be able to, like you said, like you're doing things like putting her in therapy, working things out together. Like you don't have to fight anymore, you can just be dad Now how does that feel? I'm not gonna necessarily say I don't have to fight no more, but what I will say is it's a process. You know the crazy thing You find things that like that we be proud of that we accomplished and out all the big stuff I did in life You know in the happiest moments was to enroll her in school. You see what I'm saying? Like stuff like that.


She got me out there watching her do cheerleading. So You know that. Be weird. Don't watch the word. I'm A chin daddy look, it'd be weird 'cause everybody's staying like man that's Trey. But I'm just out here trying to pump Up. Do you be Yelling in the cheer competition? I can't imagine you yelling. Nah, nah, nah. Come on now, Trey. I mean, I'm telling you I clap at the end. I'm a cheer dad. I done seen Bun Bunny Bunny. I think Bun Granddaughter is a cheerleader. I love this bunny when I see bunny queen at the events all, all the time. I love this for you though. I know, especially because knowing what you went through and like You, know what I mean? Like I, I can only imagine like the enrolling the first day of school. Like what was that like? Y'all wake up early you go. Yeah, the enrolling.


So her school starts on the third. She haven't even started yet. Okay. So I don't know what start school year gonna be hers? No, she in private so okay. Yeah, she'll, she'll start in on the third. So You know, wait to see how that goes. But ideally, man, You know it's just a blessing man. And, I think the everything I experienced with her and everything that I'm learning is making me a, a, a better me. Because you gotta also think, man, if when I'm out moving in the streets times that I could get in a situation, I'm double thinking it for my kids more as opposed to just moving off emotion. And I. And even speaking of emotion, I had a conversation with somebody being raised in the streets.


You would think when people, the way we, we came up, somebody say something to you, you have to check that shit. That's just what it is, right? Point blank period. I'm going all out about that. And I didn't realize bro, honestly I was learning opposite. The strength is being able to dictate when you move off emotion You know, I mean dictate when you move because we so used to moving off emotion. That's why I'm instilling a lot of little homies like, hey, just before you jump the crash out, at times I did the same thing. Like you gotta dictate when you move 'cause moving off emotion, it feel good for that moment You know what I'm saying? And then you ever see situations people like, damn bro, I probably just wasted a whole bunch of time I shouldn't even did that shit.


So right now I'm at a point of really teaching people You know like, nah bro, we ain't moving off emotion. Now at the end of the day, don't let nobody disrespect you, protect you, your family, everything you gotta do and go all out behind it. But as far as just, just say I'm I'm walking in the hall, somebody bumped me now younger me would, bro, what the fuck you doing this one? Like, I like you got it, I'm, I'm gonna let you now, now a nigga do that and he go to getting disrespectful than he get what he deserve. But for the most part it's like man, sometimes like some of that shit just don't be worth it bro. When you Adopt this mentality, Tre, in the past six months, I'm, he Got he I'm baby girl at home. Yeah, I mean I'm, I'm learning and I'm still a work in progress myself.


And again, it's hard because again, I deal with everything head up. So this is a new challenge for me to not really move off everything man. I used to be to the point you say something slick on the internet, I'm trying to find IP address, I need to know where you at. Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying? So now it's like sometimes I have to look at stuff and just laugh it off and it don't be easy You know what I'm saying? And and I'm sure you can attest to as NB just the shit that, that how people don't really even know truths about situations and people can form opinions and it's like sometimes you just, you gotta be able to not be bothered.


I think that's gonna be my, my biggest, once I conquer not being bothered, I think I, I'm completing what I'm supposed to do. 'cause I feel like God probably got me something real big coming for me and he just like, yeah it's still, and I'm letting You know it's still, but I got a feeling you still might fuck up. So yeah, I'm finna run you through the ring until I know it's all outta you and you gonna move. Right. You know. Do you regret any of your, your your former crash outs? That's a man, that's a good question. I'm speaking about one Specifically. I know you do. Yes, I know you do. And and middle finger to you for doing that shit right now. I'm just asking. But I think man, so it's a double-edged sword.


I think everything that I went through in life, good or bad mold molds my character. It builds me because we have to learn from experiences You know And I. Think on that part. I don't regret becoming who I am. I don't regret learning what I learned or, or some of the brick walls I hit. Now on the flip side of that, yeah, do I feel like man, You know what some shit just ain't worth it or wasn't worth it. Yeah, I definitely feel like that. And lastly to that, man, it's just, it's a frustrating situation when nobody really knows in that particular situation what really went on.


Yeah. Yeah. One, I don't really talk You know I don't talk, I don't do interviews or shit like that. So I leave the room open for everybody to come up with their own there, come up with their own opinion. 'cause I be feeling like fuck I need to explain it for it is what it is. You know what I'm saying? But that becomes the frustrating part because then all in the end, if and when people, if I ever decide to just speak or, or go a certain route and people be like, well damn, I I had this shit mixed up the whole time for me it's too late at that point. But the other reason why I don't really like in any situation I go in, I don't break my neck to go try and control the narrative because it's a blessing when you get to see how people really feel about you.


Yeah man. Yeah. And I was gonna say that when I tell you I, when I seen how motherfucker start showing how they real. Yeah, for me it is two things of mind. One is you been a hater and you been feeling this way. You just wasn't man or woman enough to say what the fuck you you waited to a situation happened for you to be like, oh yeah man You know what this was. You don't really care about that situation. This how you've been feeling. You just didn't about you. Yeah, yeah. You just didn't wanna be exposed for being a hater You. know what I'm saying? So You know all these situations.


Hey, hey gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app, use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk ng.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


I think in every lesson that I I deal with it's a blessing, but some of that. But how do you move on now? Because You know Houston's a big place but a small place, right? Everybody intertwines with everybody. So how do you move on? Because it's so Small. I deal with who deal with me and those who deal with me man that You know regardless if I talk every day or not, they know if they hit me, they can always depend on me. Vice versa. You know because a real friend and a real family, a real homie is going to be the one that that'll be there supporting you even if it's you against The. World and and those people. You have to value things like that You. know what I'm saying? Because you have people, I could sit in your face and be like, oh yeah man, it's this and that.


And behind your back be like, yeah man, fuck him or, or whatever happened to him happened. A real one is behind closed doors or in front like nah, this I'm, you need anything, let me know. Because what I don't like in life is watching people cheer, lead and parade to tear somebody down You know what I'm saying? Like I don't fuck with that like that. I feel like when you get the, what you call the me too crowds, And I don't know if I'm using it right in that sense. But when I don't like him, well I don't either. So that's just all pile up and just You know like I don't fuck, I don't respect that You know. Like I'd rather you be, oh man, If you felt some way, let let that be known.


Well not me too. Like the cancel culture you mean? Yeah, well well I guess so I, that's why I say 'cause I didn't know if that was the way to use it, but yeah, Thing because it's interesting, right? Like and and from the outside looking in when when the situation went down, would you, would you and zero it felt like people were taking sides. And I was like, and me, I'm like, damn, people don't like Trey like that. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was the first time I felt like that too. But yeah, I was like Trey. But I think it's because people felt like we didn't expect to see you that way. 'cause everybody else, like now you're like, you're, you're almost like a kind of like a superhero on Houston You. know what I mean? You do so much good for people. So I think that's what it was. But did that hurt you? Like when you did see people picking those other sides? Like did it hurt you? I know you said you learned from it, but like I think physically and mentally I'm still me.


I'm, I'm I the frustration of it is like, 'cause you, I'm talking about people you, you deal with on the regular, the thing is internet is a motherfucker, right? So you have some people that really don't feel a certain way, but they just don't wanna be in the, the midst of the, the controversy or seem like they could be on the, the bad side of the stick. So they'll switch up. And for me it's, it's something that, that you need to see You know what I'm saying? Like it was a lot of, a lot of people that was close that that let me down. And it was a lot of people that I didn't expect that didn't let me down that that stood with me.


You know. And even to this day, right? It's like people don't understand like I don't have no hate pertaining to him You know what I'm saying? Even when, when people go to do thing, man, do what y'all gonna do. Like You know. 'cause at the end of the day, you gotta realize I've always been my own man. When I got banned from radio, bro, I was left to, I was left on the island by myself before. So I'm built for it You know what I'm saying? Now who's to say you wanna go through that process all over again? It is what it is. But for me to be able to see how people really felt that gimme fuel to the fire You. know what I'm saying? That gimme me. Oh that's how y'all, how y'all got me fucked up now If you mad, I'm gonna make you, I'm gonna make you way more mad than that.


You know and it just is what it is. But again, you gotta appreciate the people that that step in for you. Like when you go to look at trade as, or you go to look at different stuff, I got, there's people no matter how much I may not, I may feel like everybody against me. I have to realize everybody ain't against me. You know just, It Can look one way and it could be something totally opposite because I get support from my real, my real peers, my real homies, my real family. Like they there, they rocking people in town and out of town. 'cause the way y'all see things, everybody else see things too. And a lot of people just still like, yeah that ain't no solid shit just for everybody to, to turn on him.


And one thing you gotta know in every situation is three sides to the story. And in every video you see it's a start to the video. You can I, that's why when I see different things on, on, on internet, you never jump to go off opinion. When you just see a piece, you can just see a piece of me and you right now I may shove you into that, that they may see, they may not have seen you through this milk on me then Yeah. Told me suck your you, you see what I'm saying? Lord Mercy disrespectful. Like you do something like that, people don't and they just going off what they see man. And that's why a lot of times people be dead wrong in situations because they jumped to form an opinion and they don't really know.


But for me, even though I could have probably cleared up a lot, I feel like for what man, if If you fuck with me, you gonna fuck with me regardless. That's right because we all, we all do things, we all make mistakes. We all run into brick walls. We all may do things people don't like You know what I'm saying? But at the end of the day, If, you really don't rock with me. I I do need to know that 'cause feeling like I am the person that everybody love. That may be, that may make me too comfortable and then really it's probably holding me back 'cause God probably ain't gonna let me step to the next level 'cause shit certain people ain't supposed to be around when I get up though. Do you hold grudges 'cause you a cancer like me? Do you, do you I definitely do but You know my biggest thing, right?


I feel like because I pray every night at midnight, I feel like when I ask the man of above for forgiveness, I can't do that without me letting go. Mm. And that's why even speaking on this situation, this is probably one of the first times I even speak on, it's like I don't have no hate for him. And, I tell people all the time, man, go support the music. Do whatever you going do. Because what people fail to realize that was something internal You know what I'm saying? That was something it's y'all family, right? That was something we had going on You know what I'm saying? But again, just the way that everybody spent the narrative was the applauses. It just like at that point, man, fuck it at that at this point it's everybody else's opinion.


Not knowing what's really going on with, with me and this person You. know what I'm saying? So for me it ain't no, Hey bro, I just, it was what it was. I moved on. I'm keeping it pushing You. know what I'm saying? At the end of the day, for all those who thought it was gonna stop me, it ain't stop shit bro. Like I'm honest. When you had a conversation come to, have you had a conversation after? Nah, nah, the thing is, before we never seen each other and after we don't see each other. Like we don't, we don't move in the same place. We never believe it or not, we never really see each other. I I I don't think I could tell you once or twice. We seen each other within a eight to 10 year time span. Like we don't see each other at all. If, you were to run into him tomorrow, today. If he was to call you, would you be open to a conversation?


I mean we grown men. Like he entitled how he feel. I'm entitled how I do, I'm I'm gonna speak up for mine the same way I would hope he would speak up for himself. So again, I'm telling you it ain't no hate on my end. Gotcha. I went through what I went through. I took it on the chin. And I, I kept it moving. You know, like it's not like we can't be in the same room. I'm gonna be tripping soon as I see him. Like I ain't really on that type of time. You know, I, I'm a man that's gonna always stand to feel myself and stand on business on what I believe. But I'm out here looking for that like shit, I'm, I got, you gotta realize bro, I deal with real life situations instead of living for the internet like everybody else. Like I'm trying to figure out what's gonna be the next move with my kids. What's the next move with, with helping somebody else that I'm doing or helping these families or helping some of the young homies out the hood or or helping some with music and business.


So it's like I'm not my life don't revolve around that every day. Gotcha. So for the people who was hating on you, right? Like the people that you saw hating on you during this decision, You know If you was, if it was a hurricane and they was crazy, I've, I've already done up. Okay. I've been You know it's crazy. I've already done it. So many. And one of my little partners, right? Shout out Skeet. My, my partner, he jumped on the internet right when the hurricane hit. Yeah. All y'all hating on trade. Don't y'all call him? No goddamn, No supplies for you. But those who know me and really know me, they know it. I'm never gonna leave, nobody hanging. And it's a lot of people that I ended up helping and if I didn't help them I ended up probably helping one of their relatives to, well some people respectfully came to me like, man, You know what I was wrong bro.


I formed the opinion and at the end of the day I probably shouldn't have did that. And You know you can appreciate apologies like that, but yeah, you, you definitely, I definitely they asked need help. They asked still calling. That's right You know what I'm saying? Is that energy still the same for the people who had a lot to say when you were going through all your back and forth with your daughter's mom online? People were picking sides there. I think in every situation you can't, unless I'm putting them all in the bucket or a barrel, it's going like you, I may have not even seen some of the stuff that they've done. So I think honestly man, everybody ain't built to like you You know everybody And I built to like you, they they not gonna be in your corner. So it's on you If, you wanna harp or dwell on it or If.


you just want to keep it pushing. You know a lot of us put value in people that don't fuck with us and being and overlook the people that really do so. Right. It's like I'm I'm just outta space now. I'm trying to use my energy the right way. You know I'm a, I'm a rock with those who really rock with me and those who don't shit. Yeah. What it is I ain't those who don't rock with me. I ain't even mad at you. You, you end up looking crazy in the end. You know. How did, how did the, the death of Beat King impact the city of Houston? I definitely think that was a a a it was a sad situation. It was unbelievable situation. 'cause You know how for us, we used to death. You know and sometimes you'll see stuff on the internet and you you'll be like, nah, hell nah, that don't You know.


But I think that was one of 'em situations it wasn't expected. And just thinking back, me and him, we really didn't talk much at all. But you can't deny the, the, the presence he had when it came to the club. Like he had a tag. When he had the tag, you would know he had something to do with it. So you couldn't, you couldn't deny what he brought and he stayed in his own lane. 'cause he wasn't, he wasn't trying to make street music. He wasn't trying to do the backpack. He wasn't, he just stayed doing him and You know anybody who stayed doing them and stay in they own lane, you gotta respect it because they didn't alternate, they didn't shift.


They did what they felt was best for them. So You know, I felt like it's definitely something that's, that touched the city. I mean anybody, I'm gonna be honest, any Fall and soldiers we had from the city of Houston musically always impact the city because Houston and Texas alone really support they artists. So You know a lot of deaths. People take it personal You know. Yeah. How how did you and J Col get so close man? Oh we've always, man we've always been close since, since younger man and it, it is crazy. That's why looking at the song that he did trade the Truth and the bezo be like you could look at I didn't even have a beard at that time.


I was You, know what I'm saying? Yeah. But it happened right after I got shot and I remember he called me. So that was like 20 12, 20 13? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Wow. So, but I'm saying we was cool way before then. But I'm saying right after I got shot he called me and he was just like, man bro, like you got the potential of doing so much shit and so many people fuck with you. Like I need to, I feel like I want just take you with me to show you something different. You know basically they inspired me and show me what I can, what I'm capable of doing and what I can. And he ended up taking me with him. We went to Ibiza. That was my first time ever seeing festivals.


I think we did Wild and stuff like that. You know shit that I haven't seen You know just to show a whole different world and even past that situation of that truth be told, people don't know when, when I get ready to put our albums If you catch me going for a long time. And I ain't putting nothing out. He's probably the reason I end up putting it out 'cause we'll sit on the phone for hours going back and forth. You know debating and he'll he'll be like, yeah you worried about If, you gonna sell this amount of records or you worried about how no labels assigned you 'cause of the radio stuff when at the end of the day bro just put it out If, you put it out. It don't matter If, you get 20 or 30 fans.


Guess what you put that out, you get 30 fans, you put this out, you gain another 50. It might be a way longer process but not doing nothing. You not gaining nothing. So you like, you gotta take, you gotta take some risk regardless of how it look. 'cause at the end of the day, mentally we so stuck in worried about how people going to look at us, how people gonna laugh at us when we do stuff or if we going to fail or succeed. And, I think when you get to a point where you not necessarily caring about that, then you can kind of enjoy it. You know like, like that's what it, it piss me off when you see And. I don't like even speaking on that 'cause I hate speaking on other situations but when Cole said what he said on stage I was there, the apology.


Yeah. And the thing is, the first thing everybody wa was saying was, oh man, he apologizing, he scared he doing it is like for me it pisses me off. Which he honestly in his mind is You know I don't, I don't want y'all speaking up. Like I'm fine with that. In his mind is one we all's cool and we still are You know what I'm saying? But on the flip side, like that ain't, that ain't his energy. Like he was focused on his album like it and these things, I I I may supposed to say may not. Like if If you look at his, his tape that came out the last song was supposed to be Trade the Truth in the Bezel. So that's why at the end when I say even if we fall off, we don't, we don't fall off.


That was the the outro but the pre intro for his new album to fall off. But If you pay attention to the project they end up having the the the record where he went back at him and it just threw everything off. And And I think honestly within this spirit I salute him 'cause he is own man. Like I'm not supposed to be keyed up by y'all. Right. And at the end of the day he got on that stage and he said it genuinely like that ain't my energy. Like bro I don't feel good about that. 'cause that's not like he wasn't offended by the shit that was said. It was more keyed up by everybody making them go there. Now what? I will you feel the record. That's what you could feel it in the dis record.


That shit was whack and cold don't do nothing whack. Like that was, that was like come on Cole. Well I ain't gonna say it was but You know yo yo you it wasn't good. I don't think it whack It wasn't whack I said was What I will say is yeah you can tell that he, that wasn't the energy he was on And, I think honestly man, as as just us as a whole, you gotta respect the ones that's gonna step out on their own and not worry about how people looking at you You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Them the ones you gotta understand that is more authentic because a lot of people, the the internet or opinions or other people can force you to do some shit that you really don't wanna do. You know I think with His fans though, but then a couple months later everybody was like Cole was right.


Right, right. Now every time they see Cole he is like Cole was right. And, I protected his Piece. I know you had been asked about it and, and you said did the n they worded it like, oh he, he ducked like, or he like tried to dodge the beef or whatever. He was like, he wasn't ducking from anything. It was just something he decided to do after looking at everything that played out and kind of where Drake lies down, like are you happy that he made that decision or do you feel like that honest he would've Been and just being transparent with you. I don't give a damn about the, the the beef part. That ain't my, that I always been a, a cat to stay in my own lane. Gotcha. Now If, you ask do I feel good about that situation? I'm gonna say yes only because bro did what he felt he needed to do and that made him feel comfortable and that got him his peace of mind to get back focused on working on his album and focusing on his kids.


So that part I'm definitely happy about it You know what I'm saying? Only Thing, the only thing I I didn't like is I think Cole and Cole fans fought for the last couple of years to prove how nice Cole is and how busy Cole is. And they had so many different complaints. Oh, Cole does his own beats. He should do different beats and Cole should do more guest appearances. And I just felt like he was doing that and he was shooting down everybody that he was doing songs with and it was just, it was glad to hear Cole, the way I heard him when growing up as a kid is Mixtape Cole. And then I just felt like that whole situation just kind of paused that that, that made me sad. Not real, not to me. 'cause you can't take away what a person was already doing. No You Know, but we haven't seen Cole in a minute since he kind of did Back off a little bit. Yeah, He he fell back When, when I heard that brother say he, he hadn't slept good.


He was sleeping good for 10 years and that was the first time in 10 years he didn't sleep good. That's all you need to tell me. You gonna let don't turn. But he gets busy and a lot of times people don't understand respect. Now what I will say is I'm not, we ain't gonna go in depth but just don't get a fucked up his album coming and, and and when you and when the album comes, it is probably gonna shock a lot of people. So I remember what I tell you all the time, a lot of people form opinions on things and they don't fully know Got you. Situation. That's right. You know, are you, are you are, Are you the intro? Nah, nah, nah, I was the outro. But You know, Hey, before it's too late, you never know what bro may do. You know. Yeah. And then You know what I will do is I always salute him.


You know we did the Trade of Truth and the Bees a remix that's out now. And then for Trea You know he literally flew in on the jet to ride bikes with me through Houston for the, the Welcome to Houston with CLE City Cruisers and jumped back on a jet a hour and a half later after we did Bikes. Wow. And came back You. know what I'm saying? Like that's my real brother. You know And I salute him, man. I stand behind him a thousand percent. Now did you Audition for Bad Boys for or they just called you Martin? You know Martin and them my brother. So You know my, my cartoons that I always do. Yeah. I have a partnership with Martin. So You know, of course we were, we were That's for the one Trey on Tuby, huh?


Or is it That's a different cartoon. Which one? That was beforehand. Okay, got you. So we were getting ready to, to put it out man. And we had, it's crazy, like I can't go in depth but just we had big writers, different stuff with us fucking Covid hit. So that's it. It messed up any and everything possible. So then after Covid we was back on it, then the writers and the actor Strike came. So it was just like, eh, so in the midst of that's still going, Martin called me and it was actually the last day or two days that they was filming Bad Boys For and ended up having me come out and get in it.


And now that's a new process of me understanding well with the major movies because they have so many different versions, then they had to cut it down to where it's crazy I'm in a trailer. But in the movie they ended up cutting the movie down. So they took some of the scenes out, which I don't know if You know when it come out to streaming services if it's if it go back in or what it is. But for me it was just a dope experience and shit That trailer you see across The World, you see me all in it You know what I'm saying? So, and Martin Martin, my brother, his whole, his whole family is my family man. They real supportive of everything I go through. Good or bad. Well let's get into a joint off the album.


What you want to hear? What you wanna play Trey? Man, I have wanna play fires. I that's definitely where we at by You gotta do the Dance though. You gotta do the Dance If, you don't, I dunno. I wouldn't know how to dance. I man. Well let's get into it right now as Fire is featuring Little Yachty, it's Traded Truth. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby.


It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the Funk.