
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant revention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne The God We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is six, so she's not here. Lauren Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Come on man. The living legend himself. Martin. Martin Laws, ladies and gentlemen, how you feeling? Good. Great man. Glad to be here with you guys This weekend. You're gonna be at the Barclays and also Atlantic City Performance, so if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. We actually today we're giving away front row seats to go to the show. So call it one oh five right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got a bonus tickets. Don't say nothing in the front row 'cause I might get you In front row. Those tickets are yours.


How you feeling brother? I'm feeling great, man. Feeling great, feeling blessed. Feel for all the people going through tragic stuff in la You know, with the fires my sister's house burned down. Oh man. Sorry to hear that. Sorry to hear that Brother. Yeah, so you know, we gotta start rebuilding, you know. So You live in LA too, right? Was your house affected or no. No, but it was getting close. It was getting close? Yeah. Do they call you immediately? Like, you know Martin House burned down? Yeah, Well I was at my ranch back in Virginia and chilling in the snow and all that was going on And I was just, wasn't nothing I could do, but my family that I I had in LA was holding it down.


Do you reach for your pockets first or do you wait to see what the insurance going to do? Oh well I both, both. What's the rebuilding process gonna be like though? Like, you guys have to wait a certain amount of time before you can even start like thinking about that. Do they give you a, a Timeline? I really don't know. I really don't know. Mm. I gotta ask about bad boys. You know, the Bad Boys franchise pick back up right where y'all left off years ago, right? Yeah. And it's, it's pretty amazing. 'cause as a kid I grew up on it, right? But now my kids are growing up on it. So how, how did you expect it to catch so big? And how many of y'all gonna do? Because it, it's, it's not whack. It's not like, you know, usually you do a Sequel, it's like, ah, and then the one after that, it's like, ah, yeah, but nah, it's, it's not whack.


It keeps going. So how many more y'all gonna do? Are y'all shooting your F I don I really don't know. You know, you know the, the business is fickle, you know, I hope to do more, you know, as long as Will wants to do 'em, you know. We'll, we'll, and the audience wants 'em. We'll do 'em. You know, we like giving you good work, you know? So, you know, we have a lot of fun with bad boys. Why? I I I was wondering about the tour. Like, like you, you, you got money, you older now, why even go back on the grind and doing a comedy tour? Because It's where I started. It's my baby, you know, it's, it's, it is my breadwinner, you know, when I don't have nothing else to do, I can't do movies or TV or whatever, I can always go back To Standup and my audience is always there for me.


Do You think that the standup, do you think the appetite for standup is the same as it used to be? Yeah. If you still hungry where you know if you're still hungry. Yeah, and I'm still hungry. What about the audience? Because standup is kind of a lost art. I love standup. You know what Emini here. But to see it feel like it's kind of a lost art because of social media people. I don't even know. People really know what funny, funny is anymore. But to go on stage and the captivating audience, just you and the microphone. You think the audience still has it? Yeah. People will need to laugh. Right, right. You know, and people want to laugh. Emini here, you, you see the sign of the times that we in Emini here, people just really want to come out and laugh man. And, and that's what they, we we need to do. Laughter heal The World, man.


I saw a quote you said the way fighters train, that's how you train. When, when you're getting ready for comedy, how do you get ready for a tour like this after 10 years and getting back on the stage? Like is that a different level of training now or is it still the same? No, it's the same. I I go to the comedy clubs, you know, and I, I work out, I go to the comedy store And I work out during the week and just keep working out, working out till I build up hours set and until it's ready to go on the road. How you pick and choose what goes into your sets, because like I was watching one of your old sets that you did at, you mentioned like the Rodney King beatings and like, but you made it funny in a dark time. Nowadays people so touchy, like, so do you stay away from certain stuff?


'cause you're like, now it's like the Icon Martin now? Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm a little, I'm more cautious about, you know, subjects that I, that I choose and everything. You know, when I was younger I was fearless, you know, I just, I would talk about anything or anybody, but it's a different time. Do you, do you remember the, the, the Times? 'cause I always hear these stories and, and it's, to me it's like, damn, this, this really happened when you used to work telemarketing, right? And you were there with salt and pepper I guess, and Si No, that was Sears. Was that Sears? Sears and robots?


Yeah, Sears And Robot. How was those experiences and are you ever amazed that all of y'all were successful in your own way of going? Well, well see, I wasn't there with kid and play. I was there with salt and pepper and, And I was always clowning, you know, joking around at work and everything. Not on the phone doing what I'm supposed to be doing. What did y'all have to do when y'all I was trying, I was trying to crack on Saul. I was trying, I was trying to crack on Saul and Herbie Love was working there too. And, And I was like, sa you know, I'm trying to get with you, da da. She was like, Martin, I'm with Herbie.


I, I said, Herbie's your boy, your boyfriend. And I look at Herbie And I say, Herbie, this your girlfriend. He said, yeah. I said, oh man. So then I just had to leave that alone. So what were y'all selling on the phone? That's what I never know. Like what was Sears selling when y'all selling Maintenance, maintenance agreements? Oh yeah. So me maintenance. So do remember maintenance? Do you remember your pitch back then and what you had to do? Well, you know, hello, how are you? I was wondering, you just brought a new appliance. So how is it working for you? You know, in 30 days or 60 days something could happen to it. Would you like to extend your warranty and all that?


You know? And when they said no, did you curse him out? Do you start cracking on them? Nah, they, because a lot of 'em just hang up. Oh, Okay. Did Somebody come to one of your shows and be like, yo, you called me like, nobody ever like that has never happened? No, no, no. I don't remember that. You, you, I was thinking too about you, you, you are a very physical comedian, right? That's what like a lot, a lot of what you do involves your facial expressions. How you move as you got older. Do you believe that impacts your, your comedy? Like No. No. I still love being physical. I love, I love it. It is. You ain't falling All over the Floor. No. Nah, I ain't, I ain't doing Somebody gotta help you get back, show over, show done. No, I'm not doing that. But I love still doing some physical comedy.


Yeah. And you said you, you know, you don't say what you used to say on stage. I remember an episode of Def Comedy Jam. I forgot who you was messing with. I feel like he was that level, but maybe I'm making this up. But you was saying you was talking about a girl. He was with a girl and you was saying you fucked. You remember that episode? Oh, you talking about Mc Light? Was it Mc light? Mc light joke. Oh, MC Light. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, that was so that wasn't A joke. Yeah, but that wasn't a true joke. It goes viral all the time. That was viral all the time. Yeah, that, that wasn't true. That that wasn't true. I was just messing with her boyfriend. God And I was, Was just digging at him. So, you know, I I just said it. God damn. I know he had to approach you about that one. I was like, did he see you at the show? He couldn't do nothing.


He could've whoop my ass. Yeah. Yeah. It was Todd at the time or something. Why Did you decide to heat him up like that? Because Ed Lover and them was saying get, get him with a joke. That's a hell of a joke to say in front of a, that was Todd. You Remember Todd? Ty used to do the, Ty used to do Rap City with them. Not Rap City, but you on TV rap. Got you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha, gotcha. You gotcha. You gotcha. So, So has anybody ever, Did Mc Light get mad about that joke? Nah, she, she was real cool. Okay. No, she's real cool. Did anybody ever come into you after your show and wanted to fight? Because like he said, you didn't hold anything back. Like you didn't care who was in that show you was going at him. Anybody say, yo, I'm gonna be Martin outside after, Nah, Never.


Nah, 'cause I, I'm not that dude man. I'm not that dude. And I got GOs You GOs back then. Back then. So it wasn't happening. Wasn't happening. Damn. And Ain't laugh at home. He ain't even I got And I still got him. So if you want come To the ball, You get a little upset. Just know It Goes back to that. You still lean into a lot of the crowd work in your shows now you mentioned, I'm sorry, do you still do a lot of crowd work today in your shows? Yes. Gotcha. I do a lot of meet and greets and stuff, you know, I love, you know, hooking up with my audience. She's talking about snapping on people in the audience. Emini here. Yeah. Not even snapping but just like, you know, when you go to the comedy shows, I feel like a lot, I know for me when I go I wanna see the comedians of the crowd work 'cause it's off the top.


And like most people when they do it well I'm like, oh dang, he's like really good at this. So I think people look for that for you also too. 'cause it's in a lot of your standups. Thank you. When we see you go off on the crowd. Thank you. Now also in the news, your daughter got engaged to Eddie Murphy's son. Yeah, that was in the news. Congratulations. And He's, he's a great kid. He's, I'm a great young man. Great young man. I, I don't think she could have found nobody better. Right. I love that. Now we have this rule up here. If we are ever out and about With somebody that's richer than us, Whoever has the most money has to pay, pay the bill. Pay the bill. Well, well Eddie already said I had to pay for it. He said he paid for the last six weddings, you know, 'cause Eddie got a lot of kids. Right. You know, he said he paid for the last six.


So he said nah, this is on you. He said, I, I said I don't mind. Damn. So he's still holding you to that, huh? I said so he's still holding you to that? He Yeah, he is holding me to that. He was holding me to that. Did you ever, did you envision that? 'cause it seemed like back in the nineties, And I could be wrong, it seemed like y'all had just like such a brotherhood amongst each other. You know what Emini here and to see that brotherhood y'all had, but now y'all kids getting married, did you see that Far ahead? Never. Wow. Never couldn't believe it. Couldn't believe it. When they first told you that they was connected, what did you, did you call Eddie and be like, Hey man, you know, our, our our our children are dating? Nah, I just, when I talked to him I said, can you believe it? And he says, nah, it's beautiful.


You know, as long as they respect each other and, and love each other, you know, hey The World too. Nah, nah, nah. I I picture you and Will at the door and they and they coming up and you having that conversation. So you never had to have that conversation. Nah, my, with my daughters I'm open, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm kind of father that gives them, gives them room. You know, if if they're, if the boyfriends that bringing me to meet are disrespectful, then they're gonna see another side of me. But if they're nice young men and whatever, I don't, I don't do all that. You don't Get involved. They probably already know by the time you meet my dad, they need to be right. Yeah.


Because dad don't play around. And my reputation precedes itself. You must done fucked some people up. They not even money thought after The World. Like why Martin was fucking people Play with Martin. How Important was it to Emini here? How hard was it to sell hip hop to Hollywood in the nineties? 'cause when I think of like Martin, y'all had Biggie on there and Matthew Man and Wendy Williams. Wendy Williams And I even about yeah. Movies like House Party. Was, was, was Hollywood embracing of hip hop back


piece of the planet Charlamagne tha God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You know, did y'all have to tell them? Like Not We were coming up. Okay, we were coming up but because we were doing so good, you know, they had to accept us, they had to embrace us, you know, because hip hop was hitting hard. You know, you had all this talent and so they had to say, oh, open the door and say hey we gotta let hip hop in 'cause it's impacting The World. You know? And you see what hip hop is doing now. You know? What, what do you think happened to, to television and what Emini here by that is, you know, they always talk about the negative images of, of black people that exist now on TV and in film. But it is like when we came up in the nineties, we done had that. We had the Martins and the Cosby shows and the different worlds and the living singles.


Like what do you think made Hollywood say, we going to get stop doing that and start doing reality tv? I don't know. I don't know. Maybe 'cause reality when when they first put it on, it hit, you know, people started gravitating to it or whatever. And maybe it is is ways they, they get tax breaks. I don't know lot about But y'all was hitting too and, and it was great representation. Like you had a job, you was a radio person. But, but It was probably cheaper too though. You ain't gotta pay reality Today. Yeah. That's why I'm saying tax breaks and all that stuff. Yeah. You know, But it don't stand test of time. It ain't a syndication. That's true. 20 years later, 30 years later. Yeah. You know, I also wonder too, when growing up, you know, watching you play Shana Nay watching you in Big Mama's House.


I never thought anything of it. I just thought it was funny. But nowadays you hear people say, oh you know, that's, you gotta sell your soul in Hollywood. And that's Humiliation Rituals and the Illuminati. Yeah. What do you think of that? It's bullshit. It's, it is all bullshit. Doing, doing what I do and doing Big Mama and and characters like that. Shena na, whatever. These are strong black women, you know? And I'm a comedian, you know, and I, I'm, I'm not above playing a character, putting on a dress or whatever 'cause I'm in tune with my manhood, you know? So I, I know who I am so I don't worry about all that.


Is that a missed art? 'cause we seen it with you. We seen it with Eddie, but now it seems like everybody, like he said, is afraid to do that. But Except for Tyler and except for Tyler Million. Except for talent. Yeah. Yeah, it is. If you in tune with your manhood, you shouldn't be worrying about it. You know, if you ain't letting nobody get under your dress. Was there ever a point, was there ever a point where you felt like the industry would boxed you in and they just wanted you to be the, the funny guy and didn't give you like, I guess room to grow as an actor?


Yeah, I, because I haven't been offered a lot of dramatic roles, you know, the closest I I I had to, I got a dramatic role was I had to do it myself. Was thin line between 11 and eight mm. So that was the closest. And then I, I wind up recently, about two years ago I did a movie called Mind Gauge that was total drama, no comedy and everything else. So I did about two. Do you even want to do that? Are you like Yeah, I want to try it. Okay. I want to try to see if, if, if I could pull it Off. When you saw it happening to you though, were, were you talking to your team like, yo, why is this happening?


Why are we not pushing back? Or were you just like, I I gotta do what I gotta do to eat, to keep my family fed. Oh, always. You know, I not sell your soul, but do what? Do what's appealing to you. Now they also talk about Blue Streak, the Sequel. Yes. You guys are shooting there. We Working on it. You're working on it, right? We're writing it. Writing it. Does it leave off in Mexico or, or have you figured that out as of yet? No, we haven't figured it out yet. Yeah. But if they come get me from Mexico to, you know, 'cause I had the Diamond, so I'm living high off the hog, you know, so we'll see what happens. It Gotta be a crazy soundtrack too, like the first One. Oh yeah. Yeah.


How do you choose what to do a Sequel to? Because Blue Streak was good, but I, to me I'm like, yo, I'd rather see life part two. Like, I like to see That's another one. I like to see how y'all was when y'all got out first. Everybody, everybody wants another one wants to see life part two. But you gotta remember me and Eddie were, we were what, 90 by the time we got out Years old. Well, no, it can be a period piece. So it can be based on when y'all first got out, when y'all first broke out, what did Ray and Claude do? What was their life like when they first broke us? Well, we went to the baseball game. Yep. Remember that? That's all we saw. Right? Know y'all got some sies somewhere, you know what I'm saying? Where's that at? Getting introduced to Viagra or something. You know, Emini here. No too much. They might not have made it through the experience, ain't it on?


They want you die with the, like it could end right when y'all broke out. Right? Well, if somebody puts it together, man. Hey, I, I told her, I talked to Eddie about it and Eddie say, Hey man, if, if somebody could make it make sense, hey, we'll we'll do it again. Do You, do you get, I don't wanna say frustrated, but like having to convince people in Hollywood, like you Martin Lawrence, you know what I'm saying? Like having to sit down and pitch things or Yeah. Like Yeah. That's frustrating. Yeah. That's frustrating. But it's part of the business, you know, and, and it's hit, hit hit or miss, you know. But I have a strong faith in, in God and he's my agent.


It's crazy to me that you still have to pitch things. Like just hearing that, it's like, wow. What about a, a Martin reunion? Like a, I know you guys did the reunion, but like people wanted to see like actual episodes, like maybe, you know how Sex in the City they got back together, they did episodes and then they had a movie. Like is there anything on screen from you guys that we're gonna ever see Yeah. From the Martin show? From the Ma Martin Cash? Yes. No. Nah, Tommy Ford was a big part of, of what we did. And him not being there, it's not the same. Got you. And we, we, we couldn't, we, we caught lightning in a bottle. Mm. You know, and that, that won't happen again.


Wow. Who came up with the idea of being a radio host like that? That was dope. Like it, but I just, I did. Yeah. And why? Yeah, just try something different, you know, you know De Detroit, you know, being able to say, say what I want on the radio and being a, you know, outlandish radio announcer and everything. Having celebrities come through and everything. It's just fun. Fun of radio. Did you typecast yourself with Martin meaning like being at the character name with Martin and they saw how you acted on the show. They expect you to be like that in everyday life All the time. Yes.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because Every time I've been around you you seem like you very reserved, laid back. Yeah. I'm nothing like De Martin on tv. Wow. I thought that, know people do ask me that. Are you like De Martin on TV Sometime I tell 'em hell yeah, I'll throw your ass out. You know, And I think that's a lot, like, a lot of times people see when they think something's wrong, but I'm like, number one, he's older than number two. How did we ever know that was who, who told us that was him, Right? Yeah. Nah, that was my energy. That was me just projecting. Just, just, just being big. Just you know, giving you a bigger version of Martin and you know, just, just having fun.


Just having fun. But I'm not like that in real life. I'm, I'm mature. I'm, you know, it is. That's my job. You know, you don't, you don't want to be on all the time. That gets annoying. And then when somebody, people don't, People don't take you serious. Was it exhausting having to be on all the time because you did a really good job at that job? Like I would've never known that. That wasn't how you were in real life. Thank you. Yeah. It gets exhausting but when you having fun with it, you don't feel it. And is that the reason you had to whip ass? 'cause people they could play with you back whipping Ass is you say Emini Here. Is that the reason? 'cause they thought they could play what people thought they could play with you. So you, you had to show 'em.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You ever had somebody just laid out on the floor? They just like, man just got fucked up by Martin. I don't have some And what do y'all know what it is to you got a lot of different comedians on there. You got just hilarious. Of course. Adele Givens beat Simone, Chico Bean, decent young Fly Dion Cole. Just to name a few. How do you pick who you want to be on the road with? 'cause that's such an honor for a comedian to be on the road with Martin Lawrence. 'cause they fire, they fire man. They, they're so talented. They're, they're the next ones, you know, the next comedy stars, you know, and to, to, for me to just have a, a little piece of helping them out, getting them some exposure or whatever, you know, I'm honored to do that.


That's what I'm supposed to do, you know, in my position. And so I love it And I love working with 'em. Well call it one oh five right now. If you wanna sit in the front row. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You have to be in New York. We ain't flying you, we ain't paying for a bus ticket. We just got your tickets. If you in New York or you can make it to New York. Call it one oh five right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You going to be at the Barla tonight. So you'll get those tickets tonight. Saturday. He's gonna be in Atlantic City. Atlantic City. February 8th. Houston, Valentine's Day. He's gonna be in your neck of the woods. South Carolina, Greenville. No, that's not my neck of the woods. Oh, I Just Say South Carolina. I just thought It was, it is the low country. Oh my.


All the same Stink said your all country In February 15th, Charlotte, North Carolina. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Always Man. Thank y'all for having me, man. I'm glad I came in, man. It's been a minute. You see you On the wall, we, you the wall. Yeah, I see you. I'm happy, man. Thank you. That's what It is. It's Martin Lawrence. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers. Get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at Davids bridal dot Comba


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Btw group. No purchase necessary. Board web prohibited by law. See terms and conditions et.