
Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos. New rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's Three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jack Beast Thomas, the host of a brand new Black effect original series Black Lit, the podcast for diving deep into the rich world of black literature. Black Lit is for the page turners for those who listen to audiobooks while running errands or at the end of a busy day from thought provoking novels to powerful poetry will explore the stories that shape our culture. Listen to Black Lit On The Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to. We're talking ika los and all things trending in my cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us. And it's all packed with Gem Sponge, straight up Comia. And that's a song that only Noe can sprinkle. Listen to Gracias. Come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren la is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. We have Tamela and David. Man, welcome. What up though? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for happening. Good morning. How you morning Now? Just in case y'all wondering why I'm here, I walked in the door and she's sit down. I Yes ma'am. I'm in your house. I sit down and do, because Miss a man is here to promote her new album. Live Breathe. Fight. But I mean, y'all have been doing things together forever. Like y'all even know life without each other. No, no. We, I don't want To either.


We got married at 21, so we've been married 36 years. 21. That's a long time. No separations. I like to say that. There you Go. Did y We Worked through it. Did y'all know as soon as each y'all saw each other like she did? 'cause I was that kind of guy. No, whatever. No, we did not. But we were just friends. Okay. We were just Friends. But it wasn't long after though that I knew. But I wouldn't let him know that I, that I felt like that he was the one, the one, I felt like he was the one. But I was like, I don't know. 'cause You know David had a little play in him. You know. So when, so when did you realize, When did I realize it was probably, it was fairly some months that, 'cause we started singing together early.


So it was some months and David started protecting me, even like with the other guys. 'cause I was the only girl in the group us singing. And he would always like, y'all don't horse play where she's a Girl. We had a singing group like, so y'all know me, Kirk Franklin and another guy, Daryl Blair. So Kirk Franklin, And I been friends for like 40 something Since 50. Yeah. When he was 15, I met, we went Scoot, We met him. Wow. Yeah. So it, it just, but I just felt like if it works out, I said, I said I really like this dude, but You know I have to just see, wait and see. I watches Play Ways. Yeah, yeah. You know. And it did, his plays played Away. She, she actually busted me one time with my, with a couple other girls that I was with. I was, I was just looking. I, she was just looking. I didn't bus, they threw me a surprise. Didn't bus you, you bust Yourself.


They threw me a surprise birthday party. Both girls. Well, No. Well we were, no, they just, we were all just friends. You know how you invite people to, okay, we gonna do this. They should have told and listen, we meeting at this house House, they should told me we meeting at this house. But he brought somebody with him so that we didn't know that he was gonna bring somebody. But it was just people that we all knew. Mm. And so happened a couple of them that knew. And then his new piece, I guess he had Wow in the day. Now let's go back. Y'all shaded. This is like 19 You know we like 19 years old at the time. So You know that was, That's about Tab man Live breathes. Like she didn't live Through this. She didn't breathe through it.


She, That, that 30 years later he's still nervous. I didn't wanna know How much did you cut run off Hova with women, David? How much? How much? Oh, I was doing a little much. That's why I wouldn't, I'm for real. That's why I wouldn't hook up with her because she was my friend. And. I knew once I started that is it. That was it. She wasn't going nowhere. I nope. Then once I said I do, I am, I will. Alright. And here I am. How did You know that? I want brothers to know How did You know? This is the one I'm gonna put all my playaway to the side. This is what I wanna be with for the rest of my life. She was just different. You know. She, she just wasn't the same. But I, she was somebody I could call when I was in trouble washing, had to wash dishes and stuff. I called her and talking washing dishes. She, what she doing? I'm sitting here washing dishes.


What you doing? And so it was just, we would just have that conversation. Just we were, we were freaking about everything. Like she knew about, she actually knew my baby mama and them before me. So she knew about all of 'em. Everybody. So when I decided, okay, let me cut this out, I started calling, Hey, you may want to come and get this last little hit 'cause I'm about to get into something for life and boom, that's it. Wow. That's beautiful. 36. I thought, don't that sound crazy. You told the girl, come get one last. I thought we was gonna get past it. Crazy man. Crazy man. No, but I just, I just knew for real. She just had something different.


And You know, we can say it's different, but You know me being a believer, I knew it was the anointing that she had on her that was different. So I couldn't, I wasn't gonna be able to play her. And then I knew she was gonna be famous. So I got a pre in chapter. Her and You know. So You did not know that. You did not know that. But it's really been a wonderful ride, y'all. That's right. Marriage can work. I mean it takes work. That's right. But we really enjoy each other's company. And. I like him. We like each other. We are not just in love, but we really like and love each other. Hanging out, doing nothing is fun to us. You know Sometimes same, same me. That's the problem. Getting some of the interviews like this is because You know we've, they've pitched us to do interviews as a couple said, wait a minute, has he cheated on it?


No, he's not cheating on it. Does he have something else going on? Anybody addicted to something? No. They come to y'all With that. Yeah. It's liket. It's like you can't get interview if you're doing good. Yeah. You know. It's like The World thrives off of the negative. That's right. It's like the positive that people and that it can work. And talking about family and trying to hold family together. I mean, 'cause You know it Just, somebody put online the other day, they can't be that happy. They fake. Yeah, that's fake. That's that's That's People say that all the time. Yeah, they say, they say that all the time. And the reason is 'cause they're not happy in their life. So they can't see how you guys are not happy. I was gonna ask, so what do you tell young couples? 'cause you said something, you said y'all be, you've been together that long. No separations and never separation. Right. Me and my wife, we've been married 23 years, been together.


31. No separations. Right. We worked through everything. Good, bad, ugly, whatever. So what do you tell young couples? We took the voice off the couple. We took the voice off the table. And the thing is, is to, sometimes you gotta just separate and for instance, in the house to just gather your thoughts versus like throwing venom like at the heat of the moment, sometimes you just have to back up. Okay, let's take a minute and digest what's happening versus, so you won't say pie, I say piercing things. Yeah, I've been saying that since the beginning. 'cause you can say stuff when you're angry and then you can't take it back. You can't take them words back. Because no matter if somebody say, I'm sorry, And, I forgive you, but in the back of your head, you still Thinking you and you never try to resolve issues in, in the middle of a battle.


Right? I mean you, you just let it calm down a little bit. Cool. Period. Just cool it off a little bit. When you trying to resolve stuff in the middle of war, it gets a little hard. Right? Because You know early on, like she say, just I, I'm quick with, quick with my mouth, quick with tongue. So I would just say piercing stuff. And I just started to see how, man, this is devastating. This woman, it is crushing her. So You know, I just started building her up. And What's the worst battle that you guys got into that you remember? That it was just nasty and you was going at her neck. She was going at your neck. Okay, so like we talk Which one? You gonna say Which one? The knock at the door? Yes. The knock at the door. Oh, Knock at the door. Up at the door. Okay. Who showed Up at the Queen? Well imagine this. Imagine she's at work.


You at the house and the constable knock on the door and say, Hey, here you go here the papers, you've been served. You've been served. I say, sir, with what? What? Oh, you have a baby? I'm like, what? I got a new Yeah. And so she comes home and is like, Hey, how your day been? I'm good. Now this is how long y'all were married at this Time? We were married five years by this time. So before I got married I one of them last come by The last last little hitch. Yeah. Come last little hitch. Little relapse always gets you. Yeah. And so imagine her coming home and say, Hey, how is your day? Oh, my day was good. What you do today? Oh, I got us another baby. Oh, that's how you said it. No, I did not. I say Took you some time to rehearsed It.


Like It took him some time to get it out. Okay. Yeah. I rehearsed it 'cause on the way home. Okay, I'm gonna tell her like this. So You know you remember? Nah, I can't say it that way. So You know the time And I can Jesus crazy. I just tried to rehearse it. Do you remember? So finally I had to come and say Dear You know I might have a child that You know that I had. And And he, the thing is, is he, he had two, he had two pre, he said from a previous argument. That's what he calls it. So they, he, but they You know two, two different ladies. The best things that ever happened with my two daughters, the best thing ever, Ever happened. So it's like I told him, I said, okay, now I accepted the one because I was there when she was born. 'cause we was best friends. She Was at the hospital Day. My child went, I went to the hospital when, when she was born, the whole 21 hours, y'all sit there.


But as he came and said this to me about the other young lady, which I knew about the other young lady, And I knew that they had been intimate. I knew they had a thing going and all of that. But for how it was presented, it's like, it was just a, it was rough for me to take You know. I was like, I don't know. 'cause the chick You know God bless her. We in a better place now. But then she was rough to deal with. Right. You had put holy hands on Her. I didn't put no holy hands on You know. I just had, we had words, but not even to They don't do that. Don't, don't, they aired this stuff. Don't put me out there like that. Somebody may come try me. I'm but I'm, but I'm licensed. There You go. There, there you go. How about that?


Them Holy bullets. The holy bullets. So how did you, how did you get through it? How did, But I just You know what we talked about it. And David really pulled me and we, we sit Down and we talked, well, before, before we got there, it got really bad because she was like, I can't deal with this. I'm out And I. I shared with her like, look, it's me and you against everything else. That's, that's the breakdown he gave me. It is me and you against everything else because I know that this is a hard situation to swallow. I know I put us in a bad situation. I tell my kids now, I say, look, I put y'all in a bad situation because now you gotta go over to your mom's house for Christmas. Okay? I'm about to have Thanksgiving. I say that's a hard place to put kids. And. I say I take full responsibility. I mean the, my, my two old daughters best thing ever happened.


You see 'em now. I went to get the, the blood test You know how you go in to do the, the test. And I was gonna go in and do a test and You know the first thing. That baby probably ain't mine. That baby ain't mine. So by now she's five And I walk in the place, And I look down at this little face. I say, Shane, we ain't gotta take no blood. Her face is exactly like mine. Yeah. I was like, nah. I said, dear, we gotta just do No, you ain't gotta tell my other part what she said to you. Oh yeah, You gonna gimme a check, you gonna gimme that check. That was the Baby Baby. Oh my God. But that, But it was was, it was parenting that mom was coaching. It was both of us as parents that put that kid in that bad situation.


Right. And our relationship, my relationship with with her is like, man, I I just love both of them. So you had No clue until the knock of the door, like Right. I mean I You know there was murmurs. You know it was, but I wasn't sure. Of course I wasn't gonna volunteer. Yeah. Like bring another one on. But I mean, So if the knock, if the knock at the door, if the knock at the door never happened, you would've just, like, the murmurs just would've been there. Like you never wanted to know. I, I don't know. I don't know if I was even mature enough to say yes on that. Got you. You know that's the whole deal is maturity. But This the honesty, it's like if you didn't, because like I say, we knew that they had been involved. Right. It's like, but it's a possibility. And you saw the baby. But to me she looked like him and she looked like her.


So it's like she was a great mixture of the two. But when David told me the resolve, for me DJ Envy was that it's, he did the, the the spark thing. He said, it's us and then it's them. It's Everybody Else. He said, so you never have to worry about me choosing you over them because it's us first and then them. So that gave me a reassurance. And that's, that's key. It's everything. I wouldn't have to be fighting to just have a, to have my place. Right. Because I knew that I had the papers. But still, you don't wanna be warring with someone else over just stuff that's even outside of your home. How Did you block out the noise? Right? Because I'm sure you had friends and girlfriends leave him. He's this, that And the other. But it, no one, no one really honestly did come to me like that.


Because the thing is, is we were in a small community. A lot of us we were, yeah, we was church kids, we was in church singing and all this kind of stuff. So all of us did know each other and knew that they had been what they did. What is that You know doing what you did? Oh yeah. You know, being involved that stuff outside of church. Yeah. So, but if people didn't really, they knew me as a person and they knew her as a person. So it's like she had her reputation. I had mine. And it's like no one really never stepped to me and said anything crazy like that. But they was willing to defend me. Mm. Now mind you, when we wrote this, this book, And I put the chapter, the knock at the door at it, girl, he was cheating on you all the time.


It's like, do the math, read the book. Just go read the book. You know girl, I knew he was cheating. It's like you just gotta read and just follow. But that's, That's how we living. And we breathing and we fight. Yeah, that's right. Through all through all the things. You know, 36 years later we're still building. We're still living because we just believe that heaven is our destiny. You know we're breathing every breath with purpose. We believe that we have a call, we have a purpose to do what we do. Even to inspire people that follow us in relationships. I mean, this is like you saying, everybody wanting us to do this together, Lauren. They do. And they expect to see us. It's like when you see one, it's like, okay, we your husband, you out here by yourself. No, he's here. It's like he just stepped away Because trust me, I've been trying to lay in the cut while we've been doing this promo tour.


And the same thing you, I'm like, We fighting together. We doing this together that I really can't see. I mean, I don't see y'all apart. Y'all are really tag team back again. Every time we see y'all You know we really, and this feels Complete when y'all are together. And if, and that's, that's the, I love the completion of it because he completes me and my prayer is like, Lord, please give us more time. Give us more time together. And it's like, it's like, I don't know if I can do life without, without him, without God, without so beautiful The truth make me tear up. But it's the truth though, because it's like, it is really a completion. David pushed me into this. I mean, he helped me to get to this point as a artist. He helped develop me as a artist. And it's like, even when, even when it comes to like interviews y'all, this man with us being the same age, but he's walked me through life.


It makes me almost in tears right now because it's like, I'm really grateful. I'm really grateful and I'm thankful for you. And. I really appreciate We done came to the break. You about to turn this in. But having the opportunity no to even to be You know, to be transparent and to even show people our lives. It's not a joke. It's, it's really serious that he's my friend and we really have a good time together. But we don't base it off of the things. And a lot of times I think in our life, especially in our culture, we build things like it. It has to be about the gifts and what we doing for each other. What we going and what we drive. Any it is no, we Enjoy, we never based off just sitting home on the cap. But I think was broke together. Broke. We was broke. No, that was an understatement.


We were broken than broke. But that's what I think that's what's missing a lot of times. Like even when I look at my wife, when Charlamagne looks at his wife, we came up from the bottom. That's right. We didn't have anything. It was just love. It wasn't about a check. It wasn't about a dollar. So it built it together. Expensive to us was Red Lobster. Like You know what That's right. You know what I mean? Dining baby. That was my favorite y looking forward that, that was a special occasion. Right. I sold crack too though, so Well I Oh you did? Back in day bit. Okay. Little Bit. I was too scared. Too scared. I was around it, but was too scared to do that. Is that what got y'all to getting into shape? 'cause you said You know you wanted to live like you wanted more time. Is that what made y'all say You know what, let's get into the, I had di whole diabetes scare and all this stuff and we was just like, man, we gotta do something. I can't leave her here by ourself. It's just too much going on.


Just seeing the craziness And. I'm just like, I can't leave her here by itself. I gotta get myself together. And so that's what we doing. We just a work in progress. Yeah. You know this. Y'all are good, man. Absolutely. Thank you. Working from the inside out, I think the importance of it's like this record and doing it is like mentally working, coming from a mental space, coming from building a body, doing differently, making better decisions for the body and that thing, it's like, so we can be here longer together. And I was, I was telling you off air. Thank you so much for what you're doing in this mental health space. Thank you brother. It means a lot to me as a black man and somebody who's expected to make The World feel good. And I was like, I, I shared with, I was embarrassed to come out with my story of depression and, and making it.


And to hear stories like you, yours and, and you're talking and just putting it in the forefront. It makes people like me say, good. I can share mine without being embarrassed because I was embarrassed. Really? I mean like, But why embarrassment though? Because people Expect to be so strong. People expect me every time to come out and perform. You gotta be funny. You got all, you gotta be funny, you gotta be you Mr. Brown. You make The World laugh. Like she say, I grew up, I'm a fan. Like, okay. So people expect that. And so they don't know in in the background. You dying You know. Literally dying and drowning. And so when people like you come out and, and You know make it known. Hey, it's cool. I have a therapist. And I have Jesus. That's right. Yeah. And so You know, I just wanna Even enjoy even all of y'all lives what y'all give.


It's, I think it's important that all of us bring what we bring to the table. I feel like this pie is big enough for all of us to have a peace to share it. We can help somebody. I meanly one of our message is ought to get to somebody. I mean, my God. I mean that's right. It's like with the platforms that we we have, we should be able to help encourage somebody from any walk of life. I just feel like we're sent here, not just for us. We're sent here to help all walks Of life. That So what's the message in this Album? This album is to live, breathe, and fight. Even though you're facing the things you're facing the songs, excuse me, excuse me. On here is talking about Carry on. Even though that you've dealt with mental health or different, different things in your family or whatever your issues may be, we have to carry on.


We deserve to win after you've done and been through the mess. And


hey Everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast. Wake and Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Waking and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


It's Honey German. And I'm bringing you Gracias. Come again. The podcast where we dive deep into The World of Latin culture and entertainment with some of the biggest names in the game. If you love hearing real conversations with your favorite Latin celebrities, artists, and culture shifters, this is the podcast for you. We're talking real conversations with our Latin stars, from actors and artists to musicians and creators sharing their stories, struggles and successes. You know it's gonna be filled with Cheeseman laughs and all the vibes that you love. Each week we'll explore everything from music and pop culture to deeper topics like identity, community and breaking down barriers in all sorts of industries. Don't miss out on the fun and life stories. Join me for Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get into to listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your,


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season Two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, We pushed record, right? Okay. And this season we're taking in a run bigger bite Out of the most delicious food and its history, saying That the most popular cocktail is the Margarita followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh, so All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


The upbringings that we've came out of. We deserve to win. You deserve to have some nice things. You deserve to have a smile on your face to be in a good relationship. And I. Miss you gonna find somebody. I, I've been watching, I be talking to scream. Leave her alone. Thank you. She don't pray though. She don't pray about it. Don't leave alone. Dunno, dunno. You Know my body. She was kind of like you early on. She was a player, player. Ma, that Is not true Over. That is not true. But all the men on what she's been doing of the radio every day, I see it. Trust me, I'm With you. If you've been watching You know I did not start out Player, player. I was Wait, See, you messed up. You said I didn't start out player.


I didn't. I mean, once you get she said she was. I wasn't a player. I was, I'm single. Don't prove me wrong. I'm, I'm just meeting people. You know and now I I'm, she Kicks the same game to the same guys. That's not true. And they figure it out To the fact that Fact that two gentlemen said, you need to fix yourself. You need to get therapy to come back Around. Two told she Need to heal. First of all, Two men told us you need to heal Tamara. And don't one of 'em only lasted to the Sunday after homecoming. Oh, because You needed To heal. No, because he don't get me started. A lot of it be a lot of it be deflecting and cap. The, the language she use, she be calling these guys things like eaters. Y'all know about that. No eaters, You know. We Not my best eater.


Yes, yes. I don't say that. I don't say that. I Don got in the phone, got them labeled in the phone Eater too. Best Eater. That is not true. I would never Thursday eater. Let's Pray. But I think we should. I'm down to, but when you look, when you Down, but when you Looking at being found, I think we have to make a list of what we are wanting in a relationship. And then you become the list. I a list talk. That talk. I have a List. So we become the list. And just like one of the songs is called Big Facts. That's on, it's my fun song. But it's like looking in the mirror, examining yourself, fixing yourself. So when he finds you, you are ready.


It's like you're making ready. It's not like you're just sitting when He find it. What does he find? He finds a good thing. You find favor. We bring the favor. Women don't realize that when you a man, a man finds you and connects with you. You are the favor to the relationship. And favor goes way beyond money. That's right. So it's like you wanna be, it's like I don't understand it, but it's like I found these things out later in life that I have value, that I have, I have a purpose. And again, a call. Y'all got Tam over here ministering to now Lauren, First of all, don't say Lauren need it because you do a lot of, a Lot. They what? They Don't understand. I promise you don't receive it. No, no, no, no, no. I don't receive it from text. I receive it from you.


She text a man of scripture, Proverbs 1821 talking about a life and death in the power of the tongue eater. What? That's True. Big brother's. I did not send that to. Okay. Wait, did you send that scripture? I would never send boy higher Because why would y'all play in front of God face like that? Y Okay. I would never send a proverb talking about my best eater. My pastor would have your tongue. Help me Lord. Help us Lord. See, that was too easy of a joke. She just laid it out there. That's why You know what you're doing. I was waiting. But don't. But well don't take that. Well you, I don't. But just, just know what you want. And it's okay to have standards And it, but you said that you realized later in life about your value, right?


Yeah. But yes. But it takes time for you it to get to a certain point where you feel like, okay, now I'm ready to enter back into things. Yes. I just feel like some men don't understand where you're taking that time. Now that doesn't mean that you're lonely or without, it's just You know you need that time. I stepped away from something. See, that's the, I needed that time, The process when y'all said for her taking her time for Heal. That's the healing process right there. So she is in the process of being healed The way she Looking at them. So y'all just have to, it's her way. Are you still dating you Healing Gho This weekend? So honestly, what's that? What's I Got eaters. I be with the Ho I'm so sorry for them though. That's Okay.


Brought y'all into this And I did not know. It's Okay. You know what, But as long as You know Yeah, I know what's going on. And I Know these guys are y'all stop teasing her. Thank You. Why you gonna come here and try to mama somebody? I'm just old. I'm just old. I'm, I'm the oldest in here. I'm 58. But I did take time before I started dating. I took a, I took a lot of time 'cause it was a long relationship that I was in. And then I got back outside and that's, and now here come these two I see, I see God working on it. God got his hand on Working on You know Hand On Me is one of my, that's titles That's right. Hand on hand on me. Because you Don't need to have hands around the, the His Throat. What? The Way he got his foot on My, he need to choke on it. What? But I have a song on that's called Power. Talking about the power of God.


You should listen to it. I'm like, that's right. That's a good one. The power is really just talking about how, just how the Lord, it just maneuvers and how his power just happens over things and to just how he just holds us. I mean, it's just amazing how God just really protects us when we don't know that we being protected. We think we out here doing it ourselves, but the Lord is, is really shielding us. So it's just Right. It's just really a blessing to be able to bring good You. know my hope is that it's good music and people can be healed and have inspiration from it. I was gonna ask about, Lord I trust you. Right. 'cause You know to to, to what you're speaking about now. You say, when the sun's not shining down on me, when the chaos is overwhelming, my peace from my life is spinning outta control.


When I lose my grip, And, I start to let go. Lord, I trust you. How hard is it to put your trust in God when things aren't going well? When, when you don't see no light at the end of the Time? It could be, it could be hard to me. That's when I have a real good cry. Mm. I just get in my, I I get in my car a lot. 'cause my car to me, it's like I can get away from everything. And. I don't have to hear anything. It's like that. But in my closet, it's like a prayer closet and in my car. But it's like, because God, it's like I don't understand what's happening right now. This last year and a half, half of things and tr things coming to me. Like, I can't believe that I'm in this situation. I can't believe that I'm having a fight just to prove who I am. And I. And I've thought I was doing that, but it's like, okay Lord, I trust you.


I I trust that you going handle it. And then that's when the Psal two came for me, working for me. That the Lord just gave me a stamp of approval. You may not see me at work, but I'm working in your behalf that he's working for me. Bless you. Thank you. So it's just, I I just take comfort in knowing that he's my guide and he's my help. He's my present. Help in the time of Storm that even when I don't see and nobody else is around, he's there. And, I can go to him. And I ain't gotta worry about him. My business being in the street. That's why testimony is so important though, right? Yes. Because I I like to hear other people's stories and what they've been through and what they became. The overcoming of it. That's right. The overcoming Of that was your last album Overcome the Overcoming Sure. Was overcome. And, and that's the thing is, and the Lord has allowed me to finish the work even to the, to extent of even with my body.


I finally found, I, I reached the gold of like even the weight loss that I was trying to do. So, but to even spiritually become a, a writer like I wrote on, it's like I gave direction on every song on this album. So it's like things that I'm proving to myself and showing like, Lord You know, I I wrote the plan down And I. I'm following through with a plan And working for me. That was your 11th number one, right? Yes. Congratulations. So you broke the record of all time. Number one, gospel And gospel music. Wow. Congratulations. Congratulations with her mentor Kurt Kirk. We're tired. Yeah, we're tired for Number one. We're tired. But And I, I didn't, I mean you don't see this stuff coming. You hope people gonna like the music and enjoy it. But it's like when it happened, I don't even look at the charts y'all.


They have, they tell me she, she Never know Working For me. You lean into the country music This. Yeah. So I know And I know Kirk Franklin is known for dibble, dabbling different beats and sounds and stuff like that. Have you thought about like what You know it would be like for you to do other styles or bringing other styles like the RB or like anything secular but making it gospel kind of how he does a bit? Well I Kind of have some them ballads that's close to I would say maybe r and b. I've had a little R Rra MB rmb and then, And we did do a love project us against The. World that I did. Like I have a song that's called Fields. I sang a song that's called Feel Like It is really a straight r and b song.


We didn't push it, but I think it would've really did well. But I just didn't want people to think that I was trying to do r and b mu music. That I still wanna stay in my genre. 'cause I feel like, again, like I said earlier, we all have a, a part, a part to play. And really, she was afraid of what people were gonna And I saying worried about what people were gonna say And. I did. I was, I was, I was very fearful and it wasn't like I was fighting them, but I was dragging my feet. Right. It's like I feel like if I can hear whatever, I could sing whatever You know. Like when you say the country music, it's like I'm country y'all, y'all hear it in my, just how I talk. But I know about the chickens and the hogs. You know I was raised actually in the country. So it's like those things to me was, it's like I've been stretched and people just don't, I I think once you hear, a lot of times we only listen to people's single that they have out.


But we really don't go listen to the body of work. The Whole project. Right. And even with, even with the, the, the, the love the project project we did, she was afraid like of what people were gonna think. I'm in the studio, I got my chest hairs, And, I got my sunshade. I'm doing my best r and b. Oh, you was ready. What? I mean let the lights down. Pull the Lights, the lights down. I had my shades on. I was doing my, yeah. And she was like, just have, I said, that is not how you sing. But then realized she was afraid of what the church crowd was going to You know think of her. But once I thought about it, it's like I'm singing to the love of my life. I'm singing to him. I'm not singing for y'all per se. I mean thank God for everybody. But I was singing to him and the song is, you make me feel like I'm on top of The World.


And when it's the truth he does. So it's like when you hear this song, it's like, it just brings it all to life of like me talking straight to him or him You know feeling. Like when he touch me, it just, it's just how I feel when I he he still gimme me goosebumps. So it like, I feel how I feel. Babe, don't do that. Don't I? Because you're not, you don't do that. You know if I Touch you don't do that right now. What Was wrong with that though? Y'all marry. Why can't two marry people have that? It's True, but it's just the society that we live in. Yeah. It's like how people, we can be judgemental. We could be the most loving, but we also can be the most judgemental when it comes to Christian people. I don't understand that about Christianity. I'm not gonna lie. I also not judge one of the first things they teach the animals giving the people And.


I. It's not And I love being on this side. But I don't know why we are like that. I have no idea. But it's, it just, it does have to be a separation though, y'all. It has. It's just You know there. This just has to be, I wouldn't come and look for you to do certain things just like you probably wouldn't expect for me to do certain things. And it's not judgemental. You just, it's just like what you've represented. You just, that's just kind of like, like with your parents. It's like sometimes even some kids, like our kids like to talk about sex. They don't want us to talk about sex. But yeah, we have sex. We have Sex. So it's like, but it's just like people Don't want, well we know we make love People. We do. And people don't wanna hear certain things from certain people. Yeah.


So it's not, I don't think all of it is, I would say judging it is just you just, mm. I might start old saying, what would Jesus do? Could you see him just pull back on on one? Yes. Get outta No, he wouldn't smoke some weed. Yeah. Get out there to burning bush. Absolutely. Bush burning Bush was to bring a message. Didn't you say that to save you again? His father created marijuana. The burning bush was not for use. Him smoking. No, the bush was being burnt to show as a sacrifice. Question Miss Man. It ain't sacrificed in the bush that I'm talking about. No they not. No. They cooking Greens. God creates everything for a purpose. God created marijuana.


It did. But, but it, it wasn't for us to, to be like joyous Around get as far healing. Now I do believe there is a medical purposes. Healing. It's healing. It's for healing. It is not for us to just be like, Whoa, I'm gonna go get, I'm gonna go get one For And. I'm just in my clap now. 'cause I got people, I, this young man, I ain't gonna mention his name, but he said, mama man, I love your album. And when I'm there, man, I'm going straight to church. It's like, but he high This garage. Listen to man, He high though. He said, man, he said, I had the best church. I said, I said, come On, you almost say his name. I said, come on nigga You know you. He said, but he said it true though. He said, I just have better church. When I'm, when I done smoke, he Get high. He listen to your album and go to church. He is going listen to the church.


Church. He, You gotta meet people wear they as, I think Jesus getting high with all his disciple love. And she loves you. I love, I love him. I sit, sit on the sit and talking To him on the phone. I mean, I take time. I take time with people. 'cause it's like, once you really get to know me, I really am a mama. Mama and I'm a aunt, auntie. So it's like, and I'm for everybody. Like You know, I love to cook for everybody. So Mama man's kitchen is another thing that, that I'm doing. But it's just, I just love people. And, I just love. I just feel like I should be able, we should be able to rap and talk about everything. Y'all don't think Jesus got high? I Don't. I'm gonna push you out that seat. Listen, why do you think all them people thought he was walking on water? Yeah, don't cook. But nigga, nigga, he turned the water in the wine. So that's the alcohol. But I, and he turned the fish bowl, the fish and the bread.


He, he multiplied for everybody that comes the munch. That's the munchies man. I, no man, man, that is the munchies. I see why you always on here. Come on, Come on Lauren, get this. This is, I'm with you. This is your Time. You know what I'm doing. I'm allowing him to jump off the cliff on his own and we just gonna watch him go down. Jesus know my heart. He working on me. All he need to say You know my heart and he working on me. Still Help Me Lord. Live, Breathe, Fight. Y'all live breathing, sitting there like I can't believe some of the stuff he say keep living, keep because sometimes He talk so like, Like You be telling him he talk too much. No, No, no. He says it's so aggressive and with so much force that you think is true. Right? He been up here for 15 years talking About you saying, right, the burning bush was dead.


Jesus was smoking a burning bush. It was not. So there's a lot of people out there listening and you, Jesus was smoking a burning bush. Don't get You. know You know. Even count. That's what I'm saying. You know. He was a real believer. Like You know, You know the word You know that bush was not God. The most high. What's wrong with man? He's the mo on something. You better too. You better people out there that agree and listen to him. They do. And you, that's Misleading. And you stop that Augusta, mama, me, God, if I did anything wrong, You know my heart, God to the all of us get struck. Lemme leave. Lemme leave in the building.


Right? Can we play some records off this album? Please? What you wanna hear right now, Lauren? What you wanna hear? Deserve working for me? Deserve to Win is my my new single. Yes. Lauren, You wanna hear that? Deserve to win. Yes. It's a good, you deserve to win Lauren. Matter of fact, let's play both because I don't know if I might go to hell after what I just said. So let's play both just in case. Wait, he said what? Both. Play both. Oh, let's do working for me and the early one. Don't try to bring God on in here. Double talk now. Now you see it. Double You were just smoking with God now. You ain't, won't he. He's working for us tonight. You gotta see a prayer before we get up outta here. Father God, we thank you for this day.


We thank you for this opportunity to be before your people. We actually just bless us, Lord God. Bring inspiration, understanding to all of us, God in every area that we need and touch those that are having problems for us in their minds, Lord God, to just bring and lift every weight off of us. Oh God, we just give you glory for this opportunity. Thank you for The Breakfast Club. Thank you for what they bring for our people and we give you glory for everything that you're doing. Jesus name, amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We appreciate you for joining us. Always a pleasure, man. Thank you so much. Thank y'all. Pick up the album out right now. Live Breathe, Fight. Fight. And remember, Keep living, keep breathing, keep fighting y'all. God did not smoke the burning bush. He did not. He was. It was. That's not it. It was for sacrifice.


Come on, get Out of there. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Get it's The, Breakfast Club the morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey everyone. Jake story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast. Wake and Jake, I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it. New episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jack B. Thomas, the host of a brand new black effect original series Black Lit, the podcast for diving deep into the rich world of black literature. Black Lit is for the page turners for those who listen to audio books while running errands or at the end of a busy day from thought provoking novels to powerful poetry. We'll explore the stories that shape our culture. Listen to Black Lit on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma Go. Our podcast Hungry for History Is Back. And this season we're taking an England bigger bite out of The most delicious food and its history. Seeing that the most popular cocktail is the Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.