
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Life is an act of constant revention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We have Mandii B n Weezy from Horrible Decision, but they changed the name. Thank you. Thank you. It is Decision Podcast. That possible. No. Yes it is. Now it it is absolutely possible. You can delete your wholeness. You grow up, you can move to a different city where no one knows you and then you change your work to the grocery store. They said, Hey, you can't delete it. Well, good morning ladies. Good morning. Good morning. Why Y feeling? Why did y'all change the name for the coins Charla?


Oh, not only that, when we started Horrible Decisions, we were 26 years old. I was still in college. I was in my last year of college. Weezy. We were both in corporate and we was kind of living life doing, doing all the things and we just kind of, yeah, in your whole phase. We was in our whole phase. Okay. I think everyone has a whole phase and now we're out of it. Okay. And we just, you know, are growing with our audience. Okay. And growing with the, with the dollars. To be fair. Doing this book though, you know, I was telling people like, I wanna do Drew Barrymore, I wanna do this and that. And I just can't see them saying whore, you know, especially not Drew Barrymore. She not both of, oh no. Couch. Drew Barrymore goes Silver Barney though. And I now she, she might be like, and why did you guys feel the need?


It's okay to be a whore. She might, should, should said that. But no Emini here with growth and with also wanting to be respected as an author. I feel like for the people that don't know us, everybody that like is in the podcast world understands our evolution. And I think that's when we started to gain our respect to know that, sure, we talk about sex, but it lasted so long. We've been able to catapult into all these different ventures. But a new person, I feel like they gonna be like, eh. How you feel about your fans? Like how you think the fans took it like that. Y'all took the Horrible off. I think the fans love it. I think the core fans are happy. I think the casual fans just found a way to get angry at you. Like, people get very excited if they think something bad is going on. You know what, Emini here, like literally the second they saw that horrible would be going behind a pay wall.


It's like, oh, they fight. And Charlotte don't want that. I heard them with them like, you know, it's, they can't wait to feel that. And Mandii And I, being that we've been colleagues for so long and we've had on air mess and things like that, I feel like that was the sexiest part of the story. When really now we're so much older. It's like, okay girl, Mandy's celibate. Right? You still celibate? Oh, Oh yeah. Nah, it's over. I ain't, I started the year off Jesus, you know, with a bang. I Just seen you a couple of months ago. I was celibate when I saw, I seen in the club. She was like, yo e I'm celibate. Fuck that. I'm starting over. That wasn't even a couple months ago. That was a few weeks Ago. It was. It was a couple weeks ago. That was your magic city moment. Gee, that was, yeah. I love how you said club. You could let them know we were magic city. It was a magic city. It was a magic city.


Celibate. See, Magic city. Yo. That's the first thing she told me. It wasn't like e has a family said, yo, what up E I'm celibate now. I was like, huh. Huh. What made you break the celibacy? VI Saw somebody cute. So it wasn't even relationship Jesus, you was already with or celibate can't be deleted. Jesus, It's Emini here. It was intimate. It was sensual. We kissed and cuddle. Have you seen him since? He doesn't live in my state. So he's flying to see me. Yes. Wow. Put it on a night stand or something. No, no, no. We're about to go to the second stand. No, I'm saying when y'all first did, was it a one night stand? The second stand?


What? What? What's the first stand? The first stand was great. It was when I saw him. Did So y'all didn't date, y'all just you seen him? No. Okay. Now, now You gotta explain you. I'm just not celibate anymore. Okay. Alright. And this is what the book is about, about liberation growth as women getting what you want. Did You meet him at, at Magic City That night? No, I met him on an island. Ooh. So you know where my Mandii At? What island? St. Croix. Oh. Which was absolutely. So you was On vacation and you let one of the island boys Yes. Man. See Uhuh don't do that. But now I do see why women go to islands and it was, it was great. Now you see that And I see, I see that twice. Lemme tell You, they booked us to go to hedonism. If no one's ever heard of this.


I've been there. Ain't been there. We Know you been there. We know you've there twice. I had didn't, I wasn't dating at anybody at the time. So I'm like, let me just bring somebody. Fine. I know. So there was a ball player that I knew And I was like, just come. He was in Europe, he was off season, he got there. He wasn't even, he's not crazy basketball player at tall. But he was six five dark-skinned fit. When I tell you, every white woman with her husband. Oh. And they pay having Sex before we in the bushes. In a bush. In a Bush. But no, that's why if you like I, I went to hedonism break down, station it down to work radio station. I used to work for Williams at WBLS. They used to do radio station trips. Hedonism. So hedonism is a nudist resort. Parts of it. And they have like hammocks hanging from the trees.


You can have sex in hammocks. Yeah. You can have sex all over the, the whole facility if you want to. Yeah. Is it a lot of you got mirrors on the ceiling? No disrespect, but is it a lot of like overweight white women? No, No. We, well we went no Fast during a black weekend. Yeah. There's Different weekends. Okay. Okay. That you could go like, I'm hosting Hido Labor Day weekend with black travel. So when a group takes over it, like we got lucky, but then there was a few parts of the place. They were like, we come every weekend. It was like, oh. But yeah, the white couples definitely go to get Jamaican Jamaican Pink. By the way, the funniest part of this, I always tell this story. 'cause so first of all, he's already having sex in the bush. We just check in. I'm like, I'm done with him already. So there's a nude side and a prude side, right? That's right.


Yep. So we were Saying goes. Yep, yep. That's Right. That's right. So prude side means you can keep your clothes on. So you know, when you're at a resort, you know how they be having the buffets or whatever. So I'm hungry. I go to get a pizza. I'm already irritated with him. 'cause all he doing is sleeping with people in the bush and I'm trying to get some pizza. I'm ordering this pizza and the security guard comes up and saying, ma'am, you have to be naked on this side. I'm like, I gotta get naked just to eat. He's like, yeah, how long, how long is your food gonna take? I had to literally take off my pajamas, hold them in my hand and sit there naked and wait for food. And I was like, this is the worst place ever. When I say I loved it. So when is it? Because I left it, When did it become what trafficking Pay. I know trafficking.


That's way No, Mandii And I were booked for it. Like, you know, like we, we were out there and just like, and we had a great time, but Oh, I've gone out there with friends. When you going out there out of It, you Can't. And they pay you. Like these, these couples be paying, like you, you might be out there and you might holler at a woman and she might be like, hold on, I'm go get my husband. Or they might come up to you and be like, I'll get $1,500 if you let, if you let my husband watch us have Sex. Now see we didn't get offered for those type of things. Oh no, Charlotte, were they? Oh yeah. Hundred percent. So maybe it's the men. The men should go out there, there and make some money Then. So Lady came up to you and wanted to see you smash your husband. First of all, let's put this in context. This was like 2006, 2007. I was on the balcony And I was like, you, you know your girl like you.


Yep. And she's like, hold on, lemme go get my husband. And then she was like, listen, we can do it, but my, I but my husband gotta a watch. That type of thing. Oh wow. That type of thing. So after you knock it off. No, I did knock it off. Oh, okay. I did not knock it off. No, man. So that's the thing that really kind of makes that whole thing beautiful. As much as I'm joking about it, all of this is normal for these people in this world. You know what Emini here, like a lot of the things we talk about, even as normal to us, if I say my man And I are going on a date with somebody, people looking at me like I'm crazy, but this is normal for me. So when I'm in hedonism and I'm watching cuck holding going on, which is really what it is, this is normal for them. And they like to be amongst they people. I just, they happen to be one of the people that wanted to get pizza with clothes on. Excuse me. So yeah, no, it's a No for me. Y'all ain't change nothing but the name don't do that.


That's, that's it. Literally, We're growing. We're Growing. I'm trying to think mine, what, besides this blazer, what's the biggest rebrand thing of me? I I, I will say this. I think now I'm so over communicative. We're in the beginning of horrible decisions. I wasn't talking about exactly what I wanted, my feelings, even the type of sex that I wanted to have, like situation ships. I was falling into 'em all the time. I think as you evolve and you get more comfortable with yourself and who you are, that's when it hits. I actually don't think that could happen before 30. I'm be honest. I think you could try to get close to it, but there's something that happens at 30 where it just clicks. You're like, oh no, this is, This is no 30. You, you look better, you feel better, you make more money, you know a little bit more of what you want.


You done dealt with enough men in your teens and twenties that now you can be like, okay, I don't want that, but this is what I want. Do y'all want my activist relationship? No. Y'all want Marriage. Anybody want marriage? Yeah. I don't. Do you want a monogamous relationship? Not monogamous, but Emini here. Of course I want marriage. I'm like, What? What Am Listen, if we're not gonna have sex with a nanny, what's the point? No Emini here. Yeah, go ahead. Emini here. I don don't. But Why not? Why, Why, why not Mono not monogamy. Both Of you. Yeah. Why start with you just Doesn't fit my lifestyle. Like I, I've, I've been known for having a boyfriend and a girlfriend since I've been 20 years old. Like, it's, it, it's, Is it a matter of what you're known for or what you want though? It's a difference. We had a conversation about this last night.


I did a podcast where I mentioned that I believe Mandii And I have done this so well. 'cause we really lived this life. And a lot of times what's kind of hurt me from the public is people say, oh, you're just doing that to keep him. Or you let your man have sex with someone else because you wanna keep them. And it's like, you think I'd be doing this for eight years if I really didn't enjoy this? I honestly have fun with it. And I feel like when I'm dating someone that's more monogamous, mainly when I date religious men, they look at me like I'm trash. And I know, oh, you Dated religious men. Why would you do that? You know, a little Jesus freak. I never do That again. Do and what about you, man, At the, at phenomen monogamy. I wanna throw that word in there. What's that? Yeah. So that's where like consensual, it's consensual. There's like, there are boundaries you are communicating and it's, it's under the umbrella where you could be poly open.


Like there's, you could be swingers. There's all these different labels underneath ethical non-monogamy. For me, I like men and women And I don't want to not be able to experience both. Gotcha. Off of that. So when Y'all dating bisexual men, and the reason I ask that, who was up here and they said that it wouldn't bother them. Damn. Doci, DOCI. Doce. I heard Doci Talk about it Do said she wouldn't. Would y'all mind? It wouldn't bother me. No. Not at all. I don wanna see it. And for Me it's a caveat. Yeah. So the thing that attracts me to women is their femininity. Like I've never dated a stud. Right. And no disrespect to studs. I just Never, you aint on the stud because You feel like you man righty Punky came on horrible. I was like, I don No. Yeah, she cooking His stuff. Bri grinder, the only stud. I I, we all got one. I want Brittany Griner.


That's it. That's the only One. But as far as men, I love the masculinity of men. And so if I was dating a bisexual man that maybe like a homo thug I could do. That's what I'm saying. Like I, they're so masculine, So crazy. Homo gimme one Of them. Atl Like So you wouldn't mind. But he just gotta be a thug. You want a thug on a thug. There's Also levels to it. Right. So I really truly believe every man has had some sort of experience. I Think everybody a little gay. For real. For real kid. You a little, all men are a little bit another Define a little gay. Like What does that mean? They're like, there's a, there's a, there's a spectrum. The kinzie scale. Everyone is not all the way fully straight or fully gay. Can I look that up? One line? Yes. K-K-I-N-S-D-Y. Little gay. Like a little gay. Like you can, you can even, and it could be as little as you can actually admit that another man is attractive or a good looking man.


Or You could have a three. Why does man be classified as Gay? Why can't this be? Well, because it's, it's the attraction to the same sex at is different. But, but no, You could say a man is handsome but attractive means So You Say man is handsome. You did, you did. You Do have men that won't even do that. Then I think, you know, there's so many men that would say they ran trains in high school. There's another man that wouldn't get naked in front of em. I never liked trains. Yeah. Train. That's like there is levels. I don't think that's cake by the way. That's why I said a little Gay. If you don't stick your penis in a male that's not gay. But Why you and another man are enjoying all y'all got y'all. Nicks out Standing. Is it pretty?


Did you hear what I Just say? What? It's not gay. It's not gay If you stick your penis in the mail. No, I said it's not gay. No, You not sticking your penis in the mail. So it's, you hear What you wanna hear sounded. You said it's not Gay. If you stick a penis, That's you not gay. Your ears are Gay. So envy. As long as it's oral then no it's fine. Okay. No a hand job. No. Okay. I just, Okay, I'm looking at the kinzie scale. See It's A real thing. It says X, no social, no socio sexual contacts or reactions. Zero is exclusively heterosexual. One mostly heterosexual only slightly homosexual. Two mostly heterosexual, but more than slightly homosexual. Three equally heterosexual and homosexual, bisexual. Four mostly homosexual, but more than slightly heterosexual.


Five. Mostly homosexual, only slightly heterosexual. And six is all homo child. Us about a five. I swear. Days wave you was Straight or gay. That's a lot. That's a lot. A lot. Yeah. Now by the way, I have a friend of mine, his name is Christopher. And on New Year's, five, six years ago, I'll never forget, I kissed him like, oh God, he's gay. Kiss him. He looked at me and he was like, you bitch, I am gay. Gay. And now you ruined it. He's A six. He's a little six. He's a six. When I tell you he was really upset with me, I was like, I'm so confused. I just thought you're having fun. He's like, no, no, no, no, no. I am not gold star. He's like, I didn't even have, I came from a C-section, I'm platinum. Mm.


He was like, are you, kiss me, you ruined This. You messed him up. Now he fell a little Straight. That's messed up. That's who I would define as a six. I Know one thing Toronto might have to re six that six thing. Knowing that six, knowing that six is the highest on the kinzie scale. That's funny. Exclusively homosexual. If you're a six, that's what it says. I feel like you all the way gay. No Was gonna say that. You gimme hot straight girl that got one lesbian afraid and she be doing this. She be like, nah bitch That yeah, that that's me. But I ain't gonna lie. Back in the day, yeah, I had a couple gay experiences. Yeah, like kiss a little bit more to kiss. But you know. Yeah, I, I dated a stud for like a little minute until I found out she was married and she ended up being a fucking clown.


Oh, You number two And then number. Yeah, mostly we heterosexual, but more than slightly homosexual. Not that It might be a little three because She, it's Three. See she dated a stud. So that always tells me like you kind of are the straight girl. That's like where you could dive Into it because I don't, I don't find like the, the femes to be at attract. Like yeah you're beautiful to me, but I'm not, I wouldn't be attracted to a feminine girl like it is like I get it. Nah, I don too soft. No, for me, I like that. I like you. But y'all Have the same crush too. Who? Y'all too Mandii. You and Manny at the same crush. Brittany who I think a lot of people have a crush on her. Doesn't everybody want? Yeah. And until I call, until I heard her call herself pops, I'm like, dang. Oh no. What's wrong with pops?


Nah, there's Certain things that you could say that make you just instant Corny. It's like, no, I thought You said You like masculine energy. You see what Emini here. I don, I'm saying like, well she Already got the voice of God Emini here that like the old Allstate nigga. But Emini here, I just, you know, she, she ain't like when she was doing the interview and Shane ain't like when somebody was like, the girl was like, oh you about to be a mom, you about to, you know? And she was like, nah, pops like, and she got seriously I remember that. Yeah. I was like, I Damn. But I, but I wouldn't just assume that if I never heard her say that. Like I wouldn't have said Congratulations, yo, your mom. I wouldn't just be like, yo, congratulations like you pops now. Because I think that that would offend her. Right. But she was offended at her being called mom.


Gotcha. So, you know, I just, I told Brittany damn called Brittany daddy. I would, lemme tell you something. When I, when all that stuff was going on, I was like, we gotta get her out. We gotta get her out. But I'm Okay with still having as the crash. I'm, I'm okay with letting her go. Mandii can't have it because my boyfriend looked just like us. So that's Jesus Christ. That is crazy. Sorry Chris. Dang. Listen, as someone that also has a pretty boyfriend, I know how it feels. I went and took him to a show and it was a lesbian show. It like, literally like a queer comedy night. And she was like, oh yeah, I saw you were there with your girlfriend. I was like, that's a man. And he just got dread and he pretty see it sucks, but it's great at the same But You man gives slight shooter though. No, he do give shooters. It's A slight shooter.


Shooter. Pretty shooter Shooter. Shooter, right? Yeah. He gives slight shooter too. Yeah. But he's a hotep. It's weird. Like he Looks like, but he's a what? He's a hotep. A hot tip. A hot tip. A hot Tab. Emini here. He makes I'm, we're fasting right now. I'm so, I'm about to die on this table. He's, we fast. He The fuck is a hot tap? A hot tap? You don't know what a hot tap is. What the fuck is a hot, the hot taps out. Can't take it no more. Okay. That is deep. What? It's, that is not what it's fuck the way envy. This is, there's no way that this hasn't crossed over to you. Ahoe tap. What the fuck is a hot tap? I don know who charm man. I feel like with a hot Tap out. I know what a hott tap is. I don know what Ahoe tap is, but I know what hot tap is. It's a hot tap. Okay. I'm being, I'm being facetious. But What's the hot tip? A hot tap is like, you know, one of them like, oh, meditative, like all pro black power to the people.


Like we could be doing X, y, Z, But like the fuck hoses. Yo, we still on the whole part. Oh no. Whole part of it. That's it to be. Do you know who 19 keys is? No. 19 keys. That's my favorite Ho Tap. I joke also Like saying that would be a yes. Yes. I, and So she's dating, it's An Egyptian word that means to be at peace. It does Mean at peace. Which was what? 19. But y'all said ho tap. So I'm just thinking something. Of course you are. Of course you are. And Talk Together. So with Decisions. Decisions, is it less sex talk? Like is it less? Yeah. Yeah. We we're leaning more into the conversations around relationships. So non-traditional relationships, non-monogamy, all the ways that you don't have to go about the traditional way of dating and pursuing love essentially.


'cause us growing up, what is it? Get married, have kids live happily ever after. Correct. That's not everyone's reality, But it's cool 'cause we were diving into history, which we always kind of did during horrible. But now it's fun. Like we're talk, we talk about the history of romance. The first date even the history of romance is dope. I was, when we were talking, It's the first date, Like how the first date was different. There had to be a male caller at your home knocking on the door, asking your parents, they were supervising you. Oh, I'm an idiot. I thought you meant like y'all documented the first date ever. Oh Yeah. You said history. We ended up in a time machine. How It evolves over time. Even the history of romance. How, you know you marry for like you Talking to some dumb hoes right here.


I'm not ahoe. Okay. I retired a long time ago. Me Too, Matthew, you just Dub me too. Now the history of the romance shit was crazy because it basically, romance was a sickness and they believed when people were in battle or in war, they would start a war over love. And they were like, oh yeah, you can't fall in love. So that's why you would marry for agriculture, socioeconomic stuff. And it's just fun to dive into this because we already have been talking about sex and dating so long. So now we just get to go back and people enjoy learning about stuff with us. And I, and we're not scholars. So that's what makes it fun To be not I also So now you got a book coming out as well? We Do, we do. Under Charlemagne's imprint. What's the Name of the book? No hos borrowed. It's a dual man.


So any Hole? No hobar. Okay, listen. All of em. All right. It's a dual manifesto of sexual exploration and power. And so we each dive into our journeys as women. I did a lot of diving in therapy, like going all the way back to like my childhood as to maybe why I date the type of men I date. What type of men do you My views Emini here. Everything. That's not my daddy. So non short Jamaicans. God, Jesus, Jesus. But I, I go into that and even as, as early as me, like talking about my journey of having anal sex and how I used to think any man that wanted it was was gay. It was a five because I was like, well why would you want the back hole when there's another hole in?


So I, I want Five. Oh that was funny. The kinzie scale. I thought you meant like just me. No, but it was, it It like, it like goes through my journey of even like having to relearn and unlearn the things that aren't true. And then we even get deep and we talk about like our sexual assaults. I talk about my abortion when I was 16. So the one, the book is broken down is cool 'cause like when we get into that stuff. So it's pleasure, pain, progression and, and power. So like in the pain section, that's when abortion and sexual assault comes up. But there's also a story of a dude B-D-S-M-B-D Sm as well. Like tying me up, spanking me, choking me like Mandii getting electrocuted.


That's my favorite. I lost what when I trying to electrocuted it was man, great man gets electrocuted. I went, I went to a dungeon with my ex and we agreed to both do two things that we had never done before. So I, he agreed to put, allow me to put him in a chastity belt, which took some time 'cause he kept growing and he couldn't grow in order to lock him in. And then I allowed him to do electroshock inside of me with a tool. Which means what happened To It was a dildo electric. Yeah. And so like, it like spawned all of these electro currents inside of me and it was the best feeling. It felt like almost like an alien. I was like, I'm never gonna feel this again.


It felt like eight tongues inside of me giving me oral at once. It was, it was the best feeling. I was like, I, this ain't a normal feeling. You gotta get. It was great though. So This is why you can't be one person. One person can't just be going All well, but to be honest, I don't ride. I don't ride. So I would love for my partner to be able to experience everything he wants to experience that I'm not down there. But you mean don't ride? I don't get on top. Why Not? Lemme go get you somebody acrobatic it. You mean You can be electrocuted but can but I ain't Getting on top, but I ain't getting on top. Nope. Dang. It takes more effort I guess. Oh yeah. I just came back from Carnival and the way them girls were whining they hips and doing all the splits. I said, my man deserves to experience a woman that flexible. It ain't me though. Isn't that a position of power for women though?


When they on up when Yeah, When what? In my opinion, And it's the strongest warrior. Good. That's great that y'all receive it that way. You ain't got no rhythm. No. No. Oh me, I'm half white. No, you All after Jamaican. I knew it. I I know. So it goes, it goes both. It goes both. It goes both. You know, I do a little bit of, of everything. Okay. All right. Well what, What makes you have an orgasm? Oh, penetration. Which is why I can't be fully gay. Like, And I want, I want a, a member a with a pulse That is literally gayness. This is all No, no, no. I want is Girl, it ain't right here. I don't want no, Not like that. I want you ain't had the right girl. But I like a man body. There's so many things I like about Man. A girl couldn't knock you off with a strap on though, right?


Yeah, no, it needs to have a pulse. I like the finishing. What comes from girls? Girls Have pulses. Oh, you mean the strap on? No, the Strap on it is just, she Said that she likes the finish And I like the, I like, I don't like, I like rap either. Like when I had a girlfriend we maybe once in a blue used them for fun and after a while he was like, ah, nah. Yeah, it just something about it maybe because her And I both slept with men before, it's just like, nah, that's not what we hear. Oh yeah, no. And I like the finish, The finish feel. I always felt that toys. So something I talk about in the book even is like, I realized after having a girlfriend that gay sex, as far as lesbian sex is that we see is really for the male gaze. Mm. It is not that sexy. It's not that pretty. Sometimes you be rubbing your coup should be on the neck arm.


It's like you start rubbing stuff everywhere. It's not exactly what we think it is. Nothing Crazy than watching two lesbians with a scrap on and one of 'em sucking the scrap on. And the person that got the scrap on is moaning. Yeah. That's a form of mental illness man. Because sex is sex. Sex is actually 90% psychological, but you Moaning while nobody sucking a scrap on. Okay. So no one moans when they suck you. But it's a strap on. But I'm not feeling anything by giving it to you. And I'm, I may be moaning that I'm, I got the scrap on what the young ma Tony, you what? Go ahead. Go back to y'all. What ma Young ma right now. But I'm just saying it just seems s Right After you finished sucking, I could take it off and throw it in the club.


So I think that's what he's saying. Like how, Okay. But it's like you could be having phone sex and won't. And like she said, it's visual. If you giving moan, there's something about the action and also keeping In mind. But how I moan, I got a strap on or somebody something Strap on. This is because it's sexy watching you do it. This is all BDSM. Right? Oh, so you're being in the dominant position. That's how people wearing it get off. It's like they know that you're on your knees, you're being submissive, humiliate, whatever the word is. So that's where they're getting a turn on from. Got you. What was your crazy sexual experience if that was her getting electrocuted? What's yours? Hers is nasty. Oh, Hers is nasty. Oh Wait, it, oh no, it, it actually can't go on radio, but I'll Just say, oh wow. We put it behind the Paton.


Go ahead. Okay. You real? Y'all got a Paton? This ain't going on YouTube. They don't have a Paton. She said, okay, It'll be on YouTube. She got something about blood girl. I Don. Yeah. See, Okay, here's what happened. Oh boy, my man Chop This up was just like, I, I think I was having a bad day And I was like, oh my God, you don't love me. I feel fat. You know bitch, just be complaining. I've dated them so I know. And he was like, why are you feeling like that? Why do you feel like, just 'cause you're on your period. I don't love you, I'm not attracted to you. And I was like, I just feel that way. And we were in the car and he put the car in park and he said, put your fingers inside of yourself.


I'm like, no. And then he did it. He ate it and he said, you think I love you now? And it was like, it was like Saltburn Vapi And got his motherfucker Is no way to be prime. Now you broke up with that man.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music has got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


What You mean? You my man right now? Damn man. You ain't to put him out there like that said he blood brothers now. But why? God damn. I would say He from Brooklyn, right? He vampire from Brooklyn. From from Brooklyn. Bronx. Vampire. From the Bronx. God dang it. But You know what it is? That's really dope about it. Yes. You're listening to this right now watching this. You're like, this is disgusting. But I think it's just that when you have no boundaries with someone, it's sexy. Y'all gotta get married. Oh of course We are. You just told everybody on the radio, I I hate you out on your period. We gotta get married now. Not just out said it was blood trickling drip. That is Not what she Said.


That what she did, she was a little bit, but I did put that in the book because I was like, yo, every time we re like you think you've reached a level sexually, you know something else. There's so, so many things on our list. But listen, I'm not judging. We definitely live a wholesome life. Like we, huh? I was saying We, I had a threesome with this woman. Went on a date with her. It was a wild night. So, so wholesome. And my father, he's in a, a nursing home right now and we had to make sure we were there in the morning to go see him. We got up, we're sitting there, he playing checkers and stuff. We looking at each other like, yeah, we really just fucked this bitch last night. Are we really here having this family moment? It's like our sex life is our sex life. We ain't bring your daddy no hoes. That's what he really needs.


That's crazy. That fuck the texts crazy. Daddy still married. Oh okay. That's up. What, what's funny about it? And your mama fine. Thank you. And she, she would love to hear that she know she loves you. She is. She went to go to Charlemagne's book tour and she was like, ah, he was looking at me And I was like, is it 'cause he knows who I am or he is looking at me girl. Okay. You know both. Ah, happy birthday mom By the way. She wedding. Oh, happy Born days. Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. What's Sunday? When is his birthday? The 13th. Oh sorry. It's the 14th. Okay. Happy whatever day is, I don't know. We're hoes. We Don't know. Have y'all ever been sexually? Never. Okay. Never Actually. What? And you said that so fast. Like I don't even look at her like that. Have y'all ever had sex at? We've Never. Okay.


Never. Why would you, you Really about to ask me why do people think that? Are you, are you serious? To be honest with, I don't feel like Mandii And I give the energy. Like we've been Never No, no, No, no. I've been listening to her for a long time. There was a point where I was like, yo, that gotta be some sexual, Definitely Bumping. I did Feel like that for a second. Yeah. No, Never. Oh my god. It's just y'all Emini here it No, no. Y'all don't seem like lovers at all or nothing like that. But Emini here. Oh, through this what all this y'all got in, in, in common and how y'all just so Well Mandii did watch me have sex and she reminded me. So we are sitting with the cops. I Didn't really watch. I was just on the bed. Okay, if now Dude that Hony you couldn't say Mandii, can you leave?


Oh no, no. I Was scared. No, She was scared because she met him at the club. We was like 16 using fake IDs down in Miami Memorial Day weekend. She found a guy she liked to club. Club. Yes. Yes. I thought fighting tell you's crazy about this 20 years. I forgot this story. Right. So we're talking, she forgot to our co Arthur and she's trying to dig stories out of us. So I said, you know, it's crazy. I've never had a one night stand. And Mandy's like, that's a lie. I'm like, no it's not. She's like, I was right there on the bed. Yeah. And I was like, oh, now anything pre titties I feel like don't count. See This is why see the wholeness can be deleted. She talking about prettiest, Like saying you can take miles off a car. Can't do that. No. It was like, yeah, it can't be literally Emini here. That was kind of back in the day.


Can you know like cell phone? I think we had sidekicks back then. Like it, it wasn't to where, you know, you had so much access. So she wanted to fuck him. So I was like, okay, I'm gonna sit at 16. I fake. Oh yeah. So To Miami, We drove to Miami, we lived in Orlando. I Just say we had no teen pregnancies. We lived up. You're lying. I had an abortion of 16. I said we didn't have a teen pregnancy. Oh yeah, I got rid of it first. How old was the guys? Clearly he, He was Emini here they were. 18, 19. I was like one, I'm not trying to be not in Miami At least 21. 21. 21 was in Miami bro. To be in a club in Miami is 21. And I for forgot they we, we have fake IDs. Fake IDs Though. You think they ain't got fake IDs? Mandii? Nah, they Was some legit, they were staying together just like he was Because you didn't even remember him.


Don't try to sit here and keep Him back. Back then everybody was staying with each other. Back then. Nobody had no money. It was like nine of us in. And It was no shame. No shame. Now you can't do that. He had money so he wasn't 19 'cause he had his own room. He wasn't shared with nobody. That wasn't no courtyard. It don't matter. Yo lemme tell you. Oh my goodness. When I was really reflecting, This is chaos, this, I thought this was gonna be way more different. You came in with a blazer I have on plaid. I don't understand how we're taking it here. Y'all wanted us to spice up y'all morning. See like let's go back to being What else? Okay, so what is trap house? Ooh girl, explain this. So I've been going to workouts in New York for almost a decade And I love Pilates inspired movement And I love lifting.


And so literally I went to a Pilates class. I'm not even joking, it was February this year. And I was saying to the instructor like, oh my god girl, that was such an amazing workout. Thank you. Like I needed some, like some trap or something. She's like, I'd never play that here. And made me feel so small. Like, damn. And I was like, fuck this bitch. Like I already was like, I'll make that shit. Yeah, that's dope. And I, and it's funny 'cause someone said to me when I made it, do you know Envy wants to do hip hop Pilates? Who told you that? Who? Maybe it was just someone I mentioned it To. I thought about it in a meeting they Mentioned to, I don, I don't tell nobody, especially not him, but I go to Pilates, right? Why do I care if you gonna to Pilates? Because I don't want you to pull up on me. Look at my ass when I'm out there. But anyway, look in your As looking at his ass.


You heard Lick? I said looking what's on your mind. See you little. He might be at three or four. But when you go to Pilates, there's never no music that you, there's no hip hop music And it's hard. You're shaking, you know what I'm saying? So literally my favorite genres of music of all time And I listen to everything is trap and house music. So I was gonna buy an apartment in New York, right? I had money. I was like, I got 150 k, I'll buy a million dollar house. And I was like, no, it's either that or start a business. So because I'm not a fitness and trainer, I had to, you know, partner with someone. And so I found my favorite instructor in New York. Black dude's name Jeff Blue. And I was like, yo, I want you to make this. And he literally was like, trap and Pilates. I'm like, I'm telling you dog.


And he did everything. We flew him to LA to learn lagree. That's the really hard kind and like training these instructors to do things that people have never done. So, and it's funny 'cause you'll see buff ass dudes come in here, can't do it shaking. They come in and they shaking like crazy and then they go on the other one and they're shaking. And then the little girls that are super tiny can't do lifting. So everybody's doing something different. But even as I've evolved, my partner Briana, she's like, all right, who's making the music? I'm like, me, I got good music today. She's like, that's not enough. She, so I had to get a music director and every step of the way I've tried to make this elevated. Wow. Just so a bitch can't knock, you know, when it's a black owned business. They'd be like, you ain't got this. Even the candles. I wanted $5 candles.


I'm like, gotta be little Lao. Every single thing I made that I wanted to be luxury. Especially 'cause you walking in there and you hear Jeezy talking about hot Cheeto. Like, it it get real ghetto. It Look like business is booming though from what I see on Instagram. I, I haven't been able to take a class because it's been so busy. Wow. I wait because of those. Congratulations that that's what's up when y'all come. Dope. That's what I said. I wanna do a group trip there. Right. And and you got to come to Charlamagne. You, you, He wants you to look, I I don't wanna be sexually harassed, but I want to take a group trip there and, and put everybody in Pilates for 50 minutes. Oh My God. I, it's hard, especially for the people that haven't done Pilates. Oh, I know. Oh, It's, I go, it's not easy.


I used to go four times a week, five times a week. My wife and my daughter, we go together. Oh, so You're gonna be good. Okay. It's it's Megaformer though. Yeah. Yeah. It's heavy. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's fine. We, we do it all. But I, I enjoy it. It, people don't know how difficult it is. It's, but how it helps you as well as far as strength is concerned. Yeah. Why if they don't either, the look of Pilates is skinny, blonde, white. Yeah. Honestly, I'm sitting here like I ain't never had a desire to do it. So I was making jokes like, oh we gonna open, we gonna have these white girls. They gonna be like, oh, what is Gucci mean Brick. Like, I really thought that was gonna happen. When I tell you all black women, it's mind blowing to me. I actually wasn't ready for that. But just TikTok, we were literally working out when I was in there the other day and it was BB none of my coochie.


I was like, this is crazy. None of my coochie Becky rat. Oh okay. Oh, y'all don't like her. I do like her Session. Like how did you promote it? How did you get the word out so fast? Okay, so I truthfully was really worried about strategy because I didn't know. So I posted myself making something cool. You know, when you can have a taste maker vibe, like people know I like to party, they know I like music. I thought that would work. It literally was just people. TikTok, we've never made one TikTok. It's just genuine. A girl's like listen That, that's why listen, that thing going away on the 19th about to hurt a whole lot of it's gonna affect the economy. Nah, you it like there's a lot of people that make money off of there too. MCC court's gonna buy it. Frank McCort and Project Liberty. But it's, you think there's nothing like that.


And I, And I always say the the the biggest business is makes people rich is, is to have something that nobody else has. Right. And there's so many minorities that love Pilate. I'm the only black guy. When I go, I'm usually the only guy when I go Dominican, I'm black. But when I do go, I hate the music. So the fact that I was there, the first thing I said, where is it? I want to go, you know what Emini here because I want to try it out because I would love to do it. 'cause it's already painful, right? You already trying to it focus it. But if I had the music that I enjoy, it makes it fun. Now it And I does can really go through it. So I I'm I'm we gonna do a a family trip there course gentlemen, you come, I made A code for everybody Breakfast. There's 10 bucks off. Even if you've already been, you can still use it. But with the house music, by the way, my mom is a Studio 54 girl. She's a black woman. I've been listening to house music my whole life.


I've always thought it was black. I feel like all we know is show me love. But house music is black. Hell yeah. Yeah. Emini here. I'm not playing out. Ran ran. I'm playing that shit. Follow Me. Why you Spell it? HAUS because I'm boujee. Oh, Okay, okay. Because Emini here it can still read as Trap House because what I'm Saying. Oh, so you go, you Traps What I'm saying. So that's why I'm like, why why'd you spell it like That? To be honest, it was because I feel like when we see the year or like a different version of house, we always think, oh this is like kind of, you know, and then I felt like a house, if someone Googled it, they might buy like a weed store or something. Yeah. Tramp House is, that would be now by the way, I wanted to call it Trap Pilates, but shout out, I don't know who they are. But you know, the trademark was taken in Atlanta. So, but we already know Atlanta got Trap Pilates. I'm sure They probably got lot Emini here.


My goal, like people be asking me to franchise, we've been open six days. Wow. People like, oh, can we franchise it? And I'm like, oh yeah. Like I gotta learn from everywhere. That's A style for good man. Congratulations. But Yeah, you don't gimme all money when you're ready. We, People don't talk about y'all entrepreneurial a Ventures enough, you know what I'm saying? You got WTF Media Mandii, you had the studio For a while. I still have it over there. Still got the studio. Yeah, it's just now need to know studios. Oh, need to know. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I relocated to Atlanta. I have other opportunities professionally down there. But yeah. And right now I'm working on scripts and pitching those. I just wrote a, another proposal for a book after writing the book with you. I definitely just love the process. So wanna continue doing that and yeah, I think over the last eight years, I think that's why we've been able to keep this going.


'cause we've both been able to just branch out individually and do the things that we really like To do. Turn turning over your money that you make. Like when we got our first black effect check, it was so dope because to be on salary for a podcast is just like unheard of. Yeah. And we were making, we quit our jobs before, you know, so, so like we were in this doing this, but it's just mind blowing that we've been able to take that business acumen and flip it. Because a lot of people think when you're a podcaster, people really don't know how I make money. Like I think so many people think I have OnlyFans when they meet me, which I get it. I feel like I can have the look my titties already out. Like, okay, but content creation is one thing and then it's like, well business is another, business is another.


Well, no, not only that, it's just diversifying as well how you bring in money. So between Black Effect now the book with Charlemagne as well, then we have Patreon, then we tour merchandising, shout out to Justin and merchandising, doing Panels. We Have five different means of income just for the podcast. So even though we're not in the writeups, like the other white podcast, talking about a hundred million dollar deals, our our business not yet. And what Horrible Decisions does make seven figures a year. Absolutely. Yeah. No matter we're a seven figure podcast. Y'all be a hundred million yet? We're not a hundred million. I know that, but we are. But we, we have seven figures like, and we make that yearly. That's right. So I love that. And then again, that's just one form of income. Again, she has her studio, I have my studio, we have other things that we do as well outside. So how y'all, Our decision is a business that generates money And I love how y'all use that money to build other Business, other businesses.


Yeah. I honestly want every podcaster to start considering building another business. It doesn't have to be brick and mortar, but like literally. Oh Yeah. Shout out to you. What is your, when you got into brick and mortar, even having the studio, like dealing with an actual location and staffing. I'm like, fall. Oh yeah, that ain't Me. Do you know the owner of the building? WTF and soho. So we got three buildings, four different studios. Right. The Soho dude hits me up about how someone filed an insurance claim And I'm like, what? They were like, yeah, they fell my bathroom. Yeah. I was like, I'm so sorry to hear that. He was like, it's good. Like he has huge buildings. He's like, I've already got this covered. But like, that's what's terrible. That could Break a building. Yeah. Yeah. That could break A business. You Know how much I spent trying to make sure this fit in the studio got mm, the Right insurance.


Your house, at your house too. It's Crazy to me. All the businesses though, all the projects, everything that we do creatively, those are my babies. As a woman that doesn't want kids. And when people talk about what legacy looks like and things, the things that I'm creating are gonna outlive me and my kids if I had any their kids. So to me, my legacy and what I'm leaving are the things in businesses that I'm creating. And I think Weezy And I talk about it as well. I think it's wonderful that we're able to like, provide salaries and pay people. Like even our horrible decisions team is like 10 people. And then she has her studio team. I have my studio and it's just like, it's great. How do y'all tape with you in Atlanta and you here in New York? How do y'all tape the podcast? We Both record and she was just in Atlanta.


I go to LA where whenever we're in the same city, we find a studio and record. Gotcha. It's honestly too like Emini here. Shoot. You wasn't even, do you live here? I now I do. Now you do. I but yeah, like different places you make it work. You know what I'm saying? I remember when I first heard that, like just didn't live here. When she was first working, I was like, wow. But like, you got your home. Is your home. Like what are you gonna do? Yeah. Your job I think should be secondary. So Mandii, I felt that Atlanta coming And I was like, oh my God, she's gonna do it. She's gonna do it. Oh yeah, she's Atlanta. Oh yeah. I Wanted to move to Atlanta years ago, but I had another show that kept me here that thankfully I ended and it was amazing ending it. And so now that I don't have to be here weekly to do a current event pod Yeah.


As soon as I ended that I was like, yeah, I'm out here. Which By the way, Mandii And I have lasted so long when that show ended. What show y'all Doing? I was gonna say, Yeah, We already gotta say, see, the thing is, it was another show that I had people, We've been together so long. So if someone is a casual listener, they're thinking is Mandii. And I, I woke up to all these texts. It was my birthday, I think when it happened. I was like, what the fuck are they talking about? Yeah. And then my mother called me 'cause Mandii made a video. This I, That's what made our rollout so good when everyone thought we broke up. They was like, oh, it of course I became, I'm the villain, whatever. And they made it seem like, oh, she can't keep a partner, she can't keep a podcast up. She can't. And it was like we, we played into that, especially with me ending the pot last year. So my mom called me like, Mandii is on the internet going off on you and when did you do this?


I'm like, when did you do this? It wasn't me. I'm like, if another light skinned I'm on back. But, but yeah. Podcast. I'm Glad to be Real celebrity drama lawyer always. Oh, It's, it's A mess of you running naked in the halls. It's on the news. Like it is something, you know, it is key. Serious. Well, I'm proud of y'all, man. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. You, you know the book No Holds Barred. The dual manifesto of Sexual Exploration of Power will be in stores June 24th. June 24th. Fourth. But can pre That's right, that's right. Real quick. You got them nails, them two short nails. Yes. Yes. So you can play with your, It's for men and women. No, it's for I'm thoughtful for other people. Okay. All right. Because I was no, like she broke Just one.


I'm Right handed purposely. Okay. Stay radio back. Get ready. So, So when you go to the nail salon and you be like, no, no, no, no. Now these two open and they, they have to ask why and you tell, Don't you? Right. It's either I braid hair or I type a lot. They do Not. And I'm like, ask day. No, they do ask, they after They do ask, they Do, They ask, by the way, Jess, I cannot wait till you're auntie age when you said, oh, auntie age now. No you not. Oh the fuck I'm not. Well, 40 What Auntie, you have an undertone that auntie when you just said, so them now. Oh, that's what you do. All right. Auntie age is 40, but she's not 40. She 30 age. Is she gonna be fine? Don't let you have a lesbian niece. She gonna be like, so you and that girl be kissing you Gotta lesbian sister.


No. Yeah. My, my little sister, she Just, she too new though. She ain't get out the trial period yet. My little sister, she gay. That's, And I do believe that it's a tr it's a phase. Yeah. No, my sister's A lesbian. She's 21 though. So you know, she, she, she still could be, you know, trying, I'm not saying that she won't be gay forever, but she still, when she see a little, she got a little twinkle in eye for these little guys out here. So she can't be fully gay yet. So She has three. What I'm saying, she homosexual a, she A pretty nigga. And she gonna be straight right Four. Right. Because she don't like to sexually engage with men, but she still like to look at them and shit. But she like having sex with girls. So that's, I don't know. Is that a seven?


That'ss Gay. Okay. Gay. But she put you on a new Music. She put me on a, yeah, it is this new song. Y'all ever heard this song? I forgot his name, but it'd be like, niggas can be gay too. Ain't nobody Like that. I swear. I was like, what? Listen to not a listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. Niggas can be gay. Like you ain't never hear that. You mean niggas like black? Yes. You know, talking about black men, like, because Yeah, we, We didn't need that reminder young man. We need talking. Told us that. Already. Already. Okay. Rebrand. Who? Oh, oh, he didn't. And I like his new song. Who Y'all gotta have Lil Nas X up here to talk about?


Oh man, I, no, I'm sure he's still his sexuality, but his music is different now. He's my best and it's really good. I really like him. Lil Nas X, Steve Lacey. I love, love Steve Though. I do like Steve Lacey, Bruh. Tyler niggas Can't be gay. Watch Crazy All day. My little sister played me that shit. That crazy. And I listen to Trump that record Trump. Trump, Trump. Be like, not if you're you're trans. Oh my goodness. That's what Trump on. Mandii. Wey. We appreciate y'all joining us. Decision, decision podcast. Go pre-order the book. Please go pre-order the book and make sure you listen to us, wherever you listen to your favorite podcast.


But also on the iHeartPodcasts app. 'cause we are there under the Black Effect Network. It's Decisions. Decisions. And then If you do want, If you do want the X-rated things where we do talk more about sex, horrible Decisions did not leave, we're just behind a paywall. So join us on Patreon, it's patreon.com back slash horrible decisions. Yeah. That fi that story you got that was $5 We'll collect and all the whole hive is so active that when the book first was announced, it was number one on Amazon. We, they went ahead And immediately were, were pre-ordering their books. So we're really excited. And of course we will be touring. We'll announce that later. But you guys will be able to see us do this live. I know we gotta go. But just to tell you about Hove talk me, there was a girl that's a really big fan of yours at the live show we just had.


And she was taking a picture. How There I know. Oh, She's taking a picture of me And I'm like, oh, I know you go to all his book tour. Did you see him? She's like, yeah, he ve he always here Saying, Wow, that Shit almost made me tear A fact like that. But I know y'all said no. King shaming. Yes. What if the kink is animals? Oh no. So so we have rules. No kids, no animals, no dead bodies. God, those are the three. And consensual and, and Of course consensual, like everything consensual. But we absolutely zero tolerance for PDFs, for bestiality and for necrophilia. Gotcha. Because there was a guy in Florida who I gave donkey the day to this morning. He put his penis in the horse's nose. That Is, that is, that's also animal abuse but in the nose.


That's crazy. That's crazy. In the nose. And what color was he? What color you think Meth and white Emini here, but Florida. Florida. There is a different in Florida, I don't even go based on color, it's just Florida. Are y'all Watching Florida man? I do on HBO Florida. Florida man Is good. Florida man, eating Them. It's good. It ain't as good as the regular Florida stories we read in the news though, but it's good. Nah, that black man in a white dude with no teeth and he burned the house on but they're still together. We haven't seen that one maybe yet. It's good. But it's, it's reenactments of Florida man stories. But I think what's so crazy about Flo, we from there, So that's, we from Florida and we be It's embarrassing. Why do you think I was, we Was doing vampire shit. Hello? People be Like, oh it's Because you guys are now we, we are from Florida now we sometimes you have to speak for yourself.


First of all, you got Electric to be Say Anyways. Alright, the Wheezy, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club,


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is the act of reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at Davids bridal dot Comba


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play When you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at cmba Casino dot com. Pgw prove no purchase necessary. Board were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.