
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company,


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We got Bossman Dilo welcome for sure. For my first time I here. How you feeling brother? I'm cool bro. You got, you got all the money man. What you got in that left Pocket? He got, he got it. All Right. Was in the right pocket. Show me something. Yeah, you got something. A Hey man, people love you. They call up, ask why you haven't been up here yet and everything. Facts, people. Facts will love you. Yo. Facts. I I I think I was supposed to have been come ain't it? Yeah. What happened? You got sick? They said you got sick. Yeah, You got sick. What's been going on? Yeah.


What's wrong with your immune system? What's happening? What's Wrong with your immune system is crazy. All that shit. You know You ain't got enough water, You know on tour, I'm, You know, show after show. Yeah, sometime three, four shows a night. So Eating messed up. I'm sure You gotta wear condoms too, man. All That got He said immune system. Nah, I Wasn't that just, You know that shit. I ain't gonna lie like that. I had the, my last show in Daytona. It was like I was about to pass out kind of like blacked out for like five seconds type shit. Is It the drinking, Is it The smoke, dehydrated type shit? I ain't drinking no water. Trying, You know, Don Julio and shit Now What that now you saying this to yourself or did the doctor say you need to drink more water?


Because that's the first thing when somebody gets sick And I need to drink more water. Yeah. Yeah. The doctor said, Oh, doctor said okay. They drink more water. It happened to me. Passed out one time years ago. Wilding out all night. We be in the clubs every night. I passed out in the floor in the studio. Right, right there in the floor. You know what, You know what I did Dehydrated. I'm in cloudy people, the lights. I'm like damn, I can't pass out right here like that. Oh, that shit crazy. So I had to slow it down. Alright, Quick. What you doing? Glad you good to help that though. Are you, are you still drinking water? 'cause I just offered you one. You was like, nah, I'm good. I was, I'm good. I one Yesterday. Yeah. I'm drinking water, You know, I'm, I'm trying to, You know, work out a little bit. You gonna cut back on the Don Julio? Yeah, I'm done drinking. That's what's up. I gave it up. I'm sold, man. So You're not drinking at all no more.


I ain't drinking. So what was the last experience? Something must have got you there? I Really, I really didn't even drink like that. Like, I wasn't no drunk. Like I really never really drank. I just take a little sip, the loose me up for the show type shit. But you, You really talk like how you Rap? I know. Yeah. Yeah. Shit. Have you ever performed, have you ever performed Sober Shit come out like that? You ever performed sober? Nah. You think you can Like what you mean? Like all the way sober? Yeah. All the Way. Nah, like sober is sober. Nah. Yeah, no. You Know, I thought you talking about like just off the liquor? Yeah, no, like no liquor, no weed, no nothing. Yeah. Nah, I ain't never do that.


Okay. You feel like you can? Yeah, but yeah. Nah, now I can. Yeah. Yeah, because I, I done did like over 200 shows. So now it's kind of like You got it. How much you Get in show Jesus. Jesus. Don't let em count your Pockets. I won't count a little watching. That's It must be an increase right now. One 50. Woo. That's right. You counting your pockets right now. You count your pockets. I know you gonna leave uncle. Little sum little. It's the holidays, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Let's, Let's go back a little bit. How did you get into to rapping? I know your dad's a truck driver and they said that your brother influenced you to rap.


So how did you get into rapping? What made you say, You know what, I'm gonna get rid of all the F boy ish and, and the illegal ish and start doing rapping. What got you to that Shit? I ain't, I ain't, I ain't never really rapped till like 2019 mm. You know what I'm saying? I just, my homeboys, they, I was in jail. My homeboy said they had a studio. Like they, I'm like, damn, they made a crazy move. Like, You know what I'm saying? So when I hung up the phone with them, that's when I just started writing. I just tried some shit. For real, for Real. In jail. You just started writing? Yeah. That was your first time ever even trying to rap or writing Rhyme? I, we used to like just in the hood freestyle by like every like recording a song was Yeah.


2019. Mm. You was locked up during the pandemic too, right? Yeah. Yeah. I seen, I seen, I was in there. I seen Covid. Like I seen when the dude first got off the ship, whoever it was. And then the shit spread. Like I was watching all of that. I'm watching numbers go up, You know what I'm saying? I'm watching my, my mama got it. My daddy got it. Yeah. That, You know. Did it, did it go through jail? Dying For real? Huh? Did it go through the jail? I don't know. Everybody was getting sick in nothing. Yeah. So, But y'all weren't testing. They weren't testing. Ain't nobody testing though. You know what I'm saying? Because I was, I went to South Florida. Like I know for a fact I got it 'cause I was in there on some like, it's no AC in here and I'm still cold.


Mm. You feel me? So I know I caught it, but it was like, you can't really say nothing because then we gonna go back on two week quarantine where you have to sit in a cell. No call. No. So Y'all, oh, y'all were just sick. Just like f it. We gonna fight through this. Yeah. You sick. You gotta just wear that. Like, just go lay down bro. I bet you it ran through the jails fast though. What they call it? I can't remember what they call it, but it's when everybody catches it. So everybody, It was like a hot potato. Like wake up the next morning. He's sick now. Wake up the next morning. Now he got it. Wake up the next morning. He got it. It was just going like that. Yeah. When I, listening to your music, man, it seemed like you a big basketball fan. Yeah. Was that your dream to play ball or something? Or you just It Was okay.


Yeah. Yeah it was. But then shit kind. I don't know. I just was lazy. Yeah. Did you ever play when you was younger? Yeah, I played like, I played sixth. No, I ain't make the teen sixth grade. I ain't made the teen seventh grade, I made the teen eighth grade. I was kind of dedicated at that point. And then scree took over a little bit and in ninth grade it just, now I'm getting lazy further in the streets and kicked out now that shit over with basically. And you remember the first song that took off? The first song that you was like, oh, this could really be something and not just some hobby that we doing in, in the studio.


It probably was. It's called Boss Man. It's, it's, it's like one of the first songs I made in 2019 and like, what it did and like, just our love Treasure Coast, You know what I'm saying? Had everybody turn. So it was like, oh shit, you might, you might know what you doing for real. You feel me? Now with, with all the artists out at the time and all the artists looking for Yeah, people. Was there anybody that came to you that wanted to sign you and how come you decided not to sign with a particular artist? You know, I had got, it was like a couple, like Gucci had like tried to sign me and it was like, You know, a little misunderstanding.


I don't know, I guess I wasn't really, I guess I wasn't communicating with him. I guess it was the lawyers, You know what I'm saying? So that ain't work out. But I think, which, what is, what's what Luci was? I think it's the gang. I was trying to sign me, but I didn't, You know, that ain't work out. So I just, I ended up with Alamo, like after that. What made, what made you go with Alamo? What, why was the, the Alamo reason? Because it was really like, You know, I was, I'm kind of, at the time I was looking at the Broadway 'cause he over there and then I'm saying like, okay, shit, he doing good. He ain't complaining.


You know what I'm saying? More of an independent route. You feel me? It is like they was coming Correct too. So, And the Gucci, so the, the Gucci thing dissolved because of the attorneys. But you, you, you would've loved to sign the Gucci Bro at the time, bro, I was so deep in the streets, it was like, it didn't even matter about the money. I know me being with Gucci going, You know what I'm saying? I know I'm gonna snap. So it was like, damn. But it just, the conversation wasn't right for it to go Further. Did y'all speak after? Yeah, we were supposed to, we were supposed to do a song. I think he, he had ended up dropping it before I could.


'cause I was on tour. I really couldn't really get to the studio. But yeah. Was that, we taught outta that though. Was That your first time being locked up back in 2019? No, I mean I done been to the detention centers and shit before that, but Okay. That was my first time in, no, that was like my second or third time in jail. Yeah. That was the longest time you spent there That time? No, no. I, I was locked up. I was locked up like damn near all of 2018. And I got out early 19. I was on probation trying to rap shit.


I'm in the club violating, I, I'm, I was violating all. So then I got violated in like, probably like six months, seven months of like trying to rap the shit. So that's cut all that off. And then I was going like 20 months. That was longest. Like 20 something months. Has this success been going a little bit too fast for you? Because like, you came up like quick, like from our point of view, you had your, you dropped your first mix tape last year, then you signed your deal last year and then you got hit records and performing all around The World now. Yeah, I'd say, I'd say probably like, You know, like the success kind of, I feel it kind of came but far as like me grinding, I feel like, nah, like it is 20, 24.


Yeah. Like I was grinding since 2019. You know what I'm saying? I count me going to jail as part of the grind. 'cause I went to jail for doing that shit, You know, doing this. So For doing what? For like, You know, rapping. Like I went to jail 'cause I violated Oh, you was in the club? Oh yeah. Yeah. I was in the club. Okay bro. I ain't gonna lie bro. I'm in the club bro. So You been lying the whole time? Yeah, I'm in the club. Like we, we like performing and promoting our shit. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'm in the club, I'm vibing, I'm turned that phone go to vibrating in my pocket. I like, oh shit, pull it out, mama. Fuck Boy's at the house.


I ain't even answer that shit. I already know what that called me. You Was on house arrest? Nah, I'm on, I'm on probation. I had a curfew at 10 o'clock at, you feel me? So it was probably like 12. She pulled up. So You still just party like, fuck, I'm out, I'm out. So then Phonet vibrate again. I pull it back out. It's a text message. Yeah. POJ left you violated. Mm like that to put the phone in pocket. Fuck that And keep partying. I feel like they need to make different stipulations if that is what the profession you're chasing, right? Like if you say I'm a rapper. Yeah, your your your your your your, your work hours are different basically. Yeah. No, for real. I feel like they should, they should make adjustments for that.


We up all night. Yeah, but how can they account for that? 'cause then somebody use that and they, not really a rapper, You know what I'm saying on Instagram, people use that. I'm really in the club. Like okay. Yeah. But yeah, see, but then you, it 'cause you grinding at that point. So it might not be to the level. You can't show no show contracts and all that shit. You ain't even getting booked. You know what, I'm just play the record. I'm paying people to perform at the time. I'm saying I wasn't supposed to leave the county all kind of, I'm all out the county. So how was the transition from the street to the, the industry? 'cause the industry is is is different, right? We, I mean I remember when, when Yo Gotti first came in and yo Gotti would very, would barely talk 'cause he just, it is a transition.


So how's the transition been for you? Shit, I'm barely talking too, You know, So. Nah, it is really like, it is like I feel like bro, once you like, You know, I ain't do a lot of times but You know, some people brains click earlier than, You know what I'm saying? But just for me, my little periods of times and four times going to jail the last time, 20 something months actually touching the reception center of prison and seeing what I seen, You know what I'm saying? And Covid going on all of that. Like you could, I coulda literally lost my mom and daddy quit like that in jail.


Like that's the worst. You know what I'm saying? That shit, I don't know. I feel like, and then seeing the money you getting outta this, it's kind of easy for me. Yeah. I don I don't, I don't need to prove nothing. I don't need to go to jail. I done did that feel me? Like, And I done been in the streets for real, for real. Like anybody know they know. So I don't need to prove, like I don't need to be trying to do no street shit to prove nothing. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm a business man now. I'm rapping. Yeah. I heard you say to Wallow and Gilly when you did million dollars worth of game that you value reactions over numbers. What you mean? Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, for sure. It's like, 'cause I don't know like the numbers, You know, you can't really tell bro numbers is all that computer shit, You know?


It's just too much going on. You don't know. I feel like you need to be focused on how people turn it up at your shows. You need to be focused on, You know, how many comments you getting. You know what I'm saying? How many people sharing your, whatever you posting, that's, You know what I'm saying? I get it. 'cause you say if I do 10 albums, it don't matter. But if my records is, is is bumping in the club And I can sell out an arena who cares about those album. Exactly. Exactly. And You still getting club money, like the show money like that, that Ain't no, ain't nothing going beat that show money. That's right. That's where you, that's where, You know what I'm saying? Most of your income Really Comes From Beat the show money. Yeah.


That's the IRS that just make sure they did because they be watching. Oh nah, I ain't going. I got them people. I ain't, I got them outta the way. I ain't gonna play with them. That's the only people don't play with them. I ain't gonna play with them. And you, is it true? I think somebody told me that you started getting your first show was 2501st Show 2,500. Damn Man. Now you had a Buck 50 And I was spinning. Look at God I was spinning. I probably done spent 3000 to, You know, get the way I'm going. Probably the first show was in Tallahassee. We was like five, six hours away. You got rental clothes. Yep. Me, homeboy, hotel, you shit. Yeah man. Yeah. But, but that lets me know that you, you had a, a bigger play in your mind and you had a vision.


Yeah. Because you already was getting the money. So it wasn't about the money. You just wanna put yourself in a better position in life. It was, You know, like I said, I was starting off, I I was paying people 500 of the hours into perform or open up for somebody. So not me actually receiving 2,500. It is like, You know what I'm saying? That's, I don't care. I ain't even need to make no money. I feel like it gonna get big anyways. I ain't care about making money at that point. Now you also did something that we haven't seen before. You announced your album or Sports center. Yeah. Now, damn. Who came up with that concept? What was the idea of that? It was funny when I heard people D Lil Curry. Yeah. You know I was talking about it like, damn man, shit, I'm trying to get on Sports Center.


You know, label made it album label made it happen. That was all your idea. I, I brought it up, You know, we all talked about it. It was all like some really some, I'm just high saying something And I just high saying something. I Wanna go back to the basketball. 'cause you do make a lot of basketball references. 'cause I, that's how I know you really. Yeah. Really loved it. So what got you away from it? Was it just bad grades getting cut? Like you didn't have nobody really pushing you to do it? Like what was it? Yeah, it wasn't really, no it wasn't really no push to, You know, do it. But I kind of myself, like I kind of just always was watching TV watching NBA and shit.


So I kind of just always liked it. You know, certain moves rayon around those certain shit. So I just wanted to go outside, copy it, You know. And then I just, I wanted to play it. But then, You know, streets, bro Streets. Was you good? Yeah. Not At the streets. At basketball. Nah, I'm saying I nah, nah, You Know, everybody say they get a basketball. You Say you get at basketball. We don't believe. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I was hard. I fine but I just didn't, I just didn't like, I don't know, like I just, I, I started smoking so then I started not caring by practice.


You know what I'm saying? It just, You know how to screech. It just slowly go like it is step by step, go to smoking now you don't care about this now you just gone, now you're breaking in houses now You know, you tripping. Damn. Hold that. It don't usually go like that all the time. I don't Go like that. But Not how mine went. I don I got you. I got you. Damn. Now when you put out your first, your first single, it was a big, big single right number one record. Yeah. Did you feel like, 'cause at one time they'd be like, ah, he got one record. Did you have any pressure be like, damn they gonna think I'm a one hit one. I gotta come back with a second record. 'cause that one, that that one record was rocking for a long ass time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I kind of, you broke through that with a couple other records a after that. But at first was that pressure on you be like, I gotta make another one.


I mean I didn't really, I don't know. 'cause I just like, I just, I already had, I guess my goal was kind of a little too small of what I thought I was going to get out this. So when I, when the one song did what it did, I'm like, well shit, let, I'm gonna make some more. But if I'm one who wonder I I'll be shit. I'm cool With that too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shit, I, I ain't have nothing. Yeah. So because, And It kept going. I'm like, damn. And TikTok really, really blew that shit up. Get in with me. Yeah, yeah. You know. So do you feel like without TikTok it wouldn't have blew as quick as it did? It wouldn't have been. Nah, Nah, no. Definitely not. Yeah. Not without TikTok. TikTok is a whole like, TikTok catch your song.


You, you gone, you gone. Do you write with that in mind? Just TikTok itself? Yeah. Do you rap with that in mind? Like saying little catchy shit or you write differently? 'cause You know, TikTok is all about what them kids something. They just need one catchy part. Yeah. Yeah. And then that shit will go up. Yeah. Yeah. Is that how you, you keep in mind that When, not really TikTok, but I just was always thinking that when I just started rapping, like anyway even, well two nine, 2019 I rap, I was rapping differently. I was rapping kind of for like what I want to hear and what my dogs want to hear. But then I started to really understand like, you can't, you gotta rap man. It's, it is a billion people out here, but you can't rap for 20 motherfucker. You know what I'm saying? That's right. That's right. So once I figured that out, I just started like, okay, what would people want to say?


What would people be in the club wanting to say? And You know, when when they turn they on there and drink and they feeling good. You know what I'm saying? That's, that's how I started Rapper. I think it's the melodies though, because them kids on TikTok don't know what the hell you talking about when you say I take a seven, make it 20 and, And I make it 21. You Say it, You just gotta say crazy. Some of them know, You Know, you think they know what he talking about. Some of them I don't even know what he talking about. I ain't gonna lie. I don know it got something to do with something. Dope. He was born in 1978. You don't Know. I ain't gonna lie. They have babies at my shows, bro. Like, literally What you mean babies? Like They 2, 3, 5 singing the shows. Yeah. Why? I don't know.


TikTok should be trending But they turning up, they know the music. Like they literally know the music. He barely can talk. He talking about Beat are Do they charge him? I was raised How much the baby ticket. That's a good question. That's a good question. That'll be crazy. That's, that sounds like a, a charge waiting to happen. You got three and four year olds in the club. Hey, it is all age event. Yeah, I saw a tweet that said I like Boss man D Locus. He don't talk too much about killing. He just pop his shit about being fresh and getting money. What, what do you think when you hear, when you see posts like that? I, I, I like that's, that's that's what I, that You know, I kind of love posts like that because that's the whole vision from the beginning. Like man that's all, You know what I'm saying?


That kind of all was out like bro, we just steady killing each other bro. Like it don't even make no sense no more like to the point where it's like it is dumb because ain't nobody even getting no money that's right behind or nothing. You know what I'm saying? So I'm just trying to change it up bro. Now Florida, have you moved outta Florida or you still live in Florida? I still in Florida. Now. Do


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time. Share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling. I immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something. That Last State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor is State Farm is there, find out more@statefarm.com


Or do you, does that scare you? Bother you worry about, 'cause You know, usually when people get into trouble or they get robbed or You know, it's usually their home team, their home, You know, hometown that that usually comes from. Yeah. Does that bother You? You No, I don't. I I don't stay in my hometown ain't because like Rob or nothing, but like police don't like me, I don't like them. You know what I'm saying? We done had a lot of words. So, But they feel like you got away. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And made it what He made it. Yeah. So anytime I come around there, they going to do it to me. They, I'm going to jail for a damn seed. Mm. Whatever. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Harassing You. Yeah.


Mm. Yeah. You, you got a record called Finesse and there's a line where you say I can teach finesse and I'm about my check. Yeah. And I And I bring that up 'cause we, we saw Vlad TV post, well Vlad Post, he accused you and manager of attempting to scam him. Yeah. And then he later took back the statement. What was the, what was the conversation that led to the, I guess the misunderstanding between You? That's what I'm saying. Shit, I don't know. You know, it's, it's all kind of, You know, shit going on on the internet where somebody might be acting like they, my manager dropping a number and then people fall for it. Like, you don't, You know what I'm saying? My manager is in my bio.


How did you listen to somebody talking about, You know, Tommy is I'm Delo manager. That ain't, that ain't what my bio said. You know what I'm saying? So then you been there, sent your money, just watch sending money anywhere, which You know, that's not how you do business. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's What he said. He sent the money to somebody claiming the, to be your manager. But then he did publicly apologize. Yeah. And said that we don't, bro, I don't scam. I, I don, I ain't, I don't do Shey. You Just said you broke somebody house. 'cause I did. I used to. I did, I did. I did. But You know that was on some, I'm a kid. I'm just doing what I need to do, thinking about some money. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. As you, You know, I got older. It is like, I don't, I don't do psychy things that people just for my blessings. It ain't 'cause I want you to say I'm real, you feel me? Right. Because I, I know how I'm, I'm gonna get blessed for being real. You feel me? Mm. That's how I, that's how I work. And you Was on, you was on Clubhouse and you had said Tia Kemp was in your dms trying Smash, but then she had said, Nah, I ain't, you was in, you was trying to get a full video and she said she got receipts. What video was that? Nah, I don't, I ain't, I don't even know nothing. I never knew nothing about no clubhouse. I never been on that app. Nothing. Okay. That's why I don't, Yeah.


I don't know. Never, never been on Clubhouse. Never. Okay. You answered that like I don't know what you're talking about Miss Officer. I don know. I felt Like I was interrogated. It Ain't because I heard that but I never, I was like, I don't even have a clubhouse. I don't know what the fuck I don't, You know, TKE do all that gossip. I barely be on it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah. You know t ke they were telling me I need to go live and shit. You know what I'm saying? Do You know her though? You know Tia Kemp? Huh? You know Tia? Yeah I know her. Oh, okay. Y ain't never had no words You said we ain't never had no words have No words or whatever. Like, like back and forth you was trying to smash and she that's, that was disco score. Hell nah. Nah. Oh Alright. Hell nah. Okay. Hell no. She lick them teeth.


That shit be over don't it. You know. Ain't never get you like that. Yeah do boy you're not, we never, we ain't never try. I don't man, I don't know her like that. Okay. We ain't never, I don't know what she got going on. Got you. I that shit you feel Man, Man Florida niggas is the funniest nigga on the planet. Man. You know I say the craziest people in America come from Florida, right? Yeah. The Bronx and all of Florida. Yeah. You think it's something to that? I don't know. Florida got they on water man. Yes. Real. That's why when I'm going all these different states and it's cold and shit like this here I ain't used to this shit. I'm used to 80, 90 degrees.


That's right. We going at 18 and shit. I can't deal with it. I that why I can't live nowhere. So you just came here for this? You getting right back on the plane? I'm gone going back. Okay. No, I'm sick. Who, Who, Who? They just told me it's 47 in Florida. 47 Lord Chili for Florida. Oh. Not though. What, what artists giving you advice? Like who, who do you, You know, reach out to when you trying to figure this game out? I kind of, I kind of, You know, rod wave, he definitely be chopping it up. He do raw, solid For sure.


Plys, You know, I done talk to a couple. I just take, You know what everybody say And I just run with it And I put my sauce on it. 'cause You know, you always gotta do what your brings. You could listen to other people, but you gotta do with your brain. Yeah. That how I move. I saw a video that I think could be a valuable lesson to a lot of young brothers, man. Especially brothers coming up making money. It, it said it showed you allegedly getting your money in jewelry stolen by a woman while you were asleep. How, how's that experience influenced the way you move now? Man, my album dropped December. December 13th. Man. My album dropped night, man.


No, that's right. That's a great answer. Yeah, yo, great answer for sure. Does your success mean even more to you knowing that you self invested Shit? Like is definitely, it is definitely a way better reward, you feel me? Because like knowing you grounded for it, you did it, but You know by yourself, You know what I'm saying? And You know, now you, you had a little help from your homeboys, You know what I'm saying? So they still with me and just knowing that that hard work, like I said, I, I've been grinding like five years, so, but it's kind of, You know, people ain't gonna see that whole grind from that.


So I think the number I saw, they said that you and your team put up a hundred racks independently before any label got involved. Yeah, I had spent, yeah, I spent about a hundred racks for sure. Before you could, before we seen any type of money. And what does that go towards? Like for just for people on the come up trying to figure things out? Yeah. Like where does that money go? It is just, it might not be, You know, it might not be as hard for some other people but You know me, I had to travel damn me an hour and a half to go to the studio. You know I'm driving cars that at the time, You know what I'm saying?


I, I could, I might have a rental sometimes so I might be straight, but I had bought A-A-B-M-W Xfo and it was like, You know, I was road running in it. So You know, I I, You know at a certain point cause had a problem. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so, You know I'm going an hour and a half, two hours to the studio. Anything. I tired today, the motherfucker fuel pumped tomorrow the alternator the next day. Like it just, it is just so you gotta deal with the car, the gas going back and forth, the studio time mixing, mastering, You know the look at the club, going to the clubs videos behind the mic, performances, clubs, promoting, pushing, You know paying 9, 5, 4, You know the blog pages post your music.


It they cheese, they want a thousand. So what about DJs? Call some of them out some the DJs you have ain't Most they most dj. They gonna spin you for free. Okay. You know spin you that's good. They show love that why, You know they show love to me. I show love back that how it kind of went. What do you say to people who tell you that you need to switch up your flow? Because I saw you say one time motherfuckers want, they want you to sound like Kendrick La Martin. Yeah. Yeah. They want sound like Kendrick. They want me sound like they like, they want be lyrical and shit. You know what I'm saying? Man, I ain't finna do all that thinking man. We trying to turn up Goddamn Damn get high and turn up. Do you like Kendrick? You listening to Kendrick, huh?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. That just ain't the shit you trying to be on. Nah, I just can't. But we got niggas already. Yeah. I just can't. You already got Kendall Lamar, You know what I'm saying? There's, there's mad lyrical Florida rappers though. Trick daddy historically lyrical Rick Ross Kodak? Yeah. You Don't think so? I mean like them boys real artists. I just don't call that lyrical. Lyrical. Yeah. You don't gotta think too much to listen. Listen to me. They got Yeah but it ain't like you really thinking like how Lil Wayne had you. Nah, them guys could rap them guys I just Named. That's lyrical. That's what I think. Like Lil Wayne, Kendrick like them. That's lyrical people. You don't Think Kodak lyrical Rick Ross, Kodak Daddy, Kodak, they lyrical but not to a certain, You know what I'm saying?


Not He's saying they got lyrics but they Yeah they have lyrics. Cool. But not the type of concept that Could, I feel like Ricl is where you literally like every bar you, You know what I'm saying? Like how they, You gotta think about it. You can dissect it, it could make Yeah, I feel you. I saw another photo they said it was of you. They say you, you was in church with your family and the internet was calling you a preacher's kid. And I'm like, well what's wrong with that Shit? Like, what's Wrong with you? So What my guy, my daddy, he, he, he, he became preacher when I was like probably like 14, 15. Like I'm in the streets by then. So I mean he he was, how he was, he changed his lives shit.


I don't know. He appreciate what the fuck what y'all want him to be a killer. Like I don't listen to that shit bro. The internet found down around me. I they hate I keep going What I'm saying. It might, it's probably you. You ever know your daddy prayers might be the reason you in the position you in right now. That's why we getting all these blessing. We getting more chicken. It is simple. They, they talking. I'm getting chicken. What I'm saying Let's get into something off the album. What you wanna hear off the album? The album is out today. Yeah. Which wanna get into, I be dropping tonight. We finna turn up What? It's tomorrow so South. Oh, tomorrow? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh okay. I see, I see what you're saying. Album's Out Now. Yeah. Album out. So what you wanna hear?


We rolling loud Sunday, we at Club Live, we finn do a God mix. That's your first time to live as a, as A album release. Huh? That's your first time performing that live? Oh, Y yeah. Yeah. Hey Now I know you got rolling loud this weekend. My son's actually, he, he's out in Miami so he, he he's excited to see you this Weekend. Yeah, for sure. So what you wanna hear off the album? What song you wanna get into? I like that 46th Street. 46th Street. Okay. We should do Shake that ass remix too. Oh You wanna hear that Glow with Glow on it Glow. Really? She snap, she snapped too hard my baby. Right. Y'all got a few records together right? Yeah we got Step Finesse Step. Okay. And yeah Remix Shake that as How'd y'all connect?


You know I forgot how I think the first song we did, she just, You know we just hit You know You hard, you hard and then that shit just, You know we, let's do one. Y'all record y'all record together? No We wasn't together. It was sent, we sent it through. Okay, Okay. We sent it through. Y'all met each other before though? Yeah, we met each other at shows like two, three times. I'm my dog. You Be extra fresh when she come around don't you? Man I be fresh all the time. Fresh all the time. I'm a dog. Why you Blushing though? I fuck with her. I fought With a Show. Hey we gonna Get a visual for shaking that ass TRK on the remix. We going, we gonna get a visual for that. Oh we playing on it. Don't know she gonna turn it up that song so old bro.


So But it's still ringing? Yeah, Like They do Good. We'll shoot a video. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Video got video. We'll shoot A video. That's the only thing that you probably gotta, You know, stay focused on is the the ladies. 'cause it's a lot of, they see you getting all of this money you out every night. And I know they on you heavy that that's probably your biggest distraction right now. Yeah. Nah, nah He started blushing when we bought up Gorilla though. Nah, when you getting up for Christmas? You Said when I'm getting you getting Glo for Christmas? I, You know. Yeah You know on that, on that step. She said she wants C eight.


Okay, okay. Nah bullshit. I fought with Blow though Yo. This nigga remind me bro. Man from the fifth floor. You talking so funny Though Boss Man Dlo man's out now. Pick it up man. We appreciate you for joining us brother. I Appreciate you Boss Man. Dlo is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in The Breakfast Club.