
Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums. public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public do com slash disclosures for more.


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Teresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Good game with Sarah Spain, your one-stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports every day I'm bringing you the stakes, stars, stats, and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome and If. You've been around. Let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect the teamwork competition and rivalries that we love to watch. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively, And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip. Play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. That's right. He has a new Netflix special, new Netflix standup special plus. It's just a very, very great story, man. Keith Robinson is there. That's right. What's happening? And the Netflix special is Different Strokes. That's right. Keith Robinson. Welcome. Different Strokes. Yes sir. How you feeling this morning, brother? I'm feeling Good, man. I'm doing my thing. I'm driving here almost getting into my usual fights in a car. Who was you fighting with? I'm a car house You. know what I mean?


And a guy rolled past me and almost hit my damn car. So I'm like, yo, what's up? But I know I can't, can't do that. I can't fight. So I was just hoping he ain't get out the car. You know what? I'm like, what's up And I? I told him, get out the car. Why would you say that? Because it felt good saying it You. know what I mean? Well, You know. It does feel good. Yeah, but You know it seen my placard. So I was hoping that all that guy What's The placard? Like a decal or something? Handicap. Like handicap. Oh, okay, okay, Okay. Handicap? Yeah. A decal Dec car. He called a handicapped decal.


A handicapped plaque. Oh, I ain't know. Black Placard. Yeah. Yeah. We, we, I used to, I ain't gonna say I used to have one, but every night then somebody would give you one. You One. He did. He definitely did. He definitely had no Get a good parking space. You know now. Now Kiev If, you have an amazing story. You are clearly here for a real reason because you survived having a stroke twice. Yes. I started to say you survived multiple Strokes, but that sounded the gay. So you said You, So you survived having a stroke twice? Yes. Yeah. The first one I wasn't filmed to. Then And I mean. I'm like, ah, this stroke, eh, I need a number one more. And I'll know for sure.


I'm joking, man. I said, what? He's looking, I said, what? So, so the the first stroke that you got, what happened? Where were you? And and did they know why? Or was it Yes, it was my fault. Both Strokes was my fault. Was it your lifestyle? No, I I read that you said you took Viagra. Absolutely. Who don't take Viagra? You only, you only 50. Keith. I'm not 50. How old are you? Don't worry about it. I've been knowing, I've been knowing calm for 40 years. Damn. Okay. I'm 45.


Get the fuck out. So You are close To 60? Yes. Okay, Got you. So when you start taking Viagra, I man, I would've took Viagra if I was 20. Huh? If I was 20 years old, I would've took Viagra. Why? Because it, it's an enhancement. I don't know what, keep joking or not, man. I, I'm not, I'm not joking. I heard the Viagra story before. I heard that you said you took Viagra, And, I said, well, that to a stroke. Yeah. Is That true? No. I, well, maybe, maybe. I was on hands on what happened on like 20, 20, November 23rd right there.


Thanksgiving. So we Were in Covid at during that time. Yes. This girl wanted me to come on to Arizona. So You know a man can't miss down on that. I'm wanting this girl for 20 years. So I decide to go, let me go to Arizona. And thing that she, every time I leave the house, I check my blood pressure. This time I didn't, I get on a flight first class. Of course You know I'm not going You know to a stroke before, Before you go that far. Hold on, man. Up, up. Shut up, man. That's what, no, no. Let him tell the the story.


Go ahead. Go ahead. I was gonna ask, because you said you check your blood pressure every time. Why? Why do you check your blood pressure every time To make sure You know what I mean? It is, it is. Right. Okay. Yeah. It's regularly. I check Mine yesterday because I take, I take statin, You know and And I had high blood pressure. So I take mine regular regularly too. Yeah. So when you pop, you take, so I on a flight, but I'm drinking You know first class. They gimme all the good stuff. So you took The Viagra before you got on the Plane? No. Okay. Okay. I, I'm drinking, drinking, drinking. I'm drunk. All right. I'm drunk. 20 minutes. 20 minutes. The the flight what?


The guy that fly the plane pilot The pilot? Yeah. Him. He made an announcement. Right. He said 20 minutes left in the flame. And, I knew it was 10 minutes to girl, to the girl's house to off 30 minutes. You get it. What takes 30 minutes to kick in? Yeah. So you Popped that bag? I Popped that boy for when I landed. I was a little dizzy You, know what I mean? I was like, oh shit. And, I. I get in the Uber, I'm like, oh man, my heart is beating fast and all that And. I'm like, okay, I have to make the decision.


Should I go to the girl's house and get lame? I should go to the hospital and live. So of course I'm knocking on the girl's door. Huh? Huh? I had to man. No, you didn't. You choked to, So, so you had a, you had a stroke at her house? Oh, I, well, I had two, two Strokes at her? No, I had one stroke and a half a stroke. And I. I, I I got a couple of 'em pumps before.


No, I mean that stroke, I, not that stroke. So you had the the, the Physical stroke at how they both physical Strokes, sir. Oh Yeah. Yes. And there you go. There you go. No, I mean, And I was chilling and I'm spending the night. Damn. But when I woke up, I couldn't walk. Hmm. So they called the ambulance. I went to the hospital and for some reason I felt a little better. And I flew back to New York and that's when I went in the hospital.


So did they tell you when you were in Arizona that you had just gotten a stroke? Did, did. And you still got on a plane and flew back? I'm who I am. Man, Listen, You know TK Kirkland and Sherry Shepherd. I heard it with TK first. TK tells a joke and it's not even really a joke. It's actually real. He was like, the older we get, you need to be with a woman that can recognize the signs of a stroke. Did the woman you was with recognize the signs of a stroke? No. Not at all. No. Damn. Not at all. But I, I have one who would've recognized it, but I flew out to another You know, come on man. Look.


And this real thing. Every man that I know has put that life at risk one way or or another to get Something When we was kids. Nah, nah, nah. Okay. Thirties. Yeah, they started Good You know, like I remember in Philadelphia, right. I went to Rich and Allen housing projects on one in the morning. And at that time in the eighties, Richard and Allen there, look, there's a nine If. you go in at that time in, in the morning, there's 99% chance you could rob on being or worse.


But that 1% was all I needed and I'm gone. You know. So we all do stupid stuff. Right. This was dumb. I didn't have nothing to do with Covid. And, I went there like a dumb down. So, so Did she think she put it on you so bad? That's why you couldn't get out the bed? Is that what she Thought though? No. Oh no. No. She doesn't. Yeah, whatever. But no. And you Don't speak to her anymore? Yes. You still Speak To her? I said I'm coming back. You know I'm coming back one more time to make sure you still fucking ain't no stroke this time. You still fucking Absolutely. Okay.


I'm still popping blues Still. No, man. Cut it out, Keith. Huh? Did the doctor say the Viagra was the Reason? No. No. He ain't know I had Viagra. You ain't tell him? I ain't telling doctor. Oh man. I went there to fucking have Viagra. But you Did the Viagra, you did the alcohol, you Did everything. Yes. So I don't know what it was. It probably You know. Could have been lifestyle leading up to that eating, not eating right? No, I mean before I used Sub Box. I boxed in the gym. You box that Gleasons for Lo PenFed. I boxed there too, but I had a work train. Yeah, both Simmons. I seen it there a couple of times.


And You know, getting his Ass kicked. Huh? You saw him getting his ass Kicked? I seen him hitting at every bag. Okay. Wasn't good. Nah, but that was in when You know first one I called when 'em in the hospital was Cal. Okay. Because you, you are for people who don't know if You know anything about Kevin Hart, if you've read Kevin Hart's books, You know that Keith Robinson is a mentor. Mentor. Mentor, yeah. The Kevin Hart. You call him little dumb ass. Yeah, Little dummy. So I called him up. And I told this one, the Mark Twain award. I called Cam like, man, they going to put me in the Covid section and Cam, who know how to bullshit with the best of 'em.


Oh no they won't. No they're not. Lemme make this call. I'm like, yeah, that's what I'm talking about. And he hung out. And wait a minute, who the fuck is he going to call Dr. Fauci? What? What are you talking about? So I end up in, in the Covid section. I ain't hear from Kevin until I got out of the Covid section. Hilarious. It was like I god damn. Now you, you are a mentor to Kevin Hart. What did you see in Kevin early that, that maybe everybody sees now? It took a while, but I asked Kevin, I told Ka, should I say you got it in the video tape?


So he made me like 16 videotapes of them. Like, I'm like, no, no, no. But I found 'em wrong. That was the shit. And I said, this guy can me something. And I put it on when we did that tape and, and start going around and a guy named Dave Patel gave the tape to Dave, Becky and Dave. Becky seen that tape and that was beginning of little dummy.


And he started going up and up and up and up and boom. So you knew he was gonna be a star. You never know. But I was like, this guy has something special. And then people, like, when people talk about Kev and all that, he had to work to come around all the comics. Me, Patrice, O'Neal all. And he had to work. We gave him hell You know we were telling him to get on stage then would throw books at 'em and throw books. Like books at pages. Yeah. Everything.


He Threw yellow pages of his Right. He was performing. Yes. Yes. So Cal went through hell. He drove up and down the turnpike with me. Went sleeping head to hand almost. That's right Kevin put the work in. Period. You feel like comedians put the work in like that now? No, because the internet, it's easy just to go on the internet. When you go on the internet. That You know. That makes it a lot easier. And You know. I, I like, I've been listening to you guys a lot with a common saw and all that and a lot of commons.


Like I never bomb. I don't bomb. Well, If you don't bomb. You're probably a joke thief or hack because Comedying is a continual experiment. You're trying shit out and you can be good If. you are afraid to be mad. And that, that's how I I that's old school, but old one's always classic. And classic is what works. You gotta work out You know And. I feel like in a lot of comics.


Just make 'em funny Face on the internet and getting thousands of views. And then You know, become somebody. You know it. It's interesting you talked about driving up and down the turnpike. You know with Kev, Kev talks about that in his, his first book. You know You Can't Make This up. When you heard You know Kat Williams say that basically Kevin didn't put the work in. Nobody knew who Kev was in LA, California. What did you think about that being that you were there from the Right? I was there from the beginning and You know, I knew that just wasn't, didn't make sense. Kev had it from the work. And I made sure he did.


Like you have a trace and all Bill Byr and all 'em around you. Rich Falls, You know Colin Quinn. You got 'em put in work and You know. A lot of people don't realize you, they had Montreal, Jacksonville last back then you go to Montreal and you get a deal. Like Chappelle got a lot of deals outta Montreal. I got a deal outta Montreal You know. So when Karen went to Montreal, he got a deal. That's what I came from. And that's when you get the money and all the agents and execs are there from Disney or N-B-C-A-B-C.


And that's how that works. And I. Think Kat knows how it works. You know and You know. But Ka like for sure putting a line of work. What do you say to people who say, Kevin tried to sacrifice you twice for the Illuminati to gain more success. Illuminati. And that is the dumbest shit I've ever heard. I think he just made that up. I never heard that that before in my life. He just made that up. He just made that up. And I have never heard dumb as shit in my life. But he did. He tried to sacrifice me right? Twice. Yeah, yeah.


And and for more shit. No, but You know Kevin. That's my, that's my young fella. Wanda Sys. That's my girl. Amy Schumer. Amy Schumer. That's my girl. You know Amy does a lot for the folks. You know you. You rode on Train Wreck then Train Wreck. Yeah, been train Wreck. Me and John CNA was going out. You know, Hey Mark Walberg You know and all that. But yeah, whatever. Amy's in, she puts me in. She and Amy is good for a lot of stuff and she puts a lot of black folks in a lot of things.


How did you develop that relationship with Amy? Well, I met her You know and at a cellar at the Comedy Cellar and we started hanging out and we actually was going boxing to work, train and You know, we developed a nice relationship from there. And You know we sparred a little bit. I hit her in the gut just to let him know, no, I hit in the gun. But You know, we, we just hang out and have fun. And the comedy selling is like a big family. Everybody hangs out there and have fun and all that.


So yeah. And, and you wrote on Chappelle show too, right? Yes. Yeah. What, what sketches did you write or what did you write? Well, it was the third season. Oh, The third season. And You know what's funny on that season we wrote being in MBMI and D experiment, And I, what's called the Black Men in Dresses Experiment. Wow. You know because we saw, first it was syphilis then then the B, the worst of wall, the BMDI and whatever black men dresses.


And that's why a lot that crazy shit started. Oh, so when, yeah. So when Dave was getting to the point where he wanted to walk away, it was because of that. Well, yeah. And while all that, but Why would, but it was a sketchy all road. So I'm sure he had a perspective. No, well I was thinking about You know when thinking, but Dave just left completely after that. Well Oh, so you rode that after he was gone? No, we we told him we were gonna ride it. Okay. Okay. But Ka, I mean Ka Dave was in and out back and forth and went like, alright, is he going to stay? Is he going to leave?


And he left. Wow. What do you think drove him to that point? I guess pressure. The pressure in the, maybe am I, am I going to match modern seasons? And, I pressure White, black and white. Black gets you all the time. Every time. Like people will call And I ain. Saying, well maybe when that Saint Charlemagne, it's a sellout. You'll get that If. you are on the radio long enough with an opinion. Sooner or later somebody black gonna call you a sellout.


Especially With the success. Yes. Yeah. This Happened. Yeah. Well that's what happened. So that man been messed with Dave too. And I. Am I doing it right? Are black people happy when you can't worry about that? We going make mistakes, we're going to do whatever. That's right. But You know and it'll work out. You know. And Dave is so dope, man, Dave, like he is definitely one of the best. Absolutely genius. Without question that Dave told me a joke right When and the Chappelle show, he going to tell me a joke and I'm like, oh man, that's funny.


He's like, Keith, that's your joke. I'm like, ah, you wrote the joke better than me You know. But he is that good. And like I respect Chappelle, Chris Rock, Wanda Sykes legends, they work like never before. That's right. And keep coming out with stuff all the time. So we know who the guys are. Right. You ain't gotta look for 'em. You know who they are. They Wanda, Chris Kat got cats up there and You know all that is just like I, I like to see that.


I like to see us give folk credit that deserve credit. And those guys Kev has been doing for so long and they still doing it. That takes a lot. It does. Richard Pryor, who is the best? Absolutely my top guy. Without a doubt You know. But after that you got You know Dave Fresh. I say Juan all the time because she don't get the love that she deserves. But yeah, we got a, we got a good thing going.


And when people go to comics at each other, everybody's at each other. But main thing, when I got sick, all the comics help me out. Chris Rock You. know what I mean? Wanda Forest, that's my sister. We were roommates. All of 'em got Seinfeld. Louis EK people don't even know all that. You and Wanda were roommates. Yeah. When 92. Wow. Yeah. How'd that happen? Well, it happened through like me and Cry like Chris Rock.


We were on BET together, but I didn't like him and all of 'em. Now I'm gonna get him. Why not? Why didn't you like him? Well we


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Greetings, GULs and Girls and Welcome to Haunting purgatory. Premier podcast for all things afterlife. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely Demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Welcome to Good Game with Sarah Spain, your one-stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports every day. I am bringing you the stakes, stats, stars, and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome, can't wait to show you around. And if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. We want good game to be just like women's sports. The best of the competition, teamwork and rivalries that we love, minus the toxic masculinity in drunken brawls. Where else but women's sports? Do we see a player passing her ex-wife on the w NBA's all time leading score list. And then watch her new fiance, teammate and MVP candidate talk about it afterward on SportsCenter. Shout out to Dawana Bonner and Alyssa Thomas the tea, y'all. The tea is so good. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect those stories and all aspects of women's sports. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview our well-known people who look like they have perfect lives. But like most of us, in fact all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively. And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode is a Promo You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. What point Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I oh God, this. See, I mean to push shots of road. We'll see, I'll be down You know. Gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurred perspective. I, I think if Bold Maleo hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Preach we giving you Reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I, I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black in Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Of course, when I went to audition at the comic strip, a guy named D Swer, he said, when I, I thought it did good and it was 86. I thought I killed him. But he is like, nah. And it wasn't good. You see a guy named Chris Rock, I'm like, fuck Chris Rock. So he was jealous. Yeah. Yeah. So I finally got to meet Chris on BET 88 and I'm like, yeah that guy. And we talking and a woman asked us on BET, what's your process?


And so while in Philadelphia I lift my shoulders up You. know what I mean? We do. We work out. We were trying to get better. Then Chris came up and said, well I knew we had something. He said, well in New York we actually working for something H-B-O-N-B-C, Saturday Night la Nah, nah, And I stroke more and more my chair that's, listen to that. And then I, after that I called one up and said we gotta move to New York.


And that's how we moved to New York. And then 10 years later, Chris take Wanda for he shows Fresh rock show shows Chris Rock Show. Yeah. So You know, like a lot of people don't know what everybody does and the connection, a lot of people don't know your connection. Your connection who hooked up and all that. They don't know that. They just think You know. Yeah, they think it's some industry shit but they don't realize like, no, these real relationships that forged overcome Relationships. Yeah. Grinding out And Yes and grinding out and all that. Water was upset when You know about You know a lot of things that when Chris Rock brought on the show, that changed the arc of everything.


And Chris Rock has got a lot of people in and people don't know that. You think about that Chris Rock show. Chris Rock had Wanda Sys Louis CK Who else was on that show? Dude that played Poie Ang, what's the brother's name? I can't remember his name. Lance. Lance, yeah. It's like, yeah. Same thing with Dave. You watch Dave show now. So many people. That's somebody now was all over Chappelle's Show Bill by You know Darnell. Yeah. Joe episode Joe Rogan. Yo. And who is Darnell? Donald Rollins. Man, stop it. Well Darnell, what me tell you something. It is not Now. He bugged me. Darnell. Yeah. He bugs me. Now let's talk about it Keith. Now We gonna talk.


That's Him right there. You see him right there with getting a wedgie? That's him right there. Get, let's talk about it. He bugs me now let's talk about it. No, like he bugs all Of us. No, this is real. This is kind of funny. I guess he was in a movie, right? Which movie? I don't know. It was with Cameron or something. Oh, death of a Dynasty. One of the movies, Whatever those stupid movies was. But I hated him so bad in the movie. I was rooting for him. They get shot. Yes. I was rooting him like get him, get him, get them. Yes. And then when he finally got shot, he still was hammering up Uhuh back up.


I'm like, I, I called him. I said, I I can't stand you. I was rooting for you to get shot. And he was like, How much I'm gonna use that one on him? Yeah. Yes. He'll tell you. I well I do love him now. That's why I love down now. 94, 95 I did a show in the projects for You know, mainly for my boy Nate Singletary. But I You know he had passed away. But he was always asking me to do a show in the neighborhood. But I wanted to You know being a guy and come back for open.


It didn't happen. So when, when he died I was like, boom, we're going to do this show. Right. The project And I brought Ell Will Simmons in Edward Edwards and Rich vs. And went there and Darnell killed so hard. He wasn't mild back then. He was good. No mild He wasn't mild. You mild now, right? Yeah, but he killed so hard. They, they still talk about him. He would talk about a guy named Fat Timmy on a bike or Fat Timmy on Tommy.


It was so funny. They, everybody in the name wouldn't still remember Darnell from that joke. Wow. Because was that powerful. And that's the only reason I like Darnell Now. They said, well I don't have a reason to like Danell. He is, Darnell is one of the best standups doing it though. You gotta you gotta give him his credit 'cause he'll say that we didn't give him Don't him too much credit though. Yes, but no, he, he's one, he's one of the best standups doing it. Absolutely. Yeah. Now at one time they said you lost your voice. Yes man. And after the stroke my voice was gone. My, my voice box and all that And, I got a contraption from $9,000.


I'm putting in my mouth pause I guess. Yeah. No. And contraption stopped the air from escaping from my nose. You know And I end up losing it. But I had enough confidence by then with my voice coming back to go on And. I needed that one minute confidence because that was mostly wise, the confidence. I can know it. And when you can talk and it's so frustrating. And I. I do a joking and the special Different Strokes about going through the drive through and when you go through the draw through, when you can talk clear, they barely understand what you're saying.


And they were like, I was at, can I say the Chick-fil-A Yeah, of course. I'm at the Chick-fil-A and I'm like can I, they said we don't understand you, can you, we don't understand. I'm like, hold up you Chick-fil-A you saw nothing but chicken. Guess what I want You know and just figure it out. You ain't got nothing else chicken. That's it. And You know. And that was a frustration and it really was frustrating. When people don't understand you, you can't curse somebody out or they got what?


You know you tall huh? Ah shit. You know. So Did you ever think you lost your funny or did you, or did you ever lose your funny meaning? Like you didn't find anything humorous? No, not no. You know I found a lot of stuff funny that happened. You know because that's what it is. You know because like I said, when Chris, when I went back to the Cellar, Chris Rock, his first thing was, Hey Strokey Robinson. Damn. See I love shit like that. But that let me know I was back.


That's right. That's right. You know. I ain't getting mad. I was back of mine. Yes, that's it. But what Did you say back to him though? Nothing. I ain't, I was laughing. Oh okay. Anyone understand anyway? 'cause my voice was still messed up. So he like, so you said stroking Robinson like my man You know. What Did you say to Chris after the Will Smith incident? You know I'm from Philly. Will from Philly You know Charlie Mack. I know him and all that. I just didn't like it. You know. 'cause Chris is like, You know.


I I love that guy and You know I I ain't mean well a lot but You know in Philly. So I, I had feeling love for him either way. But And I that hurt to see that because it was You know that, that moment it was just, it wasn't not, I didn't laugh. I didn't You know. I'm not, I wasn't, I Mean it wasn't nothing funny about it. Mine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I found funny and everything, but not, not that maybe it was somebody else. I was like, but it was Chris You. know what I mean? And that, that got me a little bit You know.


But it is overall, hopefully You know. What did you say to him? Did you say anything To him or No. Okay. I mean, I, I was, I had a joke but it was just a one time joke. I ain't Finn on nothing. Chris is calling me Stroking Robinson. I calling him slapping white You know That's a little You know a little corny joke. But You know Salute to them. What, what qualities do the greats like Kevin, Dave, Chris? What, what qualities do they have that make them who they are? Right.


They working out You know we got the up and coming guys. Your boy Andrew Schultz, that's my guy. He's coming. You know Michael Ch coming You know And I like to see that. I never was jealous of anybody. You was jealous of Chris? No, I wasn't jealous of him. I was a fake man at, I was kind of mad at him for somebody saying, Hey, get outta here. You should meet Chris Rock. I mean the guy was looking back on it. The guy was absolutely right. Yeah. But You know.


Yeah. Like I'm bring a lot of comics in. Right? Like at end, at the end of my special, you see all the comics around me when the credit's rolling. But that's all the comics. You know you bring in And, I think every comic bring another damn comic in. Right. Stop talking and happening. I love what Tiffany had said. She had thing ready. Yeah, absolutely. Bring comics in. That's right. That's right. Stop complaining. The whining among you people make everything about themselves, but in common you keep bringing them in and then You know it helps out.


So you have all in common. Wait a minute, A minute you have all the comics and it's like, it just keeps it going. You know, like I said, Andrew Schultz, Michael Chang, my many young folks, Regie Consequence and Monroe Martin and Derrick Ganges, St. M Johnson, Amina, Amani, all those folks bring them in and You know. And then you see it keeps going and going and it never stops. Kevin did You want for you, well Kevin did that for you with back of the bus.


Back of the bus. Funny. Yeah. That was your, that was your first freshman. That was, that was a Kevin Hart Presents. Yeah, but Kevin knew better. What you mean He knew better? I sock him if he didn't. Oh yeah. What did more for you that special back then? Or this one now than Netflix One? This one. Okay. Why you say that? You can feel it. You can feel when Antenna You know the Ecosystem. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know and Different. Strokes. Now that one is doing great 'cause it's back on now they brought but on every platform. Excuse me, that's 10 years.


Every platform back in the buses keeps going. What made you wanna do this special? What made you say You know I wanna do it. And did you feel like, ah, I don't know if I want to put this out there. No, I wanted to put it out here before, before when I was home and didn't even perform, I was talking to Charlie Mack on the phone. I said, You know what? I'm gonna do a special and I'm gonna call it Different Strokes. And he said, what? Yeah. He said, well what about Different Strokes? And that's, that's Charlie's them foot. Shut up Charlie.


But yeah, I knew I I wanted to do something and then when I got back on stage for the first time, it was like I was nervous. And, I didn't know if my voice would last. Right. So I was You know, but it wasn't, wasn't pretty good. And I kept going and going. I called Juana sys up. I said, Juana, I'm ready to go on the road. And Juanna took in the road and start building and building and building and that was it. Wow. I heard you say that you don't want audiences to pity you. You know.


You, you, you want their laughs. How do You know you're not getting pity? Laughs. Oh, I know. Okay. Because that's, I do my best because You know they look at me when I see them pitying me. You know I'll throw something in there to throw 'em off. Well, they got this guy, he's an asshole. Because I saying You know I'm newly handicapped. I was never handicapped before, but I'm new of this shit. But only thing about it sometimes not forgetting that I'm handicap, but I found myself laughing at handicapped people.


So they like, they go that I give 'em those shots. I feel like you can do that though. It's like a black person saying the N word. Like we can say it 'cause we black. Right. I feel like you can make handicap jokes and laugh at handicap people 'cause you Handicap. No, this is what happened. People who have been handicapped all our lines. Right. And a few comics, they didn't look at me like, this guy's a fraud. He wasn't born handicapped. Were born this way. And they look You know. I called the person looking at me. I he was asking for it.


This nigga was asking for it. So there's a beef between naturally born. So you like a tra you like trans Jesus Christ As funny as I That is crazy. I may train. So there's Cis Handicap. It's cis handicap, And I may a trans handicap. Oh My goodness. You trans handicap do, do you look at handicapped? Did you, do you look at handicapped people differently? No, because You know. 'cause You know one time you would just handicap spot. You just take the spot. Yes. It's what it is. You know what I mean? Do you look at handicapped people differently and No.


I mean, I see what they go through now. You and I, I'm, I'm more aware when I see a guy with a handicapped thing and he is walking with no problem, I get it kind. I can get kind of angry. Angry. Yeah. Like what a Come on man, I at me limping You. know what I mean? I get it. I get it. Do you have any like stroke awareness? Like do you tell people like You know other comedians or just people in general, things that they can change now? So maybe have some preventative measures to not have a stroke? No.


Damn Keith. I don't give a damn. No. I You know what, no, I don't want him, I don't want him do that. Yeah. Walk around the stroke guy. The Stroke guy. Yeah. But, but You know, like, 'cause people should know, like You know, we talk about up here, about men's health. He always talks about You know, getting a colonoscopy. So I would just question like You know you, you made fun earlier about the, the You know, the, the vi the Viagra. But do You know what the reason was? Was it high blood pressure? Was it the way that you ate? Was it not sleeping, was it Yeah, probably all that. All above. And You know being a comic, I'm never going to do that.


All right. Anyway. Run a month all the time. You know. But I say if there's something going wrong and you feeling go to the hospital. Yep. I took, I mean, I was a jackass. I I would be still able to box And. I don't went to the hospital still, but I got laid. I'm joking. If, if there is something that you feel you gotta go to the hospital.


Yeah. Go see what it is. I don't care. If, you see What the hell it is. That's right. Because you never know. You know. And I knew actually You know I wasn't You know walking around like limping, like, oh shit, what's going on? And, I, papa, aspirin, like that was going You know. Yeah. But God was with me through all that. And You know. There it is. You Think you're funnier now or funnier before the stroke? Now And I. Think I You know. I actually think I'm funnier now because I'm more in the pocket and more word economy.


And, I word. Like I'm painting manning now. If, you look at back of the bus. Funny. I was all over the place. Moving around, I can jab And. I felt some movement can help out. The jokes movement now can't help. But the jokes now, And, I have to express exactly what it is toward team. So I think our name be better now, but I was always pretty good. I remember you and Amy had that podcast. Three girls, one Ke Yeah. Y'all stopped doing that. Was that after? After yeah.


When you had the stroke? No, that was while the first stroke. That was the first stroke. Okay. The first stroke. I was still moving. You know we did a thing called, was I, I did a thing. Was I wrong? Now I'm gonna ask you guys what I wrong. This girl called me from New York. Right. She was in Philly. She said, Keith, come to Philadelphia and let's go to a restaurant and get something to eat. I said, well, I'm coming from New York. I'm not coming for no reason. Come on now.


You. know what I'm saying? She said, no, I I got it. So we go to Red Lobster. That's where Red Lobster with the shit And. I go there. She's eating belching. Ah, right. I said, well, we gonna go to this hotel. She said, no, I ain't got a headache. I said, oh, okay. Okay. And she goes, I said, order the dessert. I'm going to the bathroom. I went right back down in my car and drove home. Was I wrong That woman when she heard about you having a stroke?


She said that was your karma. You Think I was Wrong? No, because you told her from the beginning you should at least paid your half If. you paid your half. It wouldn't have been that bad. You should have paid your half. Whatever. You wasn't wrong, but you wasn't, you wasn't wrong. You told it from the beginning You. know what I mean? But you, but you could have paid his half. It is like You know what? I'm gonna tell you something. Kee pussy has ruined your life. You should be gay. What? What? That's what Ive gotten from this whole conversation. Pussy has absolutely ruined Keith Robinson's life. Life. No, I See. Now you're thinking about it.


Maybe I'll be wrong.


Well, the Netflix special Different Strokes Yes. Is out right now. Man. It's a pleasure to meet a legend like yourself. Absolutely, man. Absolutely. We appreciate you joining us this morning. Thank you, man. Absolutely. Thank you guys. Watch Different. Strokes on Netflix right now, man. Keith. Keith Robinson. It's The Breakfast Club.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Good game with Sarah Spain, your one-stop shop for the biggest stories in women's sports every day. I'm bringing you the Steak Stars stats and stories to keep you up to date. If you're new to women's sports, welcome and if you've been around, let's make things nice and comfy for our new friends. Good game is where we go to celebrate debate and dissect the teamwork competition and rivalries that we love to watch. Join us. Let's have some fun. Listen to good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside. But through our discussions, they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend, improve as a parent. There's so much discussion of how do we build our careers? When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Raso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


If, you wanna grow, you gotta step outta your comfort zone. Join me, Jenica Lopez for season three of my podcast Over comfort. Every week I'll be having honest conversations with some of my favorite friends. This Is like me actually first time talking about it. My mom is gonna literally kill me, but I'm so sorry, mom. Sorry. We're opening up about the good stuff, the vulnerable stuff, and the crunchy stuff. Listen to the Over Comfort podcast with Jen Lopez on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.