
You're listening To an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the back May 16th on Paramount Plus this season the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount plus with showtime plan.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Okay, have you heard about this last year? The green change, the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Basketball fans, it's crunch time. The NBA playoffs are heating up and every game is do or die. With the finals on the horizon, there's never been a better time to get in on the action. Right now you can play along with DraftKings Pick six. A fresh way to experience daily fantasy sports. All new customers who pay just $5 will score $50 in bonus picks to keep you locked in all postseason long. Get started. It's simple. Just download the DraftKings pick six app and sign up with code TBC. Pick at least two players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat like they score 20 points or have three or more assist. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and sign up with code TBC only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. Lizzo special. Hi. Hey welcome. What's up everybody? How you feel? Good. I feel good. I'm a little sleepy. I'm not gonna lie. You You, you you look good. Everybody talks about, you know, your, your physical appearance and how you lost weight. But to me I see somebody that has changed mentally and spiritually. I see somebody that's on a healing journey. 'cause you got a glow about you. You definitely glow. Glow. So mysterious Lit. Yeah. Thank you. I I well that's where it starts.


I think I had to start with, you know, cleaning out my mind and my energy and clearing out all of the negativity around me. And I feel like I released so much I was holding onto and then it starts to manifest physically as well. Like that's why I don't call it a weight loss. I do call it a Weight Release because it started, I got snatched here first and then my body just followed suit. So yeah, I do feel amazing. I feel like I've always been in a good place 'cause I'm always a positive person. But I think that I was not a aware of just like how much toxicity has started to kind of come around in my life. And I had a really beautiful period of isolation and clearing of that energy.


And now I just feel like, oh, I was holding on to so much. You gotta let go. It's hard for me. I'm a Taurus so I'll, I'll hold, I'll hold the fuck on. Yeah. Hardheaded, stubborn, loyal, you know, so, but I I I'm so glad you feel that it is a aura thing. Yeah, You could definitely tell. You said pil Pilates helped a lot with it too, right? I started out with Pilates. Yeah. 'cause my back was hurting And I was the best way to get moving. But I do a lot of things. I strength train. I do yo yoga, sculpt, I hike, I play pickleball. I got a water bike, you know the little bike you put in the pool And you just, Pilates was one of the best. I did Pilates with my daughter.


Wait, you Do Pilates? Yes. Yeah. My daughter wanted me to go with her so excited because I didn't want to go at first. But it was, you know it, you do some stuff with your daughter. Yeah, And I did it. She's 21, 23 and she took me to do Pilates. Yeah. And it was the most amazing thing. All my aches, all my pains. Yeah. It was able to stretch it out. It was, it was. I'm the only guy in there there, which Is crazy because Pilates, that's a man. His name is Joseph Pilates. Correct. A man created it and, and is designed to help you with longevity. So he lived to be like, well Emini here. I think he passed away in a house fire. But he could have lived to be like 200 years old. They just gotta change the music a little bit. Sometimes that music just don't be for me when they be Playing Lizzo.


No he don't. Playing stuff that motivates you to keep doing it. Sometimes just need a little trap. Pilates, what you wanna hear some little trap music sometimes. Trap Pilates is crazy. You better trademark that for somebody taking in Atlanta now. Actually one of our friends up there has that. I saying Weezy, we does trap do that. Does trap out Fitness Wey does That. She has a spot New York that does trap Pilates. Wes from the Decision to Decisions podcast? Yes. Has she has an actual place called Trap House Fitness. And that's what they do. It's Direct Pilates. Okay, but is it called Trap Pilates? Because I'm a, I'm a branding girl. I'm gonna trademark that. It is Trap House Fitness. I don't know. I don know if you Trap. Oh that's cool. Well, okay. Trap is not taken. Listen, it's a billion dollar idea. There you go. You've always had a form of self-love that people can see. But I feel like it's just more radical now.


Yeah, I I think it, it has to be, I I have to fight for it a little bit more. But I think I always had to fight for it though actually. I just think it's just like, and as your life changes and different things happen to you, you got to, you know, move differently. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think it's just a life thing. Like you can't handle every situation in your life the same. You get older, you grow up. Everybody can relate to that. I'm Glad you said that. 'cause people think radical self love is a constant state. But no, you gotta fight for it every day. I don't love myself every day when I wake up, like some days I do wake up and I'm like, yes, but some days I wake up And I don't. And it's, it's the act of seeking that, you know, love for yourself and it don't actually always have to be love.


It could be like, it could be tolerate. You know what Emini here. Yeah. I'm just, or accepting that I don't like it and I'm cool with that, but I'm gonna get there one day. It, it's a, it is not a monolith, you know, it's a process. At what point in your career did you get to this point where like you even like talk about that side of it more. 'cause I feel like when you first came out, even when you did talk about like stuff that wasn't as positive, you still kept it so positive. But now that you stream, you really get into like how you feel for real, what you going through you like. And it, it was a lot more protected when Lizzo first came on the scene. From what I felt like the brand was protected a little bit more, but now you're taking control over a lot more.


I don't know, I just think people know me a little bit more. So I think I'm able to communicate things and not put a bow on it or have a happy ending because y'all just know me more. I think when I first came out, people didn't know me. So the brand is very like one note. 'cause it is like, oh that's that girl that's the happy girl who be twerking with the flute. Yeah. You know, and, and, but that happens to everybody. Like any artist, you just become like a thing, you're not a person. But I think the more we get to know artists and the longer they're in the game, the brand becomes more multi multifaceted And I think mine just expanded a little bit more. So I feel more comfortable communicating And I also, I feel safer on stream talking about these kinds of things.


'cause I know I'm in a room with people who get me. Y'all understand me, you know me so I can tell you how the fuck I'm feeling or what I went through and you know, these real moments that I have, I can share that. And I heard you, you, you were saying that people are kinder there as well. Like it's a better sense of community on Twitch and Streaming. That that, that's good. When did you, were you scared to before? Were you scared to dive into that part? You know, I always kind of flirted with it 'cause I love like running my mouth And I love talking And I love talking to my fans. I've always been this person like with my social media, so I had a whole twitch set up in my house just ready to go. And I was like, I was like I want a whole Streaming set up, da da I want games. All of that, the Sims and it was just in my house sitting there And I was kind of intimidated by it.


I would walk by it every day and be like, one of these days I'm a stream one of these days. And then I remember my friend Solana, she was like, bitch I'm about to be on Ana, like pull up with me. And I was literally, I was like, when she was like in two hours I said okay, let me get myself together and go pull up with my friend. Yes. Ssa. Okay. You said my friend Solana, a lot of people might not know you're talking about know who she was talking about. I know. You know, but the average person might not know. I just had, were you at the show last night? I don I just like average people might not know that. You just casually talking about I, I'm so sorry. Rewinding the track. Yeah. So s hit you said she was On. So CSA hit me and was like, I'm about to be on in like two hours.


Can you pull up with me? And I was like, fuck yeah, I'm gonna pull up with you. 'cause I'm like, I was so afraid. 'cause it's like he has like hundreds and hundreds of thousands damn near million people watching and commenting in real time. Oh God, that's terrifying. So I said, you know what, I'm gonna pull up and I'm gonna ride with my friend. And I was like, if, if anybody got anything negative to say, they'll say it about me. God damnit. You know. So I pulled up And I had so much fun And I was reading the chat and they were like, yeah W Lizzo. Yeah, WCI a Yeah Lilly Motes and shit. And I was like, oh, they're so nice. And that made me feel comfortable with diving into my own channel. I made Lizzo be twitching and and Kai got me like 40,000 Yeah.


Subscribers in like two seconds. He was like, everybody go spam Lizzo be twitching right now. Wow. And they all followed it And I was like, okay, now I have to stream because they just gonna be sitting in there, you know, building a cachet. So the therapy that really helped, what'd you say is the therapeutic? Absolutely. Okay. I have to run my mouth. I'm a life path three, I'm a communicator. So therapy was the beginning of that. Like, that saved my life. Having, being able to talk to somebody once a week and just run my mouth and figure out my issues. And I feel like when I communicate, when I write music, when I sing songs, when I go on tour, when I talk to people, it is very healing. It is very connecting.


And I need to connect. Yeah. To feel good. I can't be disconnected. I go actually insane. Yeah. I've learned You Mean you can't be disconnected from people? Yeah, I can't be disconnected from people. Wow. I go insane. Wow. So at What, so at a point where you said you had to step back and isolate, that was kind of hard for you too. Since you had to Emini here. I know you had to do it and it all, you know, made sense and it, it made sense in the end but it still was challenging for you. Yeah. 'cause you have to be connected to people, a person like that. It was a little insanity, but I think in, in a little period of insanity can be helpful. 'cause you have to do really hard work. Yeah. And I was at a point in my life where I, the, the internet hated me And I could not trust the people around me.


Like friends, family, coworkers. And I was severely depressed. And so I didn't have anyone to talk to. And I sat in that And I went crazy. But I, I spent time with myself, which I think I was always afraid to do. I know people who are like, I just need to be alone. I just need to go to the park and be by myself and read a book. I'm like, what? Not without a buddy, not without a sweet treat in a conversation. But when I finally did it, I was so afraid of feeling lonely And I pushed past that And I was like, you can be alone and not lonely. And you could sit with yourself and find out who you are now. 'cause you've grown up and you didn't check in, you know, and, and, and love her or like her or just know her and know what she wants.


And now I feel like I know who I am. I know who I am and can't nobody shake that because once I reintroduce myself back into connecting with people and friends and trusting the internet and you know, I'm like, I know who I am. I move with a different kind of confidence. But Why the internet though? Because I, because the reason I say that, you say the internet hates you, but you can leave your house and listen. Oh, everybody wanna take a picture? You do a show. Everybody gonna come to your show and be cheering for you. So why the internet? You know, there's people that love you. You wouldn't be Lizzo if people didn't, I didn't know that. That's the wild part. I I have a lot of my, in the beginning, a lot of my career and my validation was based off of social media. Like I was one, I was a part of that first generation of artists who really like galvanized their following on social media because that wasn't like an industry standard.


Even people don't even realize this because we've been microwaved by the internet. Yeah. We don't realize how far we've moved in a very short amount of time. Like pre 2015, this social media was not even a conversation in labels. But there were people like me and, and Lil Nas X and people like that. We were going online and we were just like talking to our fans like direct and, and galvanizing them and building a community. And so all of my love, because I'm not always on tour, I'm not always really around people. Like I'm be a house. I'm kind of boring. So all of the love and like we love you, like you're amazing. Like this is good. We fuck with you was all from the internet for me. And that was fine because I had built my community And I felt very safe with that.


And then that all kind of changed. And I feel like the Lizzo that I am has always been truly me. And it was wild to see that like you reach a point of fame where somebody can change that just by saying something about you that's not true or whatever. Yeah. Dangerous. Yes. But that's, that's fame. Like that is the definition of fame is for me is people. People could say things about you that aren't true and everyone will believe it. Of course. For better or for worse. You know what Emini here, it's like Lizzo got red toilet paper on her rider. Everyone will believe that. Like, that's, that's weird. Like that's just fame shit. So once that all changed, I I I started to, I believed that I was loved because the internet told me they loved me.


And when the internet hated me, I believed that I was hated. And I didn't believe like, so it was really weird. And when I, I isolated, I was really afraid of people. And there was this, and there was, I always say a concert, but it was renaissance. It was renaissance. Let's be real. I thought you was in like a concert in a park in la You know how like looked up, it was renaissance shout out beat. And I was like, I have to go. And I was so afraid to go. 'cause I, I just thought people were gonna, I don't know, throw tomatoes at me or something. I I I could get really self-doubting in my head, but I pushed through And I went And I promise you like I pro it was like one person, once one person recognized you, then like other people started.


Yeah. One person recognized me and they were like, Lizzo. And I was like, yes. It was like, I love you, come here. And they hugged me and then I got a video of it actually. So you weren't, you were in the crowd. I was in the crowd baby. I'm not in no suite. I was not in no suite at Renaissance. And you were Houston And I was where the people are. Wow. You were in Houston, That's the thing. Yes. She was definitely, you were definitely like that. I saw you in the mall that day and it was, it was like a chain effect. People were noticing her but she was kind of timid with it. Yeah. She was like, oh hi. And, and my buddy, my friend Quay, I was like, he was like, I just saw Lizzo. I was like, I wanna meet her. And then he was like, I'm gonna take you over there. And I was like, oh my god, I'm scared to meet you and you look just as scared. I'm like, girl you Lizzo. Then other people noticed and other people walk walking past noticed.


Then the little girl noticed with her dad and you got love. But you did seem like you were in a place where you didn't even know how to Accept it. Yeah. Yeah. At the mall. Yep. I was really uncomfortable. Yeah. Because I was like, I don't know what people are like thinking about me and that shit fucks me up really bad because if it, somebody's thinking something about me that's not true and it's like I can't prove it. Yeah. I can't, you know what Emini here it is just weird. I'm, I was like uncomfortable. So at the concert at, at Renaissance, people were just showing me love and hugging me and being like, we got your back. Like, that's dope. You know, shake that shit off. We love you, you, that's, And I, I didn't get any emotional now even thinking about it, I just started crying.


I was crying And I was hugging him And I was like, you know what, this is where real love is. You cannot get this shit off the internet at all. You cannot get this kind of love from the internet. This is the only, this is the only kind of love you can get. Like this is in real life. And I that I was like, I have to make an album about this. And so my album Love in Real Life is started from that experience. Mm wow. And I started to rediscover what real love feels like and what real connection and real community feels like. And now I know I can still get love on the internet but I, I also can curate it And I can weed out the real from the fake. I can differentiate now. I don't just believe everything, you know, I really actually at this point don't believe anything I see on the internet.


Yes. I was seeing so Much stuff about yourself or even before that time. Yeah. That you were like, what? That's just not true. And I'll see things about my friends that's not true. And I'll be like, what you mean like I'm with them right now. Like, that's not happening. But what makes you Remember That? But you gotta remember, nobody cares about the truth when the lies more entertaining. We always say that. As long as you know that you wouldn't pay this shit no attention. Also the mess is more entertaining. They don't, they don't care about the good News. We reward for it. Right. We reward people who do that, give them thousands of dollars for these chats that are fake and we don't punish them. There is no penalty. I was gonna ask, I Say too though, red toilet paper would be fire. You said that and that shit been stuck in my head. I was thinking about Got black toilet paper. I never seen no red toilet paper. Red Would be fire, But But you can't see nothing.


What you mean you can't See And I'm on my menstrual right now. I don't wanna think about red toilet paper because I just saw something. I just made something. I don't need that. I Was, I was gonna ask what puts you into that light? Like, you know, usually you're a pop star, right? And usually when you meet pop stars Period they are, you come on black girl pop star. Yes. A lot of times they're, they're assholes, they're standoffish. You don't see them. But we see you so much and every time I, somebody asks me about Lizzo, if she's been to The Breakfast Club or I met her, I'd be like, she's the nicest, she's cool, she's down to earth. What puts you in that mind frame to say I don't want to be like that. I want to be this. Wait, because You were at the mall by yourself. You were at the Charlemagne, went to the concert last night, asked him where he was. Sweet. But you were out on the floor like you do.


Why You judging me? Because I decided to be in a queen. He bougie. Real bougie. Okay, wait. But first half of that question was pop stars are assholes. You Said a lot of times you see p pop stars are, I don't wanna say assholes, but out of the way. Like you can't touch them. They feel like they don't wanna be next to their people. If you, if you go back and look at a lot of pop stars, you don't see 'em as personable as let's say you would be. That's interesting. I have a lot of sympathy for like really, really famous pop star people because a lot of them became famous when they were teenagers. A lot of them started this when they were like nine. And I can't relate to not to.


I'm just getting it together and I'm a grown ass woman when it happens to me. Right. You know what Emini here. So like that developmental stage where you're getting all of this like weird love and validation from like strangers and you can get anything you want and you know your comfort level starts to get real sensitive too. Like people open doors for you, people, you know, you have drivers pull up to you, you don't gotta drive, you 16-year-old don't got a license 'cause you've had a driver since you were 13. Like the way you're gonna move through The World is a little different than someone like me who, you know, I pretty much all the way up until I was 29 years old was working at restaurants, working at raisings canes work, like working at the mall, like playing shows to like 50 people.


One of my first shows I ever played with my mom, nobody was there but the sound engineer And I still went the fuck, not the fuck but it's okay. I still, I still went hard even though the only person there was the bartender and the sound engineer and my mom like, you know, I have, I had of a different experience with the success that I have. Like I was in, I was with the people, I would play festivals and then I would jump down off the stage and just go to the rest of the festival with everybody else. You know? So like when fame happened to when I became famous, when it happens to you, you know, it is strange for me because I feel like I became famous in 2020, which is weird.


Like after I won a Grammy, I don't think I was famous in 2019. I don't think I was famous in 2018. Yeah I feel like 2020 when I won the Grammy. And then guess what happened? I won the Grammy January. Guess what happened in March, 2020? Covid shut the country Down. But what was good for you though? Because I, I think that's when a lot of us needed like that like just something light and you, you were doing that all over the internet And I think that's what track it caught people so much, but maybe that's what put the box there too though. But but, but at that time I, we were all separated from each other because there was a global pandemic. Not because I'm famous And I need to be separated from everyone. So by the time we was able to be back outside, I still had my 20 18, 20 19 mentality. I wanna be where the people are. I want to connect with everybody.


Like I don't wanna be put on no pedestal. So I think that's the difference. I don't think it's a choice being like other pop stars are allegedly assholes. Allegedly. And I don't wanna be that. It's just like this is just who I am And I think everybody should just like be yourself. You know? Like I'm not gonna change who I am just 'cause I'm famous. Now lemme Ask you question. When did you first realize that confidence and healing weren't the same thing? Damn Listen Nigga y'all be with every day. Why he be why? I don't, I don't. I just don't. What on everybody we talking about Fun shit. He wanna be all serious. Let me think. That's a really, it's deep confidence in healing. Well they're not first off just by definition because I think people can fake confidence.


You can't fake healing. You can't be fake healed. Like, oh, you know, you gotta cut and it's like, yeah, I'm faking it. You know? That's a bandaid baby. You not really healed yet. You know, with confidence there are a lot of people who walk around and they can pretend to be confident. And actually I think that's what confidence's intention is, is to be used a little artificially. The fake it till you make it and then eventually you get there. Because my confidence, you know, I, I had to force it and fake it for a long time 'cause I didn't grow up in a world where they were like, you're beautiful. Hey,


What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Well, in, in your body is beautiful and we like you, we like your personality. Yeah. You watch anime and listen to rock music, we accept you. No, like I was very like other And I think that I had to be like, no, you are good enough. You are worthy of love. Your body is beautiful. Even when I didn't believe it. And I think that that eventually if you say something enough, it can come true. Absolutely. You can manifest it, you can create your reality. And I think I got there by faking it. But healing I think is a little bit uglier than confidence. And I, And I think I'm still learning that.


I don't think there's like a singular moment, but I think, man, it's funny 'cause you look back and you're like all these years of like telling myself, I I love myself and I'm beautiful and can't nobody tell me about me, da dah dah, dah. And then people can, and you realize, oh, all this shit wasn't even real. I was just telling myself this. I was faking the funk because if I really believed it, y'all wouldn't be able to take this from me. That's right. Y'all wouldn't be able to shake me. And then being like walking through The World now and being like, man, this person just said something crazy to me. People be talking to me crazy. I'm so nice. And I'll be like, okay. 'cause I'm like, you know, I don't need your validation, but okay.


But now people talk crazy to me and I'll be like, Hmm, but you know what, it's not even real. It, you're in pain. You're hurting for you to say something to me like this. What did I bring out in you? Did I make you, did I make you feel a little insecure for a second? Boo boo. Aw, I'm sorry. And I, And I hope that, I hope it gets better for you, But you give a lot of people grace though. Like I've seen people who have made it crack the joke or said something and then I'll see you do an interview a couple of years later and you give them the grace. Yeah. Why, why do you feel like it's, it's the right thing to give 'em grace instead of just giving the middle finger and saying, go fuck Yourself. Because people are as kind to others as they are to themselves. And if somebody is throwing hatred or, or, or saying something mean, just mean spirited about somebody just for the sake of doing it.


I can't imagine how you talk to yourself. I can't imagine how you think about yourself and treat yourself when no one's watching. And for that, I've already won. So I don't need to win in real life and sit up and talk bad about nobody. I don't have anything bad to say about nobody. And I've been dogged. I've been dog walked. Yes, you have. And I, I don't have anything to say. I have nothing bad to say I 'cause because I love the person I've become through it all. And I think that's the real prize. That's the real reward. What did you, well first on that note, does it get on your nerves though that sometimes every single thing you do, people still relate it to like wanting to talk about you in certain ways?


Like you were at the Met Gala, the outfit went off. Every headline though is about your weight loss and not about how good you looked. And I think that that's unfair and that happens a lot with you. Does that get annoying to you where it's like, I can't move around that. Like people always wanna talk about me? Well I signed up for it. Mm. I knew when, you know, back in 2014 and big girls weren't wearing leotards on stage. And I said, I'm about to put me on one of these Beyonce dance guitars and I'm about to have big girls behind me wearing them too. 'cause I, I knew that my body would be the focus of that conversation. And it was something that, because it was unavoidable, I either, I could hide and run from it and it, and people are are gonna do it anyway.


You know, it's like the big girl wearing your arms out theory. It's like we know your arms big, whether you, you know, cover it up or not. We know your arms big. So either enjoy the outfit and wear your arms out or cover your arms up. But we know we, we know what it is. So for me it was just like, I'm just gonna run head first into it. What I didn't know is that it would never go away. That's what Emini Here. No, it's everything. No matter how much my body changes, it's never gonna go away. But I think that I have to just like accept that and I'm, I'm actually cool with it. It doesn't annoy me because I look good, you know? And even when I was bigger I looked good. So it's like, say what you want.


But there was always someone in the comments being like, yeah, but she's still beautiful and she looks soft and face card never declined. Gorgeous. Never gorgeous. So what about the time? 'cause I was reporting when all the lawsuit stuff happened and you didn't say anything for a long time. Like Not at all. Which most people come out and say stuff. I was wondering the day that it was dropped, how did you feel? Like, What was your thought process around that? Because you were in isolation at that point, right? I was in Japan. Yeah. How did like, On a dream trip, was it A breath of fresh air or did you feel like, but the conversation is still there and this is hard? Oh, it's very hard. 'cause I was confused. I was confused And I was a little like hurt.


But I was in Japan with, it was my first time ever being in Japan. I was with my best friend and her kids and we were at Hello Kitty World. And I'm like crying in the car, but I'm like, okay, wipe your tears and go in there and have fun with the babies. 'cause we at Hello Kitty world and you only do this once with these kids who've never been to Japan and that's their dream. So I did a lot of balancing between that. But I'll tell you one thing about Tokyo. They don't give a fuck what's going on in your personal life. Mm. In Tokyo they're like, listen, lemme take a picture. I'm like, okay. Like I had a great time. Like nobody's nosy in Japan. Mm. And I think being there was God for sure because though I was dealing with a lot of inner turmoil and hurt honestly and shock and confusion, I was in this place that didn't reflect that or throw that back at me.


I had my first panic attack when I came back to LA for the first time after everything the lawsuit had dropped And I was in Japan for like a month. Wow. And I landed in America. I had a panic attack in the car because as I was walking through the airport, I was like, everybody hates me. Everybody's, you know, I got in my head And I got in a car And I like, I had this like thought you was Having a heart attack. Yeah. I had this like pressure on my chest. Mind you, I've had anxiety attacks that feels different than a panic attack. I had pressure on my chest. I said, something's really wrong. I couldn't use my limbs or my body. And I was like, I literally crawled to my bed and just like broke down. I was like, what's happening to me? And I talked to my doctor and he was like, yeah, you got a panic attack.


Been Dealing with him my whole life. Yeah. And, And I think America, everybody want to know everybody business here. So I as assume I, it's this weird, almost like invisible, I'm not a victim so I don't wanna say attack, but it was like, you know, this pressure or this like, I don't know, it is like implied energy in America where I'm like, oh I need to hide versus Japan. I could be a Hello Kitty world. And everyone's like, Right. Yeah. Yeah. And you were attacked. You were a victim, you were attacked. I was Right. I know you, you were attacked, you were a victim. You say, but you were attacked. But It's no, when somebody lies on you, you were a victim. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Is that, when is that when you started thinking people hated you?


Because I, I wonder, do you remember what the industry felt like or what, what social media even felt like before that lawsuit? It felt very like silly and lighthearted. And I had like a lot of freedom to just scroll and not see nothing about me. And then I was on And I would scroll and every like three scrolls it was, And I was like, oh. Or be like, Liz, if I just see two Zs I, my heart start racing And I scrolling. It could have been pizza Z. And I was like that. And I just kept scrolling. So it, it felt, it felt a little bit more hostile. But I'll say in general, I think the internet has gotten more hostile for everybody. Oh yeah. Everything like outta nowhere.


It used to be so fun and lighthearted and now everybody is beefing and quar and dropping tea. And, and I'm just like, whoa, when did this happen? But that's when it happened for me. Like I was like, oh, I have to get off. And so from I would say October, 2023 to maybe even like April, 2024, I wasn't on my phone at all. I threw my phone away. Like I had my team post things for me. 'cause I had, I had to post about Yi And I had to post about, you know, little things I wanted to share with people. I didn't wanna completely disappear 'cause that's not who I am. But my team posted it for me. And I did not scroll, I did not look at the internet because I, I was too sensitive.


And I think, I don't think I could have handled it. And I'll also say this in reference to the, the lawsuit. I would say in light of all of the other like high profile lawsuits that have been coming out comparatively, the allegations against me, I think now we see were just like kind of ridiculous. You know, I cracked my knuckles. Hey Man, you sounded like a good time in the strip club to me. And And mind you, it was going to the strip club. It doesn't say that I did anything. Like I, I didn't do anything to anyone in that strip. I just went to the strip club and then like being fat phobic for firing someone for gaining weight. That just wasn't true. Crazy. But that was hilarious. It wasn't true though. I know. But just to, it was hilarious just to read that.


Right. Because it didn't make sense what I'm talking about. But that's why nobody believed it. It's like Right. But I, but I also have to say like, one of my fears is I don't want my situation and my lawsuit to be an indicator on any other that's going on. Right. I don't want it to invalidate any other actual re because I will always stand for real victims of sexual harassment and sexual violence and anything. And I will always stand for them and ride for them. So I don't want what happened to me to kind of invalidate anything else going on in The World. And that was really important to me. Which is why I was quiet Yeah. For a long time. 'cause I still want to protect victims. Right. How does that not change you?


Right. How does that not change Liz? Well, as a person. Right. It did though. Because now do you still go out with people? Do you still feel it's free? Do you, are you still the lizard That Oh baby no. Hell no. Right baby. Yeah. I, you see what I'm Saying? Because it it, it changes you as a person. And is that a good thing, a bad thing? I think it's an amazing thing. Why I, I am, you know what? God really loves me. I, I have to say that. And I feel like everything that happens to me is God. And God is preparing me for something that I don't even know about. Mm. But I feel like I readied myself now. I as a, I feel like a boss. Like I feel like a better boss. I feel like a better friend. I feel like I know how to run a, a big operation.


You know? 'cause mind you, back to the pandemic thing. I blew up in 2020. In 2019, I had maybe four crew members. I had one roadie, I had a tour manager and two dancers. And then The World shut down. And in 2020 And I blew up And I did my first arena tour after being in isolation for two years. And I'm suddenly standing in a room with 70, 80 people that I, I'm like, I don't, I don't, I wanna know everybody's names that works for me life. Gotcha. And it was really weird. And I got a crash course and being an arena level artist, a big artist, like after literally being a indie artist for 10 years and being in isolation for two years.


So by the time I was running a arena level operation, I didn't have no practice in that. Didn't have no experiences. And I learned the hard way how to be a boss, but I'm gonna be a better boss for it. And I'm really proud of myself. Yeah. If, if you are on my payroll, we're not going to the bar. Mm. We're not gonna have drinks together. You know, you know what I'm saying? The Breakfast Club will go with you to the program. But I got friends for that. I got friends for that. Right, okay. I got two friends. True. That's good. So then Who else? My best friend Lillo from H Town. Shout out Houston, Texas and shout out Shante. I Do want, so what do you, how do you decide like what's for the stage or what's for the public and what's sacred now?


Hmm hmm. There's a lot that's sacred. You know, my my my barter for what's for The World, if you really love something, keep that shit a secret. If you really love something, keep it a secret. Right. If so, there are things that I protect now that, you know, before I didn't think it of it as protection. I thought of it as like, oh my gosh. Like I'm keeping something from my fans. I'm keeping something from the public. Like, I want you guys to see this. Like, you should see this. Like, I literally like the term hard launch. I, that was me. You know, I, 'cause I was like, gosh, like love, like I want y'all to see this.


This is so beautiful. And then The World got two seconds of my relationship And I was like, oh, y'all, y'all know how to act. I Was literally just looking, y'all know how to act. I was looking to see, I was like, she ain't posted him in a minute. Y'all don't know how to act. You, you, you lost your privileges. She said animals. Yeah. So all yeah. All that cute shit. All that black love ah, back in the vault. That dope. Yeah. That dope Emini here. Maybe I only saw the, the positive stuff because I thought I saw a lot of people that were happy for you. I That When it came to a man. Yes. Yeah. But it was that bad. 'cause I, I was literally on my Instagram looking. I'm like, I ain't seen Her post in a minute. You know what people, people were really positive.


Mm. I, this isn't about like people, I do think that, you know, I don't wanna give nobody an opportunity to destroy something good. And I found that it wasn't really necessarily about my relationship that people did that. It was other things, my other relationships where that happened. And I was like, I don't even want to give you the opportunity. No shade. Like no disrespect. I love everybody. Thank you for being so cool. But due to new management in my personal life, I have to, I have to protect this because I saw so much get destroyed by lies. Yeah. And I didn't want that to happen to my relationships.


So it's very protected. Yeah. Nobody acted up. I don't want this clip to go out in people being like, but we didn't even say nothing wrong. Like, no, because I know how the internet can be. They'll take seven seconds and think that I am saying something else. But it, it was more so out of, it was preemptive. You know what Emini here, But I think you said it right. If you love something, keep it to Yourself. Yeah. It's that simple. Yeah. Do We have any tear jerkers on love in real life? We do. There's one song in particular that niggas had to leave a room. There was like, it ran out. I said, I am sorry. I had like, aw, I'm gonna get sad.


Even though it's not Emini here. It's a good, sometimes I feel sad, it's, well, it can't be a good thing. I wrote a, i I lost my, my dog. I lost my dog PCA and she was 20 years. Oh can you see? Can you speak What kind of dog? Oh, she lived a Long Lives Maltese. Yeah. And I lost her like in the thick of it December, 2023 when I was like at my most depressed. And then she left And I was like, mind you, 20 years. Like she like a grandma to me. Yeah. You know? And that really broke me down. And I wrote a song about it, but it wasn't just about Pookah. I, she said I sampled her voice on the song. But it was about loss in general.


You know, I lost my father very young. And, and so it was a song about grief and death And I was like, don't put this on your album. Like, I'm the happy girl. I'm the positive spin. And you know, I was like, you know what? I owe it to myself, not just to my fans or to to myself to put a song like this on my album. And so there is a moment in there it's called Phone to Heaven. And so that's a little tear jerker. Yeah. And there are some really raw emotional songs on there. Like I got a song called Like a Crime. And I think that you can decide what that song is about when you listen to it. I'm really excited for this album because I feel like as a artist, everybody got into my singles but they never got into my albums.


And my albums are so good. Yeah. And they're so well thought out. And I really want the album to shine this time and not just, oh my God, a number one hit about damn time. 'cause it's like my album don't sound like special. Doesn't sound like about damn time. And, and 'cause I love You didn't sound like Truth hurts. You know what Emini here, there was so many other songs that show off, like, and these songs did they show off my musical ab ability. But like I had such, I have such a amazing catalog. It's an body of work I'm so proud of. So this time I want people to get into the album, which is why I've been, I've gone a little rogue, you know, I opposite of what the label once for me, where I'm, I'm servicing music.


I just dropped the demo to Still Bad Today actually. Wow. Look at that timing. I dropped the demo to Still Bad because I like the demo more than the finished song. And there's a, there's a a and r process with music that people might not be privy to, but you write a song in a studio, the a and r comes through and they go, okay, fix this, write this re rewrite this bridge. The production needs to be more like this. And you're like, okay. And you sit in with the producer and you and you work on it. And I've done that process like about damn time took like seven months and there were like a thousand versions. So with Still Bad, we did the same thing.


And by the time we were done with Still Bad, and this is, this is, this is really how I feel. And I am sorry to Atlantic Records, but by the time I was done with Still Bad, I was like, this is just another about damn time. Mm. And I looked at Ricky Reed And I was like, be real with me. I was like, does this sound like about damn time? And he was like, no, no. And I'm like, yeah, from a sonic level it's different instruments that take the lead. It's a different BPM it's a different key. It it has, it's more indie LEAs. And I was like, I I'm gonna trust y'all on this. I started doing press and interviews for it and everybody said, yeah it's like disco funk. It's like a disco funk. And I'm like, no, it's not a disco funk song.


Like about damn time was disco funk. This is indie sleaze. But people don't fucking know that. They don't know the difference. Music is about feeling not everybody a music major and studied the, the theory behind. No. They just wanna feel it. And it felt like about damn time. And I should have followed my gut. But because for me this album is rock and roll and the the demo version of Still Bad that I put out is very rock and roll, no shade to the other. Still bad. I'm gonna let people decide which one they like more. 'cause they, both my babies one is just cuter. The people who listen to your music, they know why you successful. Right. But then you have some people who feel like you were only successful because at the time people were checking off boxes.


You had a black woman, you big, you know, diversity, all of that type of stuff. What do you say to those people? I would say that I created that lane. I don't think people were looking for diversity. I was undeniable. And that, that created the trend of checking boxes. I don't disagree that at a certain point we, we started checking boxes. When, when it comes to checking a box of black fat woman, I'm a ride for that. Every time. I don't care. I'm rooting for everyone black and I'm rooting for everyone. Fat, black and woman, I don't care. You don't have to, if you not the most talented person in The World and you got pushed through, yay. Because it happens to other people all the time who don't look like that and we deserve it.


But but you not big no more Lizzo. I Am big. We we talk about No, you Not, you're not Baby. I'm big. No, no is not the biggest Say I'm the biggest the Big mama. She's not big. You Big no more said that that, so Now, okay, I'm in a room full of people I trust. Right. The internet is like, oh, Lizzo skinny now I am, I am well over 200 pounds. Yeah. Do you know what I'm saying? I'm five foot nine. But you're clearly treating in a different direction. I'm, I got doubled numbered pants on right now. But you, I'm trying to be skinny Though. I say you playing hell No, no, No.


Okay. Yeah, because I that you look amazing. Thank you. I think, are you saying that you're bigger than what an industry standard is because you're not Yes. But yes, you are bigger than what some people would determine an industry standard. Yes. But that standard is like gone. It's 20, 25 people. I don't even think that's Probably next to any pop star right now. Like I'm still bigger than them. Do you know what Emini here? Yeah, I get what you're Saying. Yeah. You actually look normal compared to them. I'm just saying when I think About Oh, I hear you. Yeah. You look normal compared to them. But they look like unusually skinny. Yeah. Yeah. And that's what Emini here, like 20, 25. People wanna see people that look like them and that, but, but is it because I, a lot of my friends that I, that I talk to that are on weight loss journeys, they have like a body dysmorphia thing where they're never in a good place with themselves. Yes. Did you experience that or do you deal with that?


Sometimes? Yes. I actually didn't realize how much my body changed until I was filming the Love and Real Life music video. I was in shock. It shocked me because the way that I'm releasing weight has been a long, slow process. Like, people maybe not have seen me or been keeping up with me, but I've been posting about it. Yeah. And I'm in a calorie deficit, so that's the one that sneaks up on you. If you're in a deficit for so long. It eventually, you're just, you're just shedding like half a pound a week. Mm. You know, and then you look up and it's, if it's been 52 weeks, that adds up. So when I was filming Love in Real Life and they put the outfit on me, And I seen the number size on the pants, I said, wait a minute, hold on.


Like, there's not a two in front of the, that's supposed to be a two right there. Why is that a one? I, I was like, okay, something has happened. Some you've, you've crossed the threshold, your body has done the thing. So now it's about controlling that and, and making sure that it doesn't get out control. Because my mind will keep going even though my body is like, Hey, we're good. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, because when I look in the mirror, I still see me in 2023. I still see me at a heavy, at a heavier weight. And, and thank God I love myself because That's fine. Yeah. I think that people who really experienced the body dysmorphia the most, they didn't like themselves at that size.


And when they look in the mirror and they see that person, it's, they get upset and it's not enough. And, and that's hard. But, You know, those people have with the opposite that they miss that weight because they were that weight for so long. Yeah. And it feels like that's not them anymore. Like they miss that person. Yeah. And that weight, I, I, I experienced that too. I, I'll say this is gonna, only my big girls who have released some weight are gonna understand this. How do I say this?


Hey, what up Y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


For period protection. You can put on and forget about nothing beats Nick's Leakproof underwear, north America's number one Leakproof underwear brand. Let's face it, life can be unpredictable, but your leakproof underwear shouldn't be. That's why millions of people choose Nick's for periods for light leaks, for everyday freshness. Nick's undies are super comfy, super absorbent, and made to handle whatever your day throws at you. Day two of your period covered your daily run. No problem. That big sneeze, you know the one? Yep, we've got you. And with styles like bikinis, boy shorts, thongs and high-rise plus sizes from extra small to four XL Nix makes it easy to find your perfect fit. Say goodbye to stress and leaks and say hello to undies that work just as hard as you do, no matter the leak. Find the style and level of protection you want@nix.com and use code flow 15 for 15% off. That's KNI x.com code flow 15 for 15% off nix for your leaks for your life.


I felt, how do I say this without sounding crazy? Oh, here we go. You say it. When I was bigger, I felt skinny. I felt skinnier than I do now. When I was bigger, I'm not gonna hold you. When I was in my string bikini And I was at my heaviest weight, I was like, skinny bitch. And that's when I realized like thin is a feeling. Yeah. It's not a look. It And, and so is fat. Fat is a feeling like you ever been around somebody thin and she's like, ah, I'm so fat. I feel so fat today. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's a feeling it's not real. You know what Emini here, like society tries to tell you that it's real and the scale tries to tell you, but it's really how you feel on the inside.


Yeah. So I felt skinnier then than I do now. Maybe I'm told that I'm dead. I think you gotta be both though, because I get what you're saying, but if you're 300 pounds, you're 300 pounds. That's more than just a few, Right? No. And let's be real. Yes. Like there is like a science behind it, you know? It, there is an aesthetic to it, but I also think that it, we've seen where Jessica Simpson had on Mom jeans in 2005 and they were calling her fat and she wasn't. Yeah. So it, it gets misinterpreted and misconstrued all the time. There are objective truths, you know, there are people who are bigger And I think that's fine. And yeah, we fat. I like calling myself fat.


I think it's A race component too though, because if, if Jessica Simpson was black back then you'd be like, damn, she thick. You know? You're Absolutely right. Yeah. But that's a whole other conversation. That's a Ted talk. Yeah. We didn't get into, we can get into that. I do want to know the racialization of beauty standards. How was racist? Let's Talk about it. Wait, What was your question gonna be though? Well, I, I was gonna ask you, you know, what parts of your identity did the industry try to monetize, or dare I say even exploit before you even understood it Yourself? Yeah. I didn't know. 'cause you know, I was being myself and the industry is, is exploitative. That's, that's its job. Its job is to, because think it's an industry.


There's car industries, they're, you know Right. Getting a product out there and they'll exploit the workers to do that. You know what, Emini here. So for me, I don't look at it as a negative thing. I know that word is so crazy, but it's like I was being sold, I was being packaged, marketed, and sold for being myself. And that was a weird, that was a strange thing. I can't imagine people who have to fake their brand. Yeah. Because that would drive me insane. I would be like, yo, dude, I don't wanna do this shit no more. Yeah. I don't wanna be happy. I don't wanna play the flute. I don't wanna be fat. You know what Emini here? But you said, when did I realize it?


Yeah. Damn. I think maybe even now. I think when I'm started to release weight, that's when I realized it. Because I, I remember I was, I had, I was talking to my trainer at the time And I was like, yeah, I'm, I, I wanna just like, intentionally like let go of some weight, like get a little bit smaller, da da da. And he was like, oh, I'm about to fuck up your brand. And I was like, wait, what? Shit. I was like, what does that mean? And I had to think about that for a while. Like, and then, and that was when I was heavier and, you know, X amount of pounds down later I saw the backlash. People were upset And I was like, wait, what's happening?


Yeah. And that was what he was talking about. And I, two things are happening. The industry packaged and sold me and my fatness and my joy and all of that and marketed it to people. People saw themselves in that. But they also were just like, I don't know how, how do I say this from being very respectful to my fans. Because when it changed, it was like, you aren't that pers you are a, you are a liar. You know, you lie. That wasn't real. I was sold. Wasn't real. It's like I got the, I got the package, I got the product, and then it was like always, always works.


And then it stopped working. You know, because they feel like if you're, if you were so proud of it, why would you lose it? Right. You changed on me. Right. And how do I say this? But There are all kinds of issues like, you know, like health issues Yeah. And things like that, that can come along with obesity and things like being fat. And it's like, why can't I want to, you know, why can't I do this for y'all? Bring more awareness to that part of it. Yeah. And then we'd go on this journey together. Y'all my fans, y'all, you know, I'll Say the only way I was able to do what I've done and change my body was because I loved myself. Yeah. I've never done anything healthy or positive to myself out of hatred. Hmm.


I've been smaller than this before And I was starving myself. I wasn't eating. And I, And I was the most unhappy in my entire life And I hated myself the most at my smallest. So the, you know what Emini here, like, I've also been heavier and I've hated some of that too. And I've also loved some of that. It's just like, it's just not one thing. Yeah. There's like so much nuance and it's like I'm a human being. You know what? Emini here and I'm living in this body. You don't have to live in my body for the rest of your life. You have to live in yours. And people, I'll tell you one thing about me. I'm always on the right side of history, people gonna look back and understand because what I'm doing now, gosh, people gonna think I'm full of myself.


But what I'm doing now is fucking revolutionary. And it's pushing body pos positivity forward. Not because I've gotten smaller, but the way that I'm talking about my body changing. Yeah. Because what people don't realize is, in 2019 when I was talking about body positivity over the, over 20, 20, 20, 21, I had gained 50 pounds. Wow. And I was talking about that experience and talking about body positivity and how I loved myself through it all. And now when I'm on the other end of that, I'm not changing my tune. And I think that would be fraudulent if I all of a sudden change my tune and say, aha, fuck that. Yeah. I hated it. Haha. I hated being being Gotcha. You got bamboozled bitch. Run me.


Like no. Like, I'm going to be me through this entire process. And when people look back on this, they'll be like, yeah, yeah. She was right. That's why I started the interview off talking about your mental health. And that's why I asked you the question about confidence and healing. Because you know, people can talk all about the physical, the revolutionary thing about it to me is what you have done spiritually and mentally. Yes. Yeah. And it's a lot of work. And it's a lot of work. And that's why I can say I am the best version of myself right now. You know, there's people, like I said, like I said, I, when I was younger And I had like very disordered eating And I was like really depressed And I was like really hard on my body.


I was very small. There's people who look back at old pictures of that time in their life when they were smaller. Like, oh God, I don wanna look like that again. Oh that was, that was it. Honey, if I could just go back to when I was 19. Yeah. I don't wanna go back to her because how you felt. That might've been the worst version of myself sleeping in my car and, and you know, going through it and, and running into violent and dangerous situations. No. And not eating. Now that's, I don't understand the name and not eating. Liz will be eating because you wasn't eaten baby. No, there's nothing, there's nothing cute about hurting yourself. There's nothing cute about harming yourself. There's nothing cute about starving yourself. Like, and, and now it's like I am the best version of myself.


Not because of how I look, even though I may be heavier than I was and small, you know, or heavy. What am I trying to say? I'm heavier than I was when I was at my smallest And I'm smaller than I was and when I was at my heaviest Mm. But 'cause I'm here. That's right. This is right. This is, this is what makes me the best version of myself. That's right. And no matter how my body changes, I get pregnant, I have a baby, my body gonna get bigger, my body could get smaller. Who knows? This is what's together you miss is, you know what Emini here. And this is the most important part. And that's the part that I hope to my younger fans and to people who follow me, they don't, they don't just see my body changing and me being happy. I hope they feel that it was mental work and it was em emotional work.


And no matter how my body changes, this is gonna be the most important thing to me. Do you have Real, real joy now because it, because it feels like you were being joyful as a form of, of, of pro protests or maybe a survival tactic maybe. So You have real joy now. Hmm. Yeah. I, I think that black joy in any form is resistance in this society. And I think it's radical in this society. I think seeing it from someone who looks like me is even more radical. And because of that, y'all don't see me 98% of the time. Like y'all see me 2% of the time.


And why would I be miserable? Right. When I'm doing what I love, when y'all see me, I'm doing what I love. I'm either on stage, I'm shooting a music video, I'm doing an interview. I'm actually genuinely happy to be here. Yeah. Like, I like talking to y'all, you know, but then there's like a whole other 98% where I may be in a bad mood or I may be, you know, over it or you know, my stomach hurt. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Like, damn, like I, I'm a human being but that part isn't shown to The World. But I do believe that my joy is still a form of resistance. Especially, especially right now. You know what Emini here, where Emini here always we're in a system that doesn't wanna see us joyful.


That's right. You know what Emini here, they police our joy so much. And I think that my mission, I think everybody has different missions, you know, to help us. But right now my mission is how do I help people find a community that brings them joy? Because that, that's, that's powerful. I wanna go back to the conversation that we almost got into about the black beauty standard and the, the difference with you being in the space that you're in. I remember it was a long time ago, Jillian Michaels, she had came out and said something, the weight loss lady and people defended you so gravely because they felt like she wouldn't have said certain things if you weren't a black woman of said, I don Dunno what she said. So, so Neither. So it was, she talked about, she basically said, why are we defending her weight?


It's not healthy. Is it gonna be funny when she gets diabetes? And she just went down the list and people were like, well hey, you're bringing out all the things that happened to black, the black community more predominantly. So they thought it was a race thing. And that, that conversation happens a lot around you when people try to attack you. People feel like if you weren't a black woman that was doing Emini here Yeah. If you weren't a black woman doing these things, you would have a little bit more grace or be propped up a bit more. Do you feel like that, You know whose voice I listen to the less when they have comments about me is celebrities. I really, I never, I don't care about other celebrities opinions on me. You know what Emini here, I, it's interesting 'cause it's like I care more about what my fans say about me and think about me that matters.


I never hear these little trivial Yeah. Comments And I only hear the apologies, you know, but I will say somebody's health is none of your business. And I've always been on that and it's like we only pretend to care about people's fat people's health. So we could be fat phobic to them. It's, you know, being fat is the only acceptable form of bullying in our society. If you think about it. We are taught from kid from, from a young age to make fun of fat people. We, you watch TV and the fat dude, he's like, oh. And then he falls over trying to tie his shoe and the kids are like, ah, they, you know, and you laugh in front of your parents.


Your parents laughing too. Oh, your mom is so fat jokes. Those Are first jokes we learned. Yeah. But if it was anything else, your parents will be like, don't laugh at that. You know what Emini here. Right. So we are socialized to make fun of fat people. And I think that some people pretend to care about fat people's health to just make fun of them in a, in a weird Yeah. Backwards, backwards ass way. I will say have so many things to say about this, but a lot of people, and I'm not gonna say this is not a blanket statement 'cause I am actually terrible And I I make a lot of blanket statements and the internet gets in my ass for it. I'm gonna say systemically in America, the majority of fatness is due to things that are kind of out of your control.


Our food system is abysmal. Yeah. Our food system has so many invisible additives that have so much sugar and, and caloric density and toxins. And it is, it is, mm. How do I say this without getting political? I don't wanna sound like RFK, but like it's poisoning us. And in in our communities too. In, in black communities at a disproportionate level there are food deserts and the only, the only, what's it called? What's, what's it called in the middle of a desert when it's like green. The only thank y'all, come on. It's smart man.


The only oasis in the food desert is fast. Food is snack food is hot. Cheetos, it's red, 40 da da da da. So when I was a kid, I grew up Houston, Texas a shout out to swat. I was in band rehearsal and when I got thirsty I drank Sprite. Mm. I would chug a Sprite and be like, oh go thirsty. Big Seven 11 slushies. Oh My god. All that hot Cheetos every day at lunch and then our lunch. Yeah, right. But you not going to get a salad or a protein No. At school. At public school lunch. It was chicken tenders, it was cheese stuffed bread, whatever that was. I don know what the fuck that was. It was good. It was good.


And so like this is what we've been given. You know, a lot of people's fatness is genetic, you know what I'm saying? So it's like, and then there are people who like, you know, we contend to overeat and stuff like that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not making a blanket statement about it, but I'm like, a lot of it is out of our control factor In social media too. 'cause people aren't as active as they used to be. So back in the day we play outside now they be in the house on the phone, social media screaming Way more active. So it's like to sit up and just like criticize somebody for being like, hey, this is how I look right now. And you know what, despite all odds, I'm okay with that. That don't mean that I'm like, you know, being fat, is it everyone should be fat?


No. It's just like, damn, can a bitch like herself right now? Yeah. You don't have to be depressed because you're fed. Absolutely. Right. And if my body changes, cool. If I get bigger, that's none of your fucking business. If I get smaller, that's none of your fucking business. But can I like myself right now so I can get through the day? Like you think if I sit and go, ugh, I hate myself. Let me just change and be skinny now. No, that's not how it works. So it's like y'all want us to be miserable but for what? Yeah. Because once I get small, you still not happy. Right. So it's like shut the fuck up disrespectfully. The people jumped on her though. Period. Hold. I like that. Period. Go ahead. Just for fairness of the conversation, she did bust a U-turn 'cause the people jumped on her. She was like, that's what she Said. She said, I need apology.


She said I should have separated her from the conversation. I just wanted to add that in there. But to your point, Because by the way Exactly, I was gonna say you called it Never been pre-diabetic and and this is not me flexing my health over nobody. But this is just me stating the facts. Don't ever put diabetes on me. I've never been pre-diabetic. My father had type two diabetes and it's like, and when he passed away, I had from a young age, he passed away when I was 1920 actually. Oh my gosh. It was so long ago. But actually I'm 22. So, but when that happened to him, 'cause he had hypertension and high blood pressure and type two from his eating habits. I have always been a healthy person even though I was physically larger, I was very conscious about what I put in my body.


I was very active. I would post videos of me in the gym, running on the treadmill, lifting heavy weights. People would buy tickets to my show where I'm on stage for two hours running back and forth, playing the flute, doing choreography, rapping and singing and emoting and not being outta breath. Like I've always been a very active person. I've always been a very healthy person as well. Yeah. Yeah. Never been pre-diabetic. Honey. Mind your business. That's between me and my doctor. And I'll get her on the phone too. She love to talk. She takes a sip of that sugary drink. No, no, No. I'm glad you said that. This Is a, this is a black coffee and then I put in half a vanilla protein shake.


Oh, okay. So actually there's no sugar in this. It's, it's mm. 'cause it's half of it. This is about 10 grams of protein and the coffee's black. There's no sugar in this at all. Dope. So Shut up. Mind your business. Like I, I said I got one last question 'cause Lauren's stomach is over here. Growling racing. I'm, so I Thought that was my phone. I swear God, I hear it. And we went out last night and like, I'm literally just coming down from all of last night. Listen them Hot Cheetos. I went, I went to Sister Kendrick. It was so good. It's so bad. I'm over here holding my stomach. Last mention Them Hot Cheetos boys Lauren. Crazy growling. But my last question, is there a version of Lizzo we haven't seen yet? And are you afraid Toho? I'm not afraid, but I'm protective.


I think, I think protection can be fear-based. Sometimes a lot of people, like a protective mother is like, oh, I'm afraid something might happen to my child. Let me be overly protective. So sometimes there's a, like, if y'all saw how I really, you know, am sometimes like when I'm working I feel like people wouldn't understand. And it's like, 'cause I'm a very hard worker. I actually am like, ask anybody in this industry. They're like, she wanted the hardest working. And I, I think the, because I'm fat, like the trope of oh she lazy or whatever comes in And I get that put on me. And so people don't put me in the category of the, the hardworking divas that we all know and love today.


But I work very hard And I don't show that side because you get to just enjoy the show. You get to just enjoy the product. But though I work hard, I'm very kind to the people who I work with, I'm very measured. I'm very fair. But it gets real. It gets real. And that's why like that whole doci situation, I have to, I have to like, nobody knows what it feels like to be in a situation like that where it's so intense and the it's your first met and you are trying to do your best. And it's like to judge black women for working hard. I don't like this new this this new, I don't know what it is.


This new misconception. Yeah. Or misperception of black women who are working hard for what they want. Where it is getting demonized. You know what Emini here and what I also have been seeing is us as a community stand up for the black women who are in this field. Like there's not a lot of us really at the top of this game. And it's like we really have to work 7,000 times harder than our counterparts to get shit done. And we're working actively against a system Yeah. Of people, you know. And then the, the the the things that get projected on us, you know, the personalities that get projected on us like that we have to overcome that too and subvert that.


So it's like, yeah, I don't, you don't see the the the hardworking side of me. But I gets busy. My hairstylist back there like bitch me and my agent, like when do you stop? Like he, like I work with my other clients. I at least have a time to go get a cocktail. You I've been working nonstop since I got here. I've been doing radio interviews. I did the met, I shot a music video after the met that night and still managed to change my outfit and go to the after parties and turn up. Then I had radio the next morning, then I turned up again. Right. I had radio yesterday. I'm, I have a cover. Sh I had a cover shoot yesterday. I got a cover shoot today I'm out here working And came in here with the best energy. You don't look tired. You didn't sound tired.


We didn't know. I didn't know you were tired until you said it. You know, I got a show, I got two shows all in New York. And it's just like, because I love this shit. That's, I love, I love to work, but I'm not gonna pull back the curtain and show there's other artists who do that. Like, Beyonce pulls back the curtain for us and we see her work ethic And I respect that And I love that. And I'm like, exactly when I see how she works, when she put that black hoodie on, I'm like, like exactly. 'cause that's how the fuck I get down to, down to the lighting, down to the timing, down to the sounds and the sonics of the music. We put that fucking work in and the and we don't show y'all because you're gonna say, oh, she's a bitch, like black women especially. Oh, she's a bitch. So it's like, we don't even wanna show y'all because y'all are gonna judge us.


But we need, but I love when Beyonce does it because it puts respect on it. That's how we get down. So that, that part, I'm not gonna pull back the curtain because I already got enough allegations against me. Well let's, let's keep doing the work. Let's get into a record man. Lets into a record. Let's get into it right now. New single. Still bad. Still bad. Which one you playing? You playing the disco funk version? No. Which one you want us to play? We, I low key Wish y'all could play. Bitch can do. Y'all have bitch. Give us bitch. Can you, can we get bitch? Come on Kev. Alright, We got bitch. All Right, play Bitch. Listen, thank you. Thank you for the Conversation. Keep doing the work man. I love to see you glow up Mindbody and Spirit. Thank you. Blessings to you.


Amen. It is Lizzo. That was great y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelly Blue books kbb.com And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is Matt Rogers from Las Coach Reis with Matt Rogers and Bowen Yang.


Have you ever felt that uneasy anxiety when the 4:00 PM hour strikes that creeping meal related to stress? That happens when you don't quite feel prepared? You know, dinner dread, let's Get rid of that unpleasant feeling forever with one word, Stouffers. No matter what happens, you'll have a dinner plan that everyone loves with Stouffers, Some chicken enchiladas or a cheesy chicken and broccoli pasta Bake is always welcome, whether it is plan A or Plan D. Delicious. Not gonna lie, I eat the lasagna once a week and that's a fact. Mm. When The clock strikes dinner, think Stouffers Shop Now for family favorites.


I found Out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.