
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Have you ever wondered if your pet is lying to you? Why Is my cat not Here And I go in and she's eating my lunch? Or if hypnotism is real, you will use the suggestion in order to enhance your cognitive controls. But what's inside a black hole? Black holes could Be a consequence of the way that we understand the Universe. Well, we have answers for you in the new iHeart original podcast. Sign stuff. Join me or hitch ham as we answer questions about animals space, our brains, and our bodies. So give yourself permission to be a science geek and listen to sign stuff on the iHeart video app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We Have John Hope Bryant, welcome back, brother, My Honor to be here. How you feeling? Yes, I'm blessed. If John O'Brien is here, that mean that there's some good things going on in The World. First of all, you can't wearing gifts or bad Or bad. Yeah. Or bad. But at least the things that are bad you can explain. Yeah. Especially when it comes to some financial stuff. Rainbows only follow storms. You cannot have a rainbow that storm first. Mm. Scientific fact actually. Well, lets, let's, let's jump right into it. I was actually thinking about you the other day. Shout out to these socks. First of all, These socks. Yeah. Yeah. Brought some gifts. So Walmart made these for us.


This is Green Socks Day. You can go online and get 'em. They're April 30th. We've got the N-B-A-N-F-L. Thank you. Roger Goodell and NASCAR Hockey Major leagues, baseball, major leagues, soccer. I think that's all of 'em. We have all of 'em. It's never happened before. All the sports leagues are behind Green Sox Day. So every, I'm asking everybody to put a sock on and talk about Financial Literacy on April 30th. Do something on Financial Literacy. Tag Green Sox Day on your social media. Highlight a post and NASDAQ's gonna feature the best posts on this big board here in New York on April 30th. And the, and the 10 top posts. We're gonna fly 'em to New York City.


Let 'em ring the bell. The New York Stock Exchange. That's dope. Dope. Nice. In dope. So this is the way, you know, people are arguing over black and white, red and blue. Can we just agree on some green ly? That's why the stocks are green. That's why they are. Absolutely. Yes. We want the whole country to come together on April 30th. And this is Financial Literacy month, by the way. Okay. Now I was saying, I was thinking about just speaking of the country with all the tariffs that, that Trump is putting on the country. Right? And, you know, people are looking to purchase their first homes or all that. What would you advise people to do? Right? Because they're saying with the tariffs, they're saying the price of materials are gonna go up in price. They're saying the price of, of cars and the parts are gonna be shooting up.


What would you advise people to do if they're looking for home ownership at this, this, this point in their life? This is gonna seem schizophrenic in my advice. Okay. I'm listening. I'm telling you in advance. Ignore the noise. First of all, this is just noise. Just like DEI was a distraction. Like why are we arguing over DEI we're fifth on the list. Why are we the poster child for DEI? Right? But that be, we be, they wanted us to be the poster child. Somebody did. Somebody wanted black people to be, because that triggers ratio, overtones and all that other kind of stuff. It's, that wasn't even our fight. This is not our fight. This is, this is somebody else's problem at the moment. I, it, it, this is like hitting, if you wanna get in a fight, this is like hitting your face on my fist.


If you wanna fight, that's what this is. This country is 70% consumer spending. Sorry. The biggest economy on the planet America. We're 25% of the global economy. We're 40% of global wealth in The World. We're big ballers outta 808 billion people. It's only three 50 million people. But we lead the whole world. But 70% is economy. It's not rich people, it's not big business. It's you and me paying for car notes and car mortgages and going to get some coffee, which didn't work outside. You know, it, it's little stuff. It was the car service that brought me here. It was a, it's a breakfast that we had this morning. It, so this economy can't succeed without us succeeding, first of all.


So this party ultimately will pivot back to what's gonna drive the economy because this is a capitalist democracy. Big C, little d it's a free enterprise democracy. So I tell people, ignore the noise. This stuff, if it's not working, Washington's gonna have to pivot. There's a strategy in Washington. I was with the Secretary of the Treasury a couple days ago who I actually like. I think he's actually a decent guy. Please Break that down. 'cause I need to know what the strategy is. I don't understand it. Well, no, no. I didn't say I understood it. Oh, Okay. You're going too far. Okay. I said, first of all, I said I like him and he And I gonna work together on Financial Literacy. We don't, you know, we're not gonna agree on everything. I was with him for an hour. I didn't break. I didn't address this issue because his boss has already made up his mind.


And I know I didn't wanna put him in an uncomfortable situation. He ask him questions that he can't answer. This has to play itself out Emini here. The country's having one big colonic, Right? Damn. So it's gonna take as long as it's gonna take. I don't think it's gonna take very long. You And I talked about this and either he's right or he is not the only way tariffs work. And I could break down what a tariff is, by the way, because most people don't understand it. The only way a tariff works is if it's short term and it's tied to you negotiating something from whoever you're trying to extract something from another country. If it's your long term strategy in a country that is consumer spending, it's a disaster because it's a tax on you and me.


I'm getting ahead of myself. So You think this is a short term. Use the tariff. First of all, Let me ask you this question or yours. Go Ahead. You do the tariff first. So, because that goes into mind. Now, this is really important for your audience Emini here, because people run, throw these titles. And I did, I did a podcast on money and wealth last week. It went through the roof. Just explaining like normal terms that people recession and tariff and inflation. Nobody, people assume people know this stuff. Who's teaching anybody Financial Literacy. You're not dumb. And you're not stupid is what you don't know that you don't know that's killing you. But you think, you know, A tariff in as simple as I can describe it is a tax on American businesses and American consumers. So this concept of, I'm going to, you hit me.


You're a China, you're by the way, Russia didn't get a tariff. Interesting. You, you're Russia, you're ch wherever India, you hit me, I'm gonna hit you back. No, a tariff might because the cost of the thing has gone up. Might mean we, we find Chinese goods less attractive. We find Indian goods less attractive because what costs a dollar not cost a dollar 80. So maybe we say, oh, I don't want any more of that. But the importer of the thing pays the, pays. The, i it's hard to get a straight face. The import, the American business pays the tax at the duty station. And what is that importer gonna do?


What is a big company going to do when they get hit with higher prices and there are no fault of their own. They Increase their, they raise prices And everything. It's common sense. This is a radical movement of common sense. They pass that on to you and me. So our prices of everything in the is going to go up unless in a month he changes his mind again, which he's apt to do and says, I was just kidding. Now let me go one step further and tell you how this, the only way this could have worked if he sang, he wants to promote domestic production. He wants to bring everything back home. Fair argument. Although American, American, you talk too much.


American manufacturer, you're very good American. Manu as a ma manufacturing hub of old school manufacturing ended in the 1970s. That's why there's, there's more poor whites in America than poor anybody else. Because they had a high school education hustle in, in the jobs they were doing. Walked away in 19 40, 19 50. Detroit was the richest city in The World For automotive In the, in The World. Richer than prayers. Richer than it relates. Now, it was one of the poorest because the business plan for manufacturing walked away from America. It went to places that were cheaper. Now we can be America, we can be a manufacturing center today, but it's gonna be high tech manufacturing. It's gonna be artificial intelligence and robotics.


What you need education for, back to the story, right? The only way this would've worked is if the president said, you know, a year before he elected, get, get all the bankers together. Get all the fortune 500 companies together. And look you guys, I'm gonna be president of the year. Just believe me. What I need you to do, go to your boards, go to your governance committees at the boards, go to your bankers who allocate capital. Go to Wall Street. Tell 'em I'm coming and tell 'em to put capital aside for manufacturing at home also. 'cause I'm a have terrorist also, I need you to go to Staten Island. I need you to go to little towns in Cleveland. I need you to go to Detroit, wherever and cut deals for land.


I'm just breaking this down, right? And, and get the cities to support you. And we, by the way, you're gonna need, if you get this ai, you're gonna need a bunch of energy to fuel these AI factors. So you need to get some, you know, electricity and water things generated. I need you get, I'm gonna give you a year. 'cause this is gonna be tens of billions of dollars in investment. And know that I'm committed to this. My whole presidency. This is a new America. And the CEOs go, okay, we're with you. We wanna bring this back. And by the way, what's, what's what's in it for us? And he has these economic models that shows blah, blah, blah. Over a period of time, this is gonna be short-term pain. Long-term game. Okay? None of that happened. Dang. So how can, how can, so there's no way.


I'm just, look, I'm not for against, I'm just saying I like math. 'cause it doesn't have an opinion. I'm just saying Stevie, my friend Stevie Warner can see this. None of this is going to work long term because there is no planning. So you think this sh do you think this is a ploy for Trump to get what he wants? You think it's a short term play and not a long term play when it comes to these tariffs? I didn't say I understood it. I said I was gonna explain it. Mm. Look, he's been talking about terror since 1980. Yeah. Nine go to interviews of him from 1980s. He's obsessed with it. I have no idea where he got this from. It's like new math. My calculator works pretty well.


Unless he is the most intelligent being on the planet. Unless he has a whole new way of viewing economics. I just don't understand it. I'm pretty good at it. I just don't understand. That's why the markets are in the tank. That's why, you know, CEOs are scratching their head, but no one wants to say anything. Be because you don't want to get on his bad side. Look, I want him to win. I'll say it. He's my president. What? Whatever. It's all our president. The election's over. That's right. He's my president. I want him to win because if he wins, we all, we all win. If he loses, we all lose. That's right. So we this, this, you know, trying to wish him well and going to Louisiana, hitting, getting little, little, do the little dolls that time That guy you've been talking to.


Amen. I hear all kind of stuff. No, no. Pray. Pray for your president, pray for your country. We're all in this thing together. Like real talk. But, and, and, and here's my way of thinking. Talk without being of offensive. Listen, without being defensive. And always leave even your adversary with their dignity. Because if you don't, they'll spend the rest of their life working to make you miserable. It becomes personal. You gotta step over mess and not end it. He is the president of the United States of America. He's in, as you can see from the executive orders, he's incredibly powerful. He's not a king, but he has incredible power. And we're gonna see that some of the stuff he's doing is a bridge too far. It's gonna get reversed. But, but he has incredible power with the pen. So we need to walk delicately here.


It's a interesting relationship. I, I was in a relationship years and years ago. Luckily have a wonderful wife j when I was a kid, I was in a relationship with somebody who was emotionally immature, which didn't say much for me. I picked her. But it was like an emotional hang grenade. But I was already in it. Mm. And I had to really be careful how I put that hand grenade back down on the ground so it didn't explode and tear me up. This is where we are. We had to be very delicate about this situation. And we have to find some way to help him feel like he won.


Like, I don't know what it is, but what, whatever in the next 30 days, next 45 days. This is not sustainable. We gotta give him some out the, the country o other leaders, the way he feels. Yeah. My terror strategy won. Otherwise, this economy will slow and your prices will go up. You already had inflation from the pa. Let's clear something else up. It's too late for this. Biden created inflation. Ridiculous. Completely, completely wrong. In fact, it was Trump then the Republican, Democrat con Congress and Biden. Everybody passed five, $6 trillion worth of stimulus during the pandemic.


So the economy didn't stall because the economy was going to stall when everybody was in their houses. Because it was cons consumer driven economy. And that plus the federal reserve, there's about six, $7 trillion, actually more like nine. That when the economy, that's where the inflation came from. When you have an imbalance of supply and demand. So you have too much supply money, not enough demand. It, it inflates the cost of things to all the Stimulus checks and the PPP loans that everybody loved. That part Cause inflation Part. Yes. And it ain't going away. And I said ain't on purpose because there's never been in the history DJ NV in the history of The World. There's never been a trillion dollars of stimulus by any government at any time ever.


And we did 9 trillion, let that sink in. So how do you think, how long are you gonna think it's gonna take for that to work through your transmission system? So of course we are lucky. We don't have 12% on inflation. We're lucky we don't have 18% unemployment. Like what Biden should have done. He should have come in and said, I'm gonna be president for four years. I'm your dude. I'm gonna stabilize everything. I'm gonna drop the mic. I'm gonna bounce. I'm only here for four years. That's what he should have done. He should have said that up front and been done with it. His legacy would've been fan fantastic. But you get in that office, I've been an advisor for three US presidents. That's intoxicating. That power, that power is intoxicated. You don't wanna leave. Lemme ask you a question. Do you think the government will? So yes, you should buy a house, by the way. So people should Been Buy house.


Don't change your game. Don't change your plan. Change your mind. This is, this noise is going to ultimately go away. Three things have never gone down in the history of America. GDP, gross domestic product, real estate's values and stock market values. They've gone up, there's a recession, it corrects above the line after the recession, it recedes, recessions, recedes, and then corrects above the line. Every time somebody might makes an emotional decision. It's the bad one. Poor people sell in bad times. What did Warren Buffett say? When people are afraid, be greedy. When people are greedy, be afraid. Okay, you were about To say something I was gonna ask you. I was gonna say, you know, with that, that type of thinking, the prices are everything gonna go are gonna go up right in the next couple of months, we assume, right?


Yeah. And building costs are expensive. Interest rates might come down, by The way, metals and all that, right? Yeah. You said what about interest rates? It might come down, It might, interest rates might come down. Same thing with cost, which The president is banking on, by the way. So if somebody buys, but it'll be enough. These houses and these properties, or they buy these cars or they bodies materials and the prices are up when this game that we are thinking that he's playing, which is a short term game, changes back in a couple of months and he takes these tariffs off. And now those goods are less money you bought when it was high. Does that hurt? Help effect? Well, you're assuming the goods are gonna come back down in price. If The tariffs come off, shit, they, you're Assuming that the price is gonna back down. Greed is an interesting thing. You know, there were, during the pandemic, there were container companies, the ones who put the stuff on ships.


'cause we're all run through international trade. By the way, 25% of the US economy is international trade. So there was comp to container companies who were found to be gorging, gouging prices for no good reason. It the prices had, yeah, temporarily there was a not enough of them and the prices went up. But then when rule and all that, yep, they kept the prices high because it was, you know, layering their pockets. So Ambassador Andrew Young says that men and women fail for three reasons. Arrogance, pride, and greed. And greed is the oldest thing on the book. The only time Jesus Christ ever got upset was when he turned the table over the money changers in the temple.


That's the only time he got upset. So I think that because we're the biggest economy in The World, because it's consumer spending, because capitalists ultimately wanna win. Prices will come down to meet the demand of the consumer. But it, it's not gonna be like flipping a switch. And what with the, what somebody in somebody in Washington thinks, in my opinion, that if you trigger a mild recession, this is, I don't agree with this. You trigger a mild recession, you can blame it on the other guy. I don't agree with that either. I hope this is translating to your audience. When I say the other guy, you blame on the other guy, not the current president. You then get the fed to lower interest rates, which by the way helps wealthy people like me, but doesn't help the average everyday person.


And then the economy's booms and your golden for midterm elections. Some people believe that. IIII just, I just don't think that that's rational. And I think the timing is gonna be all messed up. Even if that did work, I don't think it's gonna work. Here's the problem. The White House, I, I, I've, I've known nine US presidents. I've known 12, I've worked with 12 secretaries of the Treasury. I've been an advisor for three US presidents, both parties. I've, I've been honored by five from both parties. I've never seen a White House where 99% of the people are either sent to millionaires or billionaires. The the advisors. Now I, I'm I, again, I'm very wealthy, but I go to the hood once a month.


That's right. Once a month. Yeah. Intentionally. I tell my driver wherever I'm at, take me, take me to wherever the hood is. And they literally, they're all freaked out. I wanna see it. I wanna see how we're living. I wanna see those. Check cashes, payday loan limit. I wanna go get out and go into a grocery store, a convenience store. I wanna listen. What's up? I wanna listen to the, I wanna get in the Uber driver. I, you know, I wanna get in a taxi. You want to Talk to the people People talk about, but never Talk to. That's right. So if you are a sent a millionaire, a hundred million. If you are a billionaire, you've been taking private travel for 20 years. Now when I go through, I do Delta, but when I go through And I, with Coach Raw, a hundred thousand Delta employees at Operat Open, when I, I was on Delta yesterday, now they picked me up at the curb, do that whole thing.


So it feels like private. But by the way, I had to, like three months ago, the, the, something happened, my greeter wasn't there. I had to go through the airport term. I was traumatized. Hmm. Cut it out. John. Trauma. I'm saying traumatized. Carry on. No, I was like, where are these people? Where these people at? Where they coming from? What they doing? What, why, What are these kids screaming? Oh God. Why is this lady in here taking her clothes Off? No, I'm just saying, I think it wasn't in Atlanta, At Penn Station. Yeah. My point is that I'm, I'm pretty normal And I still took me a minute to readjust to being in a, in a airport terminal.


'cause I hadn't been there in months. Imagine if you've been taking private planes your whole life or the last 20 years. I might hate, I love it by the way. Oh, one day I have a private plane. Somebody else pay for it. You Have the, the people have no idea what's going on. That's right. You never been in a grocery store. That's right. You never been to a gas station. You haven't been to a bus station. Yeah, it's impossible. You Should fly southwestern spirit one time. You'll get all That. No, I'm good. But it's impossible to make policy for the average person if you don't understand. You're Not connected to them in any way. And that's what I wanted to talk about. Like, I love the conversation we're having, but I wanna put some boots on the ground with it. When you talk about these working class people, the average everyday person living check to check, just trying to pay their rent. Just trying to buy groceries. What should they do in regards to these tariffs?


Like, could you tell, you know, you're telling everybody else just to be cool and silence the noise. They don't have that luxury. Oh no. This is our time. Emini here. You can't fall from the floor. Mm. Black folks, we've been and brown folks, we've been, we've been doing so much with so little for so long. We can almost do anything with nothing. Emini here. A crisis for us is Tuesday. That's right. We've been dealing with crisis Emini here. We wake up in Christ. This is actually our asset and our problem before now, it was just our problem. I wrote my last book, essential Literacy for All. Which by the way, thanks for helping me. Launch is still number one a year later in business finance. Not black, just black history or something. It's business finance in The World. But two books before was a book called The Memo. And in the memo I said, basically there's some is what we don't know that we don't know.


No one gave us a memo on how the economy works. And I said, there's three times a people, there's a surviving mindset. There's a thriving mindset, there's a winning building mindset. Wealthy people talk about their ideas. Poor people talk about other people. Mm. So if you have a surviving mindset that the glass is half empty, not half full, it's the same glass. But whether you believe you can, and whether you believe you can't, you're right. You're right. So to your point, in a normal environment, the surviving mindset is at a significant disadvantage because your ability to hustle is com has no value whatsoever. Your ability to avoid a bill or avoid a one 800 number. I was that Chris r said, I don't nobody wanna one 800 number. I'm not answering the phone as a bill collector, our ability to maneuver the system has no value in a growing, thriving economy.


You gotta build something, buy something, do something, roll with something, understand something. But when things are tough, you, that as that understanding is actually an asset. So now we need to take that understanding, pull it forward and start doing basic stuff. Go get yourself a term life insurance policy. You can get it for 10 bucks a month for a 50 if you're in good health, 25,000, $50,000 policy as little as $10 a month. Because I don I don't know how long you're gonna live, but I dang sure know you're gonna die. So you, so there's your generational wealth for a hundred bucks a month, if you're in good health, a million dollar policy, DJ Emini here, a million dollar policy. There's your generational wealth right there.


Go get you a term life insurance policy. Create a will. My mother said she had a little PA little inner wheel. She worked an hourly job for 32 years and she bought and sell, sold seven homes. She had a credit score of FI 8 54. When it went that high, that high, she died. She had a million dollar net worth in her will was a poison pill. Anybody who did, who who pushes back on his will is deleted from it. Wow. Crickets. Wow. Nobody said anything. But my mother worked an hourly job, had a million dollar net worth, which means anybody can do it. So she had a will, she had a life insurance policy. She had her earned income tax credit. So what's that? Anybody listening to this who make less than $60,000 a year get EITC.


If you make $38,000 a year, you're listening to this and you're in a town anywhere and you have three children, the governor owes you $6,500 cash if you never filed. It's retroactive for three years. Oh, anybody listening to this who makes $40,000 and goes, what did he say? You have a check. So that's, he Have three children. No, no, it it. In other words, children, anybody makes $60,000 or less, you get a check. The less money and the more kids. As long as you're working, the bigger the check. Gotcha. So the sweet spot, 38, $40,000, three kids. But if you have $45,000 and one kid, you still get a check. Gotcha. And one out of four Americans who qualify for EITC, never ask for it. That's $20 billion a year.


That's not going away. Got child tax credit local. Everybody needs to become like it. We need to become nosy. Everybody's reading the Constitution Bill of Rights right now. Like what? These executive orders. I want you to learn about Financial Literacy now. This is your time to surge whatever the city programs are. The state programs, the federal programs, banks do down payment assistance for poor people, DJ Envy. In fact, the worse it gets, the more the, the more the banks want to dig in. So a bank, A-F-D-I-C insured bank, if you can get your credit score up and we can help you do that at Operation Hope. And that's the other thing you need to do is get your credit score up. The banks will give you $10,000 in a grant plus under market mortgages.


So even though the mortgage for a rich person might like me, might be six point a half percent used to be, The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond.


Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Have you ever wondered if your pet is lying to you? Why is My cat not here And I go in and She's eating my lunch? Or if hypnotism is real, you will use the suggestion in order to enhance your cognitive controls. But what's inside a black hole? Black Holes could be a consequence of the way that we understand the Universe. Well, we have answers for you in the new iHeart original podcast Sign stuff. Join me Jorge ham as we tackle questions you've always wanted to know the answer to about animals, space or brains and our bodies. Questions like, can you survive being cryogenically frozen? This Is experimental. This mean never work for you. We'll take quantum computer. It's Not just a faster computer. It performs in a fundamentally different Way. Do you really have to wait 30 minutes after eating before you can go swimming? It's not really a safety issue, It's more of A comfort issue. We'll talk to experts, break it down and give you easy to understand explanations to fascinating scientific questions. So give yourself permission to be a science geek and listen to sign stuff on the iHeart Video app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, ed Helms here, host of snafu, your favorite podcast about history's greatest screw ups. It's the 1920s prohibition is in full swing. And a lot of people, our mysteriously dying Assistant Attorney General Mabel Walker Willebrand is becoming increasingly desperate enforcing prohibition. She was a lone warrior Emini here. How could Mabel not be feeling the pressure? Her bosses are drunks. Her agents are incompetent. Even Congress is full of hypocrites. So if Mabel is going to succeed in laying down the law, she needs to make the consequences for drinking hurt a lot more, which she does, arguably a little too. Well find out more on season three, episode four of snafu formula six. Listen and subscribe on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I had a, I got a two, I got a 2.7% out. Never, I'll never get rid of that one. But you can't get that anymore. But for Community Reinvestment Act, CRA, you might get it for 4%, 5% plus you get a $10,000 down payment assistance grant that's only available to the lease of these God's children. But we don't know about it. So I just now covered home ownership. Earned income tax credit is your down payment maybe for home ownership financial. Get your credit score up. We have this meeting on April 4th. Tomorrow actually, dream forward we gonna talk about it. And we have a business plan for Black America business plan for Latino America, a business plan for women, a business plan for Asians, a business plan for Native American Indians.


I wrote 'em a business plan for, for poor whites, rural America. I wrote all the plans. And in one plan it shows that if you rely on the government black people or first of off, you do nothing. Our net worth will be zero by 2053. Not poor people, everybody. If black Americans do nothing but what we're doing right now, just chilling net worth by 2053 is zero. If we rely on the government, which we've been obsessing about since the Civil War. Understanding the Civil War, understand reconstruction, understand the civil rights movement. Understand the second reconstruction. I don't understand. Now we are all up uptight, worked up about what's going on in Washington.


Let's assume they get a deathbed conversion and they decide they love black people overnight. They're gonna give us welfare, they'll give us reparations. Everything that's not gonna happen. But no, but it's worth 300 billion to a maximum of $600 billion. Now hold that number by 2053. That's only 25 years from now. If you raise your credit score a hundred points, black people have the lowest credit score on average in America six 20. Which means half of us wake up in the morning, locked outta the free enterprise system. Can't get a decent car loan. You go to the car dealership, you get a Mercedes at at 18%. Interest is out of Mercedes's Mercedes payments. And it breaks down in four months because the number way, one way they make money is maintenance and finance department.


They don't even make any money selling the car. They waiting for you to bring it back. Financial Literacy. But if you get your credit score up a hundred points, that's $750 billion by 2053. That's $150 billion more than the best estimate of the government's assistance. And we can do that by ourselves. Become homeowners. That's $800 billion separate from the seven $50 billion. That's 1.5. Give or take trillion dollars. And that doesn't even require the government. We can do this ourselves. There's another trillion dollars on buying businesses. Am I going too far too fast? You bringing it? No, please. They gotta do their research. They gotta look at, But Break it down is, is, you know, there's tears when it comes to credit.


So like when you see somebody go into a car dealership and they're trying to buy, he said a Mercedes, it's a mercy dealership, right? A mercy note. So if your tier is four or five or six, oh, forget about it. Your credit rate, if your car is usually $400 a month, it's going to be $1,100 a month. But if you have tier one credit, you probably have to put down less money. And your note is only four. No money. Money. Just based off your credit. Same thing with home ownership. Same thing with credit cards that you buy the store. Whether it's Nordstrom, Sears, JCPenney, Macy's. So that's what he's saying as far as the tier when it comes to credit. Yeah. Let's go one step further. The the places where we grow up, check casher next to a payday loan lender, next to a rent own store, next to a title lender as in the title of your car.


Yep. Pawn shop. Liquor store. Liquor store right there. Church down the street. The church. Your local therapist. They try to make sure you don't go crate Craig once a week. Make sure you don't go postal on Monday. Right. All right. And by the way, poor white, same thing. You go to a, a poor white rural neighborhood. Check cash or payday loan lender rent their own store title in the liquor store. They just pray. They, they church, they just pray differently. They, they quiet and we loud. Oh, We forgot about the fried chicken spot too. Yeah, the curry house. Well, yeah. Food, church or food. Something Popeye or something. Food. Yeah. Fast food. By the way, you lived to 61 years of age. I mapped every zip code in America by credit score. You lived to 61 years of age in a 500 credit score neighborhood.


You lived to 81 years of age, 15 minutes apart in a 700 credit score neighborhood. You lived 20 year longer life because of your credit score. And it's not about the credit score, it's the trending indicators underneath that hope, wellbeing, faith, confidence, belief, optimism, what disease is often disease. Yeah. It keeps your stress levels down. Yeah. Keeps your stress levels. So again, surviving mindset. You have a surviving mindset. You're stressed out, you're full of anxiety. You, you, you be hanging around nine bro people, you'll be the 10th. You're up, you, you, you're toe up from the flow up. You're gonna die early and you're eating bad food. So this is a game, man. What did Malcolm X say? We've been bamboozled, we've been tricked. We've been food, we've been hoodwinked.


Here's one for you. Everybody wants to start a business. I love that. I've got this thing called 1 million Black Business Initiative. Shopify put up $130 million after George Floyd's murder. They just announced they're putting up another 60 million to help me get to 190 million. Because they, they, they can't be happier with all the businesses that are black businesses are now on the Shopify platform. It's not de And I it's good business. By the way, the president of Shopify is speaking at the Martin Luther King Dream Ford Initiative. Harley Finkelstein, it's business for them, which is the, which is what we want now. Inclusive Economics. Inclusive economics, which you helped me pioneer by the way. So, so, okay. So stick with that for a minute. So we got all these bus business people, they wanna be business people now. They wanna start a pizzeria or something.


They want, And I need $50,000. You do a GoFundMe or whatever it is, and you hustling. It's, and the bank won't give you the money. They want you to personally guarantee your house, all that stuff. It's easier, it is easier for somebody to go to Wall Street, which is where we are, and get financed a $20 million business with nonrecourse debt. Which means you don't personally guarantee it than it is to start a pizzeria with a hundred thousand dollars loan from the bank. Now that doesn't, that to your audience. Sounds absolutely crazy. Let me break it down. We have the first generation, our generation where you're gonna have more people over 65 than under age than under 18.


These are white, wealthy baby boomers all trying to go retire and play golf at the same time. So they, there is a, there's about $400 trillion of wealth in The World. About 180 trillion of that is in the 180 trillion of that is in the United States. About 50 trillion of that was created since 2020. I'm trying, this is these un these, these is ridiculous numbers. 50 trillion of that was just created in the last 25 years. These baby boomers made a crap load of money. They're bawling billionaires sent a millionaires, they wanna go play golf. They want to enjoy their life. They wanna be on their yacht. God bless 'em. They're all leaving the stage at the same time. 40% of this country's now black and brown. This is why everybody's nervous, by the way, black and brown, these, the new interests of the economy, within 10 years, it's gonna be a majority of minorities.


By the way, a third economy is women, $7 trillion. So it's black brown women. Right? Some people are nervous about who's taken over. This is a whole nother conversation. But this is fueling political, the the political environment by the way, in my opinion. Which is what you're seeing in Washington. Go back to the numbers. So now what's happening with this trillion, the a hundred trillion dollars worth the worth of wealth. DJ Envy is about to transition through inheritance in the next 10 years. The wives and the husbands and the kids want the stocks, the bonds, the cash and the houses. They don't want the businesses. Mm. They're like, oh no, I'm good.


I don't want, that's the, I I don't understand it. I don't wanna do it. I wanna go enjoy my life. First generation makes it, second generation spends it. Third generation loses it. But don't mind me with the facts I've already made in my mind, I want the cash. That means there's about $15 trillion. Please audience, listen to this. This is making smart, sexy at on scale. There's $15 trillion of profitable, successful branded real estate. Having client, having nothing wrong with 'em. Businesses that nobody wants go buy 'em. They, they, they're already cash flowing. There's nothing wrong with them except the, the, the kids and the family don't want 'em too comfortable.


I don't know what it is, but it's an opportunity that's, so I think I started this by saying rainbows after storms, you cannot have a rainbow that a storm first. Don't look at a problem as a problem. Look at it as an opportunity. All capitalism is is solving problems. So yes, it's going to get tight. We're used to tight black folks are born on probation in America. You gotta be twice as smart, twice as intelligent, twice as well dressed. Get up twice as early, stay up twice as late and work twice as hard and hustle and get no credit for it. Okay, what else is new? This is, this is our life story. Everybody else is not used to problems. They're the ones that are gonna be dropping off of one story buildings. We gonna counsel our white friends about calm down.


This is gonna be okay. So I'm actually quite optimistic about the future. So, and What are you doing this weekend? You're doing something special this weekend? Correct. Dream forward a virtual town hall on financial inclusion. That's why I love John. 'cause he always has a solution. He's not one of the people that's just always constantly talking about problems and trying to profit off the problems. Yeah. He's creating solutions to the problems. Yeah. So dream forward. Thank you Emini here. Dream forward. Which you're, which you're involved in. And I would love to have all of you involved in, by the way, because you're all voices for this generation. This is, this is a meeting between Republicans and Democrats. We have second senator Raphael Warnock, who is the fifth chap pastor of Ebenezer Church and a democratic senator.


We have Mick Mulvaney, former chief of staff for Trump. We have the black Pope, Bishop TD Jakes. We have the man who was on the balcony with Dr. King, ambassador Andrew Young. We have Dr. King's daughter. Dr. Bernice a king. She's a great person. We've got the mayor of Memphis, Paul Young, who's black now, by the way. We've got the CEO of Walmart. We've got Doug McMillan, who's co-chair of Financial Literacy for All, which is doing the Green Sox day. We, by the way, we can talk about if you want di I'd be happy to talk about that as well. People under have misunderstood that as well in my opinion. We've got Brother Killer Mike. Killer Mike Ti I, van Jones.


I'm just going off the top of my head here. Ray McGuire of Lazar. Taana Duckett, who runs a $2 trillion company called TIAA cref, which is, does basically pension funds all your pension funds And I guess accounts probably with TIA cref. It is an amazing lineup. I just talked to Dr. Ben Chavis morning. He, there's a hundred delegates, sp delegates of Mark Morrell, the National Urban League. Everybody who you think of or may or may not have known, known about, who is at the top of the mark, they're going to be there. In fact, the, we just announced yesterday, the dropping the drop the mic keynote to walk out the stage is Sam Altman, who is the Steve Jobs of this generation.


That's ai. So it is a way to honor Dr. King, not by just marching in the streets, but cutting business deals in the suites. It is continuing his unfinished work of the Poor People's campaign. It is his last book. Where do we go from here is answering that with a dream forward. And there's no complaining, there's no politics, there's no whining, there's no talking about politicians. This is about us moving forward for two hours, a positive plan. And we are gonna leap tomorrow. People will be able to download the business plans we wrote and can, and you can have it, you can talk about it at the kitchen table.


You can mark it up, change it. But this is full transparency. We wrote a plan. Typically this happens behind closed doors, right? We've written these plans and they'll be available to everybody as of tomorrow morning. People can register@operational.org and actually listen to the global town hall. Roland Martin is gonna be streaming it. You guys are gonna be there. We've gotten, I think that the Associated Press is gonna be there. We have all the networks who have moderators part of it. We've tried to be as inclusive as we can. Oh, we should scream it Nick. We should scream it, it We got, I thought about that. We got a video yesterday from, from the new chairman of the Senate Bank Committee. Tim Scott brother. And that's just weekend.


What time? It's it's one to 3:00 PM Eastern Standard time. April 4th today, Right? Yeah. Today. Yeah. And it's noon to two central standard time. Gotcha. Dr. King, by the way, was assassinated April 4th, 1968 at 6:00 PM Central time. That's the exact time he, he actually had a pillow fight right before he was assassinated. He had just relaxed and he knew he was gonna be, he knew he was gonna be killed the night before. It was the only time he ever collapsed on stage. He gave a speech called the mountaintop. I've been to the mountain, I've seen the mountaintop. I may not get there with you. He knew it. And he collapsed in his, in Andrew Young and Jesse Jackson's arms and others.


And the next day they, Andrew Young tells me they had this incredible pillow, pillow fight in the hotel. The Lorraine, we'll be at the Lorraine Hotel, by the way. I will tomorrow, Emini here today. And he, he just thought it was eerie that Dr. King was so light and he walked on that balcony, boom. And The World changed. And what nobody knows is later on the FBI told Ambassador Young, the instructions for the shooter was, if you, if you miss the dreamer, kill the strategist. Wow. That's Andrew Young. So he hasn't been able to sleep for all these years. Oh wow. He, the guy who created the, the Ozzie in Harville for black people in The World.


Atlanta, Georgia is the only international city in the south. A 800 and $550 billion economy. The same size as Singapore, by the way. So we proven we can build a world economy. The guy who did that, who brought the Olympics to Atlanta, the only mayor ever mentored by Dr. King, can't sleep. Wow. Wow. So we, we owe him a debt. We owe all the heroes and sheroes and leaders who came before us a debt. We owe those who are trying to fight for our civil rights now. A debt to carry on this work. And not just to be about me, but to be about we. This is you. You can't just be selfish anymore. Like we, we have got to be about all of us. And this is, this is our time. If you wanna be a part of history, you wanna feel like your life really mattered.


It's right now, in my opinion. And there are answers to these questions, Emini here. There's nothing that we talked about this morning. That's rocket science. So tune in tomorrow. Yeah. Dream forward. How do they tune in again? Town Hall on Financial Inclusion. And what's the website again? You can tune in@operationhope.org, where you can register@operationhope.org and it'll stream and hopefully The Breakfast Club. And I Emini here. iHeart, by the way, is, is covering it. Black Information Network is covering it. Nice. We have many, many maybe platforms. Again, Roland Martin's gonna be covering it. And we, we, we have our own stream you go to, if you get lost, just go to operation hope.org and you, there'll be instructions there.


Or just follow Charlamagne. You'll, you'll, you'll be with us guys too. I'll lead you there. But, but this is, you know, this, this is no time to be. This is no time to be. I understand stress And I, I understand this is serious. But unless you're just gonna give up, throw your hands up, you might as well be positive about it. I can't guarantee you that being positive is gonna make you succeed, but I absolutely guarantee you that being negative is gonna make you fail. Mm, absolutely. And these folks want you to give up, by the way, they want you to throw your hands up. That's why they did all this stuff in the first 60 days, was to flood the system overwhelm you. So you throw your hands up and, and you give up.


No, no, we not gonna give up. We gonna double down and we're going to be a north star. What I want at this meeting is civility. I, I want us to be civil. I want us to be an elegant, I want us to be intelligent. I want us to be thoughtful. I, Emory University's already signed up to work on the plan. They, they, they were, they, they were so impressed with what we're doing. Their, their economics department said, this is a great plan. We, along with The clock, Atlanta University Business School, will work to build this out for six months between now and the whole global forum in December, where we have another version of the plan. And everybody gets to participate in, not everybody, but the a hundred delegates will get to participate in help to shape the plan.


So what's gonna be announced at the meeting is the framework of the business plan. I talked a little bit about that today. I, I mentioned there's seven 50 billion available just for black. This is the Black American plan through credit score increases. We can do that ourselves. I I'm doing that at an Operation Hope. Increasing increasing credit score is 50 to a hundred points. And by the way, don't pay anybody to raise your credit. That, that you don't need that. We do it for free. You can be a homeowner. 44% of black people own a home compared to 75% of our white counterparts. The number one way you build wealth in America, homeowner is home. Ownership. Ownership. Brother, you talking about job Brian always talking about owning a home.


I don't own a home. The bank owns a home if you don't pay. Yeah. In fact, if you don't pay, if I own the home, if I loan you the money, I'm gonna own the home. Like capitalism. We've gotta stop being emotional also, man, like capitalism is a gladiator sport. Here's capitalism. This is a table. You're on one side, DJ v I'm on the other. You are the, you're the capitalist. I'm the consumer. Your job is to extract as much money from me while giving me the least. My job is to, to pay you the least while getting the most. This is my job. And that is your job.


And every successful negotiation is where everybody leaves it slightly annoyed. That's a success. You know, you've been in real estate, you know that to be true. If somebody's too happy and somebody's too sad, somebody got messed over. That's going into a car dealership in the hood. Right? So it always drives me nuts when I hear these artists talking about, oh, all these, I'm gonna go to some taboo areas. Oh, these Jews in music business, they robbing us. First of all, you weren't saying that when you, when they gave you the record contract. And this is not the Klan. This is not, this is not Nobody forced you to sign a contract. No. You should have got your attorney. It's that, it's that business. That person's job is to negotiate the best possible deal for themselves.


Their job is not to give you anything. Their job is to take every dollar they can off that table. Your job is to read your contract and negotiate and negotiate. And you, oh, I don't want to, I just wanna do music. Well, you about to get robbed. Mm. Quincy Jones told me, God rest his soul. If you think you're in the music business and you don't own music rights, publishing rights, or licensing rights or some kind of rights, you're not in the music business. You're a temporary performer. Mm. It's a music business. It's the business of music. So your job is to go to an attorney and read the contract, have it reviewed, come back with changes, red line notices. Charlemagne reads his contracts. I know, I know that.


Go back, say, no, I don't like this part. I don't like that part. I don't want that advance. That's a loan. That's what it is. It's a loan. Negotiate. I want to, I want what they do in the NFL. I want a signing bonus. I don't want a loan renegotiate. But you can't come back four years later because life didn't work out for you. And then say you are a racist. Right? All of a sudden. No, no, no, no. That's a good negotiator. You should be applauding them. Actually, they did their job. So I'm just trying to make it plain like we have gotta knock it off. Like we have gotta, when, when the rules are published and the playing field is level, we kill it. Look at you guys. You're the biggest in the planet. 'cause you know what you're doing.


Sports. We kill it. The arts, entertainment, music. We kill it. Faith we kill it. Politics, even president of the United, United States, we kill it. Obama, we went to the top of the mark. Why can't we do it in capitalism? Emini here. I'm just asking. It's not like we did it. We tried it and it didn't work. That's why I started out with these numbers about the government. We've been obsessing about the government. We've been at this trough for too long. They're kicking us out. We should wanna leave. They're kicking us out. That's what this, that's what's happening in Washington.


But we should have left 40 years ago To build our own. That part. That's right. That's right. Well, today it's, it's going to be a, a financial inclusion dream forward is a virtual town hall and we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Always my brother. Thank you so much. I love you guys. And make sure you subscribe to John Hope Bryan's podcast, the Money and Wealth podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. You can get information like this the all the time. By the way, it's by the way, it's top 5% of all podcasts. That's right. Right. I was stunned. I was looking at it last night. It's number 32 on entrepreneurship podcast for everybody. Love it on Apple. And its top 5%. So, so our people really do want to know, like, how does this stuff work? Like they really do. I I had 800 million video views in two years.


Now that's nothing to you guys, but I'm talking about some a boring talk topic that that's a lot's for money. Yes. So every and every week something hits a million views. One of my videos gets and people like, you should look at it and it's like 2000 shares, 8,000 shares, 10,000 shares. People are, people wanna know how this game works. Tell me how this stuff works, John, but no one's broke it down to 'em. I don't know. I don't know what this is. Successful people. I, I, I can't figure it out. I I don know if we're hiding. I don't know if they're afraid. I don I don't, I don't know what it is. They wanna keep it all to themselves. I I, I was in, I Can't And, and John's giving it to people, not selling it to people.


There's A difference. What did Jay-Z say? I'm giving you his 4 4 4 album was a Financial Literacy album. Yeah. We're talking to him about the way, about a partnership with the Financial Literacy. He said, I'm giving you a million dollars for the game for 9 9 9 9 9. I'm giving you for 9 99. Right. I was at this meeting, which I can't say what the meeting was, but it was a very meeting of billionaires in Florida early last year, And I couldn't figure out, while all these wealthy people were discouraging home ownership, I'm in this meeting and they don't, they want everybody to rent and they're trying to tell me that people don't wanna rent anymore. And I'm like, well, you know, I was born at night, but not last night.


Like, I read the newspaper And I read report And I got data and my data that says that most people actually wanna own a home. They don't know how to, And I think I figured it out because it makes no sense to me that my rich friends who tell you not to own a home, own a home. Mm. The rich people telling you not to own a home own. Probably three. By the way, this might be an interest, by the way. It's just capitalism. I don't, I'm not, I'm not hating on, but you think about Uber, Lyft. I know. By the way, we partner with Uber. I love, I love Dana. The, the di the guy who's the CEO that's renting you a ride. You can rent an rv. Help me out here.


You can rent, you can rent Dang near anything. Now it could be that people are saying, you know what, we're gonna own all the houses now. All the assets, rent to people. Y'all just rent. Just rent your life. Yeah. You know, you, your generation. You, you just wanna go have fun. Fine. If you wanna be ignorant, I'm sorry. If you wanna be cool, See what you did, You go rent your life. We'll own it. We'll take care. Don't worry about it. We'll take care of it. By the way, I'm a landlord, but I want you to move from rent to own. I don't want you staying with me forever. I don't want you working at McDonald's for your entire life. Right? I would say Walmart. But by the way, do you know that if you're a, if you are a general manager of a Walmart, you're making a million dollars a year.


Did you know that? No. But thank you. I'm in the wrong business. That's stunning to me. Yeah, it is. If you are working one of these big box retailers, you, you are making as much as a million dollars a year. Almost found out. There's opportunity everywhere. People have gotta become obsessed with Financial Literacy and AI literacy. Everything is going to change by 25th, 2030, sorry. By 20, the next five years, if you got a high school education and you lazy and you chilling, you, you messed up, you toe up from the flow up. This world's gonna leave you absolutely behind. Van Jones will be at the meeting, said that 99% of white people, black people don't know a thing about ai, but 99% of white people don't know a thing about AI either.


Mm. This is mutual discrimination. And if you're a an accountant, your job might be gone because AI's gonna remove it. If you're an attorney, your job might be gone. But if you can master artificial intelligence, everything's gonna change. You wanna ride the horse of how AI accounting's gonna be next, or law's gonna be next or what you've seen, robotics and automation technology completely transform radio and media. So this stuff is changing underneath our feet. If you're working at a con at a CVS or a grocery store, you, you went into one, five years ago, 10 counter clerks at the rest of the grocery store, one tester line for a self-checkout, go to the same grocery store today.


10 self-checkouts, One teller. Tell me I'm lying. Nope, that's real. You're Not. Go to CDs or Walgreens. You might not see a teller at all at all. Go to the, go to the, go to the airport and go to the fast food restaurant. It's a tablet. Yep. Yep. It's happening. Right. What you want in front of us, folks have gotta be obsessed about what we're talking about here. Your life literally depends on it. And if we master this, this country can't survive without black and brown people and women. God has a sense of humor. I'm done when I was here last I said this, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna double down.


Th it is never been in the history of The World. A you cannot be a global economy. You cannot be The World leader unless you're the economic leader. There's never been a superpower That wasn't the economic power. At the same time, Rome, France, Germany, whoever it was, right? Britain we're The World leader, we're the economic leader. There's never been a situation where we relied on minorities to, to sustain that ever. In 1950, America was 90% white, not 18 50, 19 50. America's down. Incredibly diverse. And there's not enough college educated, successful white men to drive GDP Gross domestic product for the next 20 years.


There's just not enough of them. I want every one of them to be successful. There's just not enough of them. So unless we wanna be speaking Mandarin in 20 years, my rich friends eat my poor friends to do better. If only to stay rich. They actually need us. I'm gonna say something real crazy. Even the Klansmen, even the racist, the most racist white person you've ever met succeeds. When we do Well today, tune into Dream forward. That's right. A virtual town hall on financial inclusion. And we appreciate you for joining us. Brother Suit Operation Hope.


Thank you, John. It's John Hope Bryant, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you ever wondered if your pet is lying to you? Why is My cat not Here And I go in and she's eating my lunch? Or if hypnotism is real, you will use the suggestion in order to enhance your cognitive controls. But what's inside a black hole? Black Holes could be a consequence of the way that we understand the Universe. Well, we have answers for you in the new iHeart original podcast. Sign stuff. Join me or hitch ham as we answer questions about animals, space, our brains, and our bodies. So give yourself permission to be a science geek and listen to sign stuff on the iHeart video app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The World of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Brought to you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Hey, all you women's soups, fans, and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.