
Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey, A B, C. Tonight, The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past winter, our dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1, executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and John Johnson's, your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey series Premiere tonight. Nine eight Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


This is Janna Kramer from Wind Down with Janna Kramer. I had no idea supplements would make that much of a difference in how I feel every single day. That's why I'm so happy I found SymbioticA. SymbioticA is one of the fastest growing health and wellness companies right now. I take their supplements every single day. And I can really feel a difference in how I feel. I love how easy it is to take Symbio Attica supplements. Here's my routine. I take Symbio Attica every day in the morning before starting my day or even having my morning coffee. I love feeling like I'm doing something good for my body. Right at the start of the day. Prepping for my wedding, I've been making sure to prioritize my health, which is easy. With SymbioticA. My favorite product is A liposomal vitamin C. Vitamin C is essential for collagen production, glowing skin, and anti-aging. And I have really noticed a difference in my skin since I added it to my routine. It also tastes delicious. We all want that glowy, healthy skin for summer. And SymbioticA is the answer. If you're not someone who thrives on routine, SymbioticA makes it super easy to stay on track with a monthly order. Your supplements arrive at your doorstep every month so you don't have to even think about it. One of the best perks is you get to enjoy exclusive discounts and access to secret sales. Head over to symbi attica.com/jana for 20% off. Plus free shipping off your subscription order.


Gear Up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan and usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Torn capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out, of course, maternity leave. So Lauren la is filling in and we got a special guest in The building. Yes, indeed. Mickey Guyton On. Welcome. I am so, so, so excited to be here. Well, welcome. It's my, how are you Feeling? I'm feeling really, really good. I just admire you guys and I've listened to you guys for a long time, so it just really means a lot to Thank you Mickey. Oh, thank you. We appreciate you having no taste in morning show. None at all. Thank you very much. Thank you. None at all. Who is Mickey Guyton On? For people that don't know You know, I am a black country singer, the first female that has been nominated for a Grammy and best performance, A best country performance and best country Album.


And I've just been fighting the fight and trying to discover all these different country artists to give them opportunities and equality and a genre that was started by Us. And what made you fall in love with country music? So Of all things I I know, I know. You would think, well, first of all, a lot of black people love country music. I'm from Waco, Texas or Crawford, Texas. And we started it. Yeah. Yes we did. Yes, we did. Banjo is a West African Instrument. Yes, we did. When you go to the country Music Hall of Fame, one of the first things you see are black people picking on the porch. So it's really important. But I picking The not cotton. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, sure. That's, I'm that too, I'm sure. But yeah, not cotton. But yes, so I was, I went to a bap, a Southern Baptist church, And I.


Went to a Texas Rangers baseball game. And I was all the way in the nosebleeds section. I heard a girl named Leanne Rimes sing the national anthem. And I. Just just loved her voice. And. I've just loved it Ever since. Wow. What were your, like before you decided to get into country music? Yeah. Like what were you doing singing then? And like what was It like or, oh man. Yeah. I sang in the church, but I listened to all genres of music. You know, I was a huge fan of Whitney Houston, a huge fan of Brandy and Monica. Like those are some of the people that I really looked up to. And I don't know. I just decided I was singing demos. And I was working with this woman that wrote Stick It, that movie that, whatever that movie was a long time ago. And I was singing demos for her and she was like, Mickey, why don't you sing country music?


And I was like, well, I've always loved it, but I mean there's nobody of us that looks like me in that genre. And she was like, well, you should. So here I am. What do you define as country music nowadays? Because You know when I, when I, I remember when they was used to say Taylor Swift was a country music artist, but then she sounded like she was making pop records. Yeah. And then people would say, this new Album is yours. Yeah. It's borderline pop. Yeah. So what is country music nowadays? That's a good question because You know country music borrows from a lot of different genres. You know If. you listen to some of the biggest country artists in The, World, they all have trap beats in their music. So that is a good question. What is the sound of country music? It's so funny that a lot of people wanna define what country music is, but it really, if it's your intention is to make country music, whatever your country music is for you is your music.


Because country music is all of our music. Because I Like Jelly Roll. Yeah. I love Jelly Roll. And it don't, it, it don't sound like country to me, but I'm like, well maybe I don't know what country stuff. Like there's like, there's rock influences in country, there's hip hop influences in country music, there is pop and r and b influences of country music, like genres really are You know really coming together. It's becoming genre list to me personally. But yeah, it's all kinds of music. People talk About this so much racism in in in country music, right? Yeah. And so many things that you gotta fight through. But they also said as a kid that you had to face a lot of racism growing up as well. Yeah. Going from school to school. So what made you say You know what? I'm just gonna keep on with this racism train and keep fighting through It. You know, listen, that is a good keep up with this racism. That is a good question because You know it shows itself all of the time.


It's something You know sometimes you're just doing the Lord's work. It's so important as black people that we show ourselves in all different facets of this country and in this world because this country was built off of black people. And for me, I loved country music so much. And I had, I was a little naive when I came into it. At first I thought, oh, it's gonna be good for me. It's, I've got this You know I got a record deal right off the bat. I just knew it was gonna be easy for me and it wasn't. And it was really, really, really, really, really hard. And I was getting ready to quit and as I was getting ready to quit country music, I talked to my husband saying like, why do you think country music isn't working for me?


And he was like, well, you're running away from everything that makes you different. Ooh. Like country music is three chords in the truth. And you're a black woman that sings country music. So why aren't you writing that from that perspective? Mm. So I wrote Black Like Me this song that was nominated for a Grammy. And from there I started thinking, I was like, okay, if I'm going to leave this genre, I need to make sure that I can make it easier for the people that come after me. So I started looking for black country singers. And I found Brittany Spencer who was just over here. I discovered Rayna Roberts and Tanner Ade and all these different artists. And I was just like trying to show people that we're here. Because if black people can see themselves, we will we, we will come to the genres.


If you're in You know What in a corporation and you're in a high powered position, I feel like it is your obligation to make sure that you look out for people that look like you. Especially because we are all a part of this world and we shouldn't just be in the shadows anymore. So that was kind of my motivation to keep on this racism train. Because let me tell you, it is hard. Could, it's hard, could matter. What was your biggest challenge? You know Country Radio was one of the biggest challenges for me. You know going on You know radio tour and country music. You have to do radio tours and you have to go and sing in these like dingy bars and bring people Dickies barbecue and donuts and sing in these little politics.


Yeah. It's really, really hard. And they, and all these people can decide if they want to play your music or not because I, I've seen that when Beyonce put out her record, so many country stations didn't wanna play her record as well. Yeah. So you totally understood what she was going through. Oh, 100%. 100%. And how did you feel when she wasn't nominated for a, for anything at the CMA? I was very disappointed. I was very disappointed. You know. Like I know what a lot of it has to do with the voters and who's voting. And a lot of the voters are You know radio, radio program directors. So that is, it is what it is. You know, I can't, you can't, you've gotta show up and vote, I guess is all you can say. I can say it was really definitely disappointing because there was such a chance and a moment to show that all that we've been fighting for that it's acknowledged.


And I mean She did have one of the biggest albums this year. You think she, she got snugged because I asked that same question to, to somebody in country and they said to me, not really. When I asked that she gets snubbed, they said, it's never been about Album success. Tons of artists in country don't get recognized. Yeah, true. The voting group is a ton of industry from all over the country. And when an artist any doesn't put forth the effort to do interviews or be a part of the community, it's hard to get them to vote for you. Yeah. And then they was telling me about like, Zach Bryant got screwed. Yeah. I mean, and that's very true too. But then they talked about Sha Booze and I've never heard of War in Treaty. They were like, yeah. Yeah. So they talked about You know. So Warren Treaty, Tanya was the Girl in Sister Act that sing with Laury Hill. Oh. Oh yeah.


So y'all really need to show some love to Lauren Treaty. Gotcha. Yeah. Wow. So, so it's basically, it is politics. Yeah. There is, I mean there's, there's politics in every award show. You know. I just felt, I was just really disappointed because I felt like it was an opportunity for the CMAs as a whole to show like, maybe not Album of the Year, but maybe that song like Texas Holden. 'cause it was a really big song. It would've just been great to see one thing. American Idol. You tried out for American Idol. I did try out for American. And you didn't make it. I didn't make it 50. No, no, no, no. That show is so hard doing shows like that because it's so relative. It's like you're not singing your songs, you're singing somebody else's song, somebody else's hit.


And it takes a very special artist. Did you give the middle to be able To do that? No. After like Paul do Betty Jackson. I was not like, I actually love Randy. Like I love Randy. Did you see him after? Yeah. I actually had ran into Randy like a week after, after I was rejected. And we've just become really great friends. He's a really great guy. And I. Love him. That's All. Now the first track on the Album is called My. Side. Of. The Country. Yes. What does your side of the country look like? Mickey? So, well, I live You know I've lived in Texas, but I also live in California. And I. The reason why I wrote that song, first of all, I wrote that song with a guy named Tyler Hubbard who was in that group for Georgia, Florida, Florida, Georgia Line.


And we just wanted to write a song because there's so many versions of country music, which is what we were talking about at the beginning of the show. Like there's West Coast Country, there's You know New York country. I feel like there's Middle of America country And I just wanted to show all the different facets that My, Side, Of The. Country looks like this. I've got a beach, but I also wear cowboy boots. You know. Wow. I didn't know that. There were like, like how is West Coast, east Coast, like hip hop? There is, yeah. Like If, you look at like, there's Bakersfield country, like there's an artist named John Party. There's very specific kinds of country And you're really big into hip hop. I, I was told My son really loves hip hop. How old is your son? Three. Three? Yes. His favorite song is Euphoria At Three.


At Three. And he knows The World. Great record. And he knows words every morning. Every morning. Really? Yes. Mom play euphoria Louder. Daddy louder. I love That. How are some of the things that you watch in hip hop or just your relationships with hip hop artists, how does that reflect in your music? I know you're, you and Cardi have a really good Friendship too, right? Yeah. Yeah. You know, I just, what I love about You know hip hop music is the honesty in it, the culture movement of it. You know it's always, hip hop is always in the forefront of what is going on in life. And just watching hip hop, hip hop artists just live so boldly in who they are. It's something that I really, really admired. Like it's something that singing and country music, which made me become bolder and more outspoken about trying to make sure that there was equality was watching what is happening in hiphop music.


How traumatizing is being a black person in country music, especially a black woman. 'cause it feels like it's traumatizing so many of the things that you have to deal with just in society. Yeah. So many of those show up in country music. Yes. You were being emotional earlier. Yeah. Don't make me cry. No, I'm not. I'm Sorry. I I noticed it though. Yeah. So it's really hard. You know, even with Beyonce's Cowboy Carter and her featuring so many amazing black country artists, even after that, they're still artists that aren't signed. Mm. Like Rainer Roberts is still not signed.


Rainer's not signed, Not yet. No. Wow. And so that's why, another reason why I wanted to come on here is try to just like You know, encourage your listeners to really be intentional with your consumerism and support all of these black country artists on this record. 'cause it is really hard. We are paving a way that is completely uncharted. Like there's no path, there's no formula for black female country singers. Yeah. You know, like Linda Martel left the genre You know money long dabbled in country music. Hey Michelle. Hey Michelle. Like it's so hard. You know. You know. I do believe that black women are the most vulnerable in The World.


And so often, like we're just set aside, cast aside, you're problematic. You're too loud. Whatever it is. And I. Think that's also why I stick in this sometimes racist a lot of times racists genre to just protect them. Is it true that a a a few years ago when Morgan Wallen used the word   Right? You spoke out against it. Yes. You received so much backlash Yes. That it caused you to go into early labor. Yes. What? Yes. Stress. Yes. I'm sorry that happened to you and nobody Had you back. I'm so sorry that happened to you. There's some, yeah. I'm so sorry.


The shoes here. Yeah. Can I bring a water? I'm gonna hug you. It's okay. But now we understand. You. You, you're fighting. You feel like you're fighting by yourself. What, What kept you going after that? Yeah. How do You go You know my my husband. The, the, all the people that have encouraged to come to this genre, I can't just abandon them. You know you don't just abandon your people.


Like you can't do that. And there has been so much change that has happened since then. Like going to CMA fest, You know, I've been going to CMA fest for years. And I saw nobody. And now there's so many different plaque, black country artists that are coming and being on stages and getting to sing on stages. There's black people that are attending CMA fest that feel like there's a space for them. Like that is what's happening. So yes, change is slow. It's hard. There's so much going on that can be very discouraging. But there's also so many things that are happening because we're still here and we're still fighting.


Do You feel nobody supports you and has your back and Your drama? Oh, I have a lot of people that support me and have my back. Like these people right here have my back You know Brittany Spencer is like one of my best friends. And we talk through so many of these things all the time. There's You know there's black women in the industry that we confide in each other that have high powered positions. And it's just like, we just find each other. You know. I'll go to an award show and I'll see one black person that's working in production and we know each other, each other like we've known each other for years. So there is like a support. Like I do have a, a family of people that support me.


You guys just even taking the time to talk to me, I've wanted to talk to y'all so much, just to kind of like spread the word and let people know that we're here so that you can just know that you can support us. It would just mean The World and y'all being here. Thank Y'all so much. The sad thing about it is I know for myself, I'm not, I wasn't really into country music. Yeah. Because I didn't see anybody that looked like me or looked like my kids Yeah. And looked like, but working up here, you start meeting people and you start, it starts opening you up because Yeah. I never listened to country music. Yeah. You know what I mean? But I, it, it's sad to say, but when Beyonce did, the Album made me open up to like, oh, let me hear what else are they talking about? Which is sad. So For me it was Alice Randall. Yes. You know Alice Randall. Alice Randall. Yes. Yeah. 'cause she, she put out a book called My Black Punch, my Black Country.


I actually published it. So when I read the book You know about probably like a year and a half ago. Yeah. I was just intrigued by the history that black people had and country music. So before there was a Beyonce, I just thought this was a great story Yeah. That people need to hear. And then God put, had, had Cowboy Carter on Kama just all Yeah. Aligned. And there was a whole influx of country artists even before the ones that you're seeing. There was a movement like this that it happened, like I believe in like the eighties or nineties. And


From producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes res ball. A new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chuca new Mexico, the Chuca Warriors, a high school basketball team based their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player, the team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and premiering September 27th only on Netflix.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey, it's Angela Yee. Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color. With 10 hour comfort in a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Gari studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is that girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Maison Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And can you hear that magnetic click? Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant news and pops of color from Couture industries to spike pose to its Valentino baby beyond its heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel and cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated and delivers high pigment color. After one stroke, wear it bold or soft and blurred for a more subtle look. Tell us how you wear Spike Valentino.


It's just like you get so how often can you keep running in a burning house? You know. And it's just so important, again, black people, all people, to be intentional with your consumerism. Like really, really think about and just even If, you just stream that artist's song once, one time a day. Like what that could do for that artist. 'cause it's so important in corporations they hear money. You know that's where they You know they hear money. And that's what drives everything. That's what gives us our jobs. And if we can just continuously support them because they need it so much. Like support Rainer Roberts support re tiara support Buzi now that he, that he needs it.


He's doing really good. But support Brittany Spencer. Tanner Adele. Like go to their shows. Go to all of our shows. I have one in New York. Yeah. When is the show in New York? When is It The 30th? The 30th. 30th. This month. Yes. You got a whole headlining toy that you about to start. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the first date? You Know. My first date is 26th. Yeah. Thursday 26th. Yeah. Okay. In DC Yeah. And also once you said once the, because I wanna expound on what you were saying. You said, I am proof standing here that you should invest in black talent. There's equity in us and if we just get the opportunity, there's so much possibility. Yes. So what is the poss possibility? The possibility is to headline your own tour. Be able to pay your bills, be able to provide for your family, be able to live your dream of being a country artist. There's so many black people that love country music that I don't even think that we realized because we didn't think the genre was for us.


And they are coming out of the woodworks talking about country artists. I don't even know. Right. So You know. That's what I mean When a Dolly Parton says something like what she said in response to Beyonce not getting a, a nominated for CMA. Yeah. Does that hurt or help your, like your mission of things because inside, like he said, people are like, well no, it's politics and there's like a You know people are senior here. Yeah. But then on the outside it, it's, it felt like, and people reacted to it 'cause it felt like, oh no, this is us being shut out again. Yes. Yes. You know. I un un Yeah. I think that it does unintentionally on Dolly's part. Some other people may say that and have a different intention, but I do feel like in her, her intention was not to defend the CMAs like that.


I think maybe she's talking about the people in there. I don't know. But I do believe that it can hurt us. Yes. Yes. I wanted to talk about your song Scary Love. Yeah. I have six kids. Charlemagne has four. So yeah. That is definitely a scary type of situation. Yeah. So let's talk about what inspired that song. Yeah. And and how it almost scared the ish outta you. Oh man. So back in 2021, when my son was nine months old, he ended up getting really sick. And this was during Covid. Now This was during Covid. And he turned septic and had sepsis. And. I will never forget it. We were sitting in the, the er, And I looked at the nurse. And I choked out the words, is my baby gonna die?


And she looked at me and she said, I am very concerned right now. And he is the sickest person in the ER right now. Oh my God. And that was during yikes, the height of Covid. So what, what happened? Break us down. Like what, what did you See? I fell on my knees. I was saw, I saw him losing consciousness. Oh, At home. And then you just rushed him to the Yeah, we rushed him to the hospital. He was losing consciousness in the car. And then he was at that part, that point of like delirium, And, I. Think he was in so much pain. Like he just wasn't there. But I saw him slipping away from me. And. I. Remember I just fell to my knees praying this woman was on a stretcher and she reached down and we just started praying. And You know, I have my complicated You know relationship with God.


And I don't always pray. And I think after the last You know few years of all the hate that's been You know spewing. And when I was getting cyber bullied, a lot of these people had Bible verses and their profile pictures and all their profile bios. And it was just really hard. So in this moment, like all I could do was pray. And then it made me realize why my mom was so crazy over me growing up. 'cause you think, mom, I got it. I'm fine. And then you realize like, she's not fine if something happens to you. So now everything that I do, like getting behind the wheel and driving, I'm praying, going anywhere. I just pray to get back home to my family safely.


'cause it's underrated blessing. Yeah. It is. Like you don't even realize that. And in 2023, I lost three people in my life in the same month. Wow. And so it does like life is so fleeting. Like it's such a blessing to breathe every single day. Absolutely. What are you doing mentally every single day to kind of recharge you? It's, you have a lot 'cause it's a lot. It's a lot that You Know. It's, I know. And it's just because you are black woman in a room where you don't, I mean, there's more of us now, but it wasn't Like that. Yeah. It wasn't like that. It's kind of heavy. What are you doing every single day that kind of Lifts you back up? So, so I take these, they're a natural, they're called stress shield. So it's a natural like anti-anxiety medication that I take.


I really try to stay away from You know social media in a sense of like, that's The biggest thing right There. All the politics. Like, I need to see love and light. Gimme a funny dog video. Right. You know Snoop Dogg always has the best videos. I love watching his page. 'cause they just bring a source of laughter. I think as a whole, we just need joy right now. Like we're, it's we're triggered constantly. Yeah. Every single day. And so sometimes You know it's okay to just take a step back and take a break and not look at all that because it's traumatizing every single day. You ever think just getting off completely? Yeah. Oh, I mean I have my, I have my fence though. Mm. Okay. Okay. But that's like my, it's just all my son Got you.


My son gives me such a source of happiness. I don't wanna say that I'm using him to fulfill my happiness, but he gives me such a purpose that I'd never felt before. And all I wanna do is just give him the best life that he could possibly have. You ever use your fence to the match energy? Like when people being racist to you, you get on there and say, fuck you. No. No. Fuck you. Crack up. I found myself Like typing it out and I'm like, I've gotta stop. I am not a Yelp reviewer. Like leave it alone next Time. Call Charmon. He'll help you out. Yeah. I'll help. Okay. Okay. I'll give you my login. Why did you have a complicated relationship with God? Well, I just think because You know all the racism that you see and all of these people that claim to love God are saying such terrible things to you.


And it just made me feel like, like, are you really there? Why would you give us this fight in life? You know and, but You know, I'm so grateful that the Lord is near the brokenhearted. Right. And. I think he puts like we are his people, we're his children and he looks after us. And so yeah. Before songs like Scary Love and Black like me. What, what were you writing about? I was, I was just trying to figure out what would advance me in country music. I was trying to write what I was trying to interpret that type of country music. I just wanted to be accepted.


So there was, sometimes I would go in writing sessions and I'll never forget it, You know. They would write a song with O and his blue eyes and I'm like, well, the man that I love doesn't have blue eyes. He's got dark brown eyes. You know And I was, I was writing fake songs about a fake life that I did not live. Hmm. You would still sing the song anyway. No, no, I wouldn't, I wouldn't sing that. But when we were writing, I didn't even have the courage to be like, right. That's Night You know. Yeah. And so, but yeah, I was writing about a fake life that I don't live. And so I stopped doing that. And I started really writing like just what country music is to me.


Are there any of your, 'cause I, I know also too, you just, you you love Gorilla. Yes. And that's like a recent thing for you. You met her a couple months ago. Yeah. Yeah. I love, I'm Only your business. I see. I'm in your business. You I love her. She's so beautiful and just such a like sweet, kind. A lot of energy. Spiritual, yeah. Like very spiritual. I feel God in Gorilla's music. I do. I really do. I do. Like she's just, I wasn't expecting that You know, like I love what she says in her songs like, but I just, I don't think I was ever really paying attention to like who she really is and being around her. She's such a, a lovely human being and so is Cardi. Yeah. You Love Cardi. You got a great relationship with Card, right? I do.


I really love her. Like she is just another person. Like I was expecting something so different because You know I follow her online and loved her personality. I loved her on Love and Hip hop. And then you see her and she's just this very kind and loving person. But I think that's how all we all are card's the best We but like, Not You know they cousins. Right. I did not know that. Yeah. Gorilla and Cardi. Wow. Okay. Would you bring any of the hip hop girls into some of your music that You right now? Oh my God. If they would have me. Yes. Yes. I love that. So Would it be just Gorilla Cartier or who else would Oh my God. I love, I could do Some songs with some, some Records. I could see Definitely G Glow. I And I. Love Megan Thee Stallion too. Yeah, Cardi too. But I would, I I feel like I would It from Megan. Yeah, Megan from Houston too would be great. Yeah. You know, I think I just love all of them really.


They're, they're just, I don't know what's The biggest misconception about country music? Because I, because I keep thinking about this cowboy Carter Album. Yeah. And it's just like, did people buy that Album for Beyonce or because they're really interested in country music? I think You know those are her fans and, and they, they, it's a new genre of music. Why not? I wanna put 'em on my boots and Spurs, even though we don't walk around in our Spurs. But You know. I was Is that stereotypical though? Is that like Yeah, I don't, people don't wear their spurs on You know. I think that's a big misconception of country music. And as much as I have been talking about You know racism and country music, there are some really, really, really good people in the genre.


Like there are You know, like Marin Morris or a girl named Cam Tyler Hubbard is also a really, really good person in country music. Chris Stapleton, Jellyroll You know there's a really good group of people in there. So You know, I don't wanna like say everybody's horrible. I'm not walking around these streets and people are like waving their confederate flags at me. That's not happening. But I mean, that has happened though. But yeah, I think when you come from the rural, I'm from the rural south. Right. Yeah. I think when you come from the rural South You know one thing you do realize in regards to race, it's more so class than anything. Like You know. My my first white friend is a guy named Thomas Evans.


Like he used to live right next door to me and him and Yeah. Being way on the south for sure. Yeah. It was like I, we we were just poor. Yeah. You know. Didn't realize the racial dynamic till we got, yeah. Till we got older. And I, 100% agree with that. You know, my mom grew up really, really poor in a town called Reel Texas. And she said, look, we all needed to eat. It didn't matter what color you are, we all needed to have some of this cow. I was like, gosh, mom. But yeah, it's true. There's the classism for sure. So I wondered, do they, do they not see that? Like, at least in country music, like, like we all come from the same place in a lot of instances. I sometimes, I don't know, like these are, these are questions like I would love to know because I don't, I don't always know.


Sometimes I don't even know if people always see it. Hmm. You know. Like, I've gone on a red carpet and a woman said, oh my God, you're so tan. And I'm like, Wow, what You know. Like I don't, I don't know. I don't know. There's maybe education that could be something that we need to do more of. But who Would do they want to have the discussion? Because it's not like You know. No, Of course not. They're over it. They are ready to move on. Yeah. I mean, everybody's ready to move on from the discussion. You know, DEI programs are getting shut down all across the board in entertainment. Like it's really like everybody's done. They're over it. And that's really hard. That's a tough pill to swallow. It really is. So how do you see the country music landscape five years from now?


Do things get better? Do more doors get knocked down? I don't know. Mm. I don't know. If, you wanna be perfectly honest. I don't know. But we have a lot of people, this woman back here, cameo Carlson, she can come to the cookout. She started a program called Equal Access and they give out grants to all these artists from underserved communities. Whether you're gay, black, Latino, whatever you are, to give them an opportunity to record music in an Album. And so there's people that are really doing things. It's just, I don't know. I don't know. I just hope people don't get discouraged and don't wanna keep pursuing this genre of music. I hope Sha booze is showing You know that it can happen for anybody and maybe inspiring more people to come to the genre because I believe that it is not enough for just one person to be one person of color, to be successful in country music.


That is not change. Like you saw Charlie Pride. That's right. And that was it for the longest time. And so it's like you have to help your people. Like change is all of you walking through that door together and, and being able to have your own lucrative career careers. Because once you have your lucrative career, then you can have opening acts and that are of color that can have their own careers. That's the only way, in my personal opinion, that I can feel like we can see true change. Wow. Well let's play a join off the Album. Let's play something off the Album man. What? So people can hear. Oh man. Exactly what we're talking about. What you want to hear what You got? My Side. Of The Country make Making me, making me here with you.


House on Fire side. The country's Really good. I wanna hear My Side. Of The Country. Yeah. Okay. And here with you is really good. What do you think? House on Fire. House on Fire. Fire. That's a good one. Yeah. House on Fire. All right, well let's get to it now. We appreciate you for joining me Guidance so, so much. Don't a stranger. I'm Sorry for crying To a show. I wanna experience a show now. Yeah. You got me excited. Maybe I'm gonna listen to more than just Cowboy Carter. Come on. She said she. That's why you got, you should get Mickey Guidance Album House on Fire. But you should also read My Black Country by Alice Randall. Yes. I'm telling you, it goes hand in hand. If. you care about country music and black people in country music. That's right. She breaks it down. That's right. I just wanna support you. Thank you. I just want you to feel like you, it's not just you. That's right. No, yeah. I really appreciate it. It's not just me, And I.


Really, you guys, again, just being here and giving me this opportunity to talk to you guys is been a dream. Well, it's Mickey Guyton. On. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for, for joining us again. Anytime you're in town, pull on up. And she's gonna be in town on the 30th for New York. On the 30th. If. you going Lauren? Yeah. I'll go. I'll give you my number. Okay. Lemme see what date that is. What day is that? Please? Hope it's a weekend. No, it's not a weekend. It's Monday. So we can go. Okay. This is for You. By the way. Alice Randall is my If. you have it ready? Oh. Oh. So you okay. Okay. I know Alice Randall, She's a professor at Vanderbilt. Yeah, I've gone and spoke at her class before. Dope. Okay. Alright. Absolutely. Alice Randall's been, She's been up here. Yes, she has as well. All right. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The. Breakfast. Club. Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open. Airbus are stylish. The color, the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out bs.com for more.


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes at Big Vegas. Hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary Void Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five Casino


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


One in three women and one in four men. Experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Chba


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life@cmbacasino.com. btw Group. No purchase necessary. Board Web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.