
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's Up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth mouthwatering, waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t. Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone four detail.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rose is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. We have Dr. Cheyenne Bryant. Hey, welcome. Good morning. Morning. What's up Breakfast Club Man. You are one of the people, people in the mental health space who are, who's using, who's really using social media, right? Thank, right like You know. 'cause you've used it to You know, elevate your platform and just elevate the conversation around mental health. So I applaud you on that. Yeah, thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah, I always say I didn't get into this field to become a celebrity, but God has his own plans, right? So I literally, in my master's and my doctorate program, I remember our, my professor saying, everyone who's gonna get licensed raise your hand.


I didn't raise my hand. Everybody else did. And he's like, doc, you going You know with Cheyenne at that time you're going through all this and not get licensed. I'm like, no. 'cause I'm gonna be on a platform where I'm able to change lives. Didn't think that it ended up being a platform where, to this magnitude one and then to the place where literally I didn't want it. The whole celebrity status and lifestyle. And not that I'm saying I don't want it now. And, I don't like it. It's just this is not where I expected it to go. But again, if God needs to use a celebrity, this And I said at, at your mental health, a mental health expo, You know whether the celebrity status brings me the naysayers or the sayers, whatever it brings. As long as they can get a tip or two that gives them a, a better quality of life and helps them become better mentally, then run the play.


I'm cool with it. It's What? It's how, how does that impact though? Like, you do work in mental, mental health, but there's a lot of like the naysayers are so loud. How does that impact you mental health wise and like what's your work through? Because it's there, especially with that when that the Kim interview came out, they were, people were upset about it. Some people agree, but You know. How do you as a person in that space deal with all of that pushback? This is the thing, sis. I grew up a little girl in the inner city in the hood. I grew up to two teenage parents. My mom was addicted to the drug that my father sold. I'm a product of a street dude, a straight gangster who turned into being a good family man. And my mom is now sober for the record. Yeah. And so I say all that to say that when you grow up in a certain type of adversity, loud noise that's against the grain of what you're doing.


And don't everybody, it's not loud noise. You know it's a norm. And that's why You know the Bible says it's good for me that I was afflicted. Mm. Because when you have those afflictions, they are preparing you for a time like this, right? That you have to stand in a leadership role. And leadership comes with pressure, it comes with commitment, it comes with character. And so when you have naysayers who are applying pressure, then that's when you show if you a pipe or if you're a diamond. But I already knew from the trenches that I was a diamond. So I wasn't worried about coming into this space with somebody having a problem with what I'm doing. And I'm in my intent. I'm in my purpose and I'm vertical and who I am. It don't matter to me 'cause I'm running my own place. So I'm not sitting up there as a quarterback being Brady, waiting for a moss.


Right? Ooh, I'm good Heavy, listen, I'm gonna make all my receivers better. Okay, put somebody out there, we gonna Win. Put someone out there. That's just what it is. You know. So when you're vertical and who you are, you're not really worried about what is gonna show up to catch the catch. You know you, your job is to throw. And then the receiver's job is to do what to catch. And so the quarterback don't throw and go, Jess catch you better do it. Just hands up, the quarterback throws. And he like, all right, I know I did it 10 up and slant over and that's it. And it's a celebration if you are in there. If not, we run the playback again. Yeah. Until we do it. And that's just what, that's what life's about. Now you talked about your calling.


So when it came, when it comes to your calling, what is your calling? What are you specialize in? Is it relationships? Is it dealing with people's problems? Is it just listening? What is your specialty when it comes to it? And what's your calling? I love that. So I started off as a marriage and marriage family, child therapist, And, I. Tell God I said, listen, I'm, I am a little girl from the hood You. know what I come from. Don't put me in the hood and don't put me with with You know court order. DCF kids. Not that I had a problem with them, I didn't wanna be triggered dealing with them. Got it. And, I didn't wanna have to deal with what I came from. I wasn't in the system, but I came from that type of adversity. And the first place God put me was off of Dale and Slauson, I don know if y'all familiar with the la but a block away from Slauson Swap Meet in the hood.


And every one of my, my clients were court ordered DCFS, department of Family and Child Services. We had moms in there who were pregnant, still still hitting the pipe, asking me can I sign off on the documents so they can get the kids back? Because I was predicated on their reunification with their kids. And so started off as doing that when I got my doctorate, I transitioned to a psychology expert life coach so that my hands wouldn't be tied behind my back. Because when I was a therapist working for a nonprofit under a license, the protocol just with the BBS law, and you're, you're very familiar with like mental health and therapy. There's so many things that you cannot do based on ethics and law that in my opinion, it negates.


And it really takes away from the real therapeutic experience. So for example, I had a young lady come in and she had experienced sexual abuse. Her mother was allowing men to pay her to have sex with her daughter at 13 from age, all the way from age eight to 16. The last time the the guy came in, he put her on the burners and the stove burners and had his way with her for that young lady. Thank God that was the last straw for her. So she ends up in, in my office and we're talking and she's telling me her story, And, I'm starting to become triggered because it's triggering my sexual abuse past. And so long story short, after one of our sessions, I get up and she's in tears and she's telling her story, And I go to hug her.


And she's like, no, no, no. You know. Don't touch me because that, that's not something that she's in a place to handle at that time. No problem. Eight months go by, she's like, she has to then be transferred out. She's like, all right, You know I wasn't Dr. Brian And. I was Cheyenne. She's like, miss Cheyenne, thank you for everything. I'm like, okay. And she goes, oh by the way, I'm ready for that hug. Everything in me, everything in me. DJ Envy was just like, everything was just like, oh yeah. And so not only did I hug her, but I think I broke the the BBS laws. 'cause I hugged that poor baby. I kissed all over her. Yeah, but you're not supposed to do do that. So you're still human though. You're Not. But you're still human. And so my specialty then was marriage, family, child therapy.


So that is my foundation. So now that I am a psychology expert life coach, I don't, I can't get rid of that because I, that's my foundation. I do psychodynamic CCB t but I couple it, which is my hybrid approach with coaching. So it's therapy and coaching, which is hybrid And. I say this without humility. That's why I'm so effective because therapy is, tell me more. Let me hear about your trauma, your daddy issues, your mom issues. Why are you who you are? And then once you, you're finished dealing with that and you process that, okay, DJ envy, what the hell you going from there? I, I do have one one other question. When it comes to the therapy part aspect, I'm sure The World has been watching the Mendez Brothers, right? And I had a question, right? Yeah. So the Mendez brothers, if you don't know, they confessed their crime to their therapist.


And they believed that the therapists could not tell police officers because it was, I guess patient client privilege. But they did. So does that mean anything that I tell a therapist or that anybody tells a therapist can and can possibly be used against them in a court of law? A hundred percent. So a therapist is only under confidential oath unless you are threatened to kill yourself and someone else. And it can't just be a threat. It has to be you have a, you actually have like a, a action plan to do so. Right? You can't just come to me and say, Hey doc, look, You know I wanna kill myself. I'll help you process through that and hopefully talk you off the ledge. But if you say, I got a plan at 9:00 PM I'm leaving the house. I'm gonna do X, Y, and Z to my wife, then I have a a duty to report.


If I'm subpoenaed to court, I have to speak on that. Now, if I did a crime and I'm talking to you about the crime because it's eating me up, you're not supposed to tell law enforcement if I already killed somebody already did the crime already. No. Even if it's a murder Only, unless that therapist is subpoenaed or that that oh, got Medical. Oh, so the fact that he was subpoenaed, that's It. Oh, okay. When it comes to subpoena in the court and the justice system, their law oversees everything. It just does, when it comes to your confidentiality as client privilege, there's nothing that I can say outside even Can you reach out to the court and say, subpoena me, I need to be subpoenaed. I Need to, I personally would never do that just because I, I believe in following the oath of, and maybe I just love and respect my clients too much.


But if you came to me and said something, I'm just not And I know this is smaller than murder. But I've had married couples who come separately and together and the husband is just lightening it up in his individual sessions like, I'm cheating. I'm, I'm, I'm intimate with this person and that person is family members, this, this, and I'm, and I'm having to just make sure I process my counter transference because I'm sitting there like, damn And I have her in one hour. You can't say nothing. I have Her in one In One hour. God. Now, of course, if it was like my girlfriend, I'd be like, bitch, Still Come. But wouldn't take, you'll take your girlfriends though, right? It's A girlfriend. My best friend couldn't be. That's, that's a conflict.


And she could never come to me as her, as her psychology expert, any that. But I, then I'd be, I'd be You know ripping into him. Talk to me from the human perspective. 'cause you still, you still a real nigga at the end of the day. So when you hear stuff like that, when you hear the guy come in one hour and he doing X, Y, and Z, then the woman coming in the next hour, what is going through your mind about the Duke? See Charlamagne, my clients are watching this interview. My, my client's gonna be like, no, that's what you really feel. But You know in my mind, honestly, what I try to do. And, and, and, and some of my clients have followed this guidance. I have one client now, he's his, his, he's married and the wife is attempting to divorce him. And she's divorcing him because he cheated. But she doesn't have any hard facts on him.


Hmm. So I've all, I've actually been able to process with him, whether you're gonna be with this woman or not, if you wanna be with her or you wanna be able to leave and do better at, at some point, you gotta be able to be real with yourself and real with her. And you gotta be transparent. When do you plan on doing that? So he just literally this week or last week? 'cause this week he told me, doc, I sat with her. And, I told her that it's been You know a few times that I did cheat. Mm. And I said, how does she respond? He said, she said, now we can have a conversation because now you keeping it real. Mm. And when I had her in session, I said, listen, triggered. Triggered. Right? Yeah. Oh, kidding. But I told her, I said, look, you have two options. I said, either You know I can, I can, if you're willing to learn to love a dog, we can start that process because You know, or we could start the process of you leaving and starting over.


And she goes, what do you mean by a dog? She said, but he didn't. We've been together for 10 years. He's never cheated the first time. I said, no, no baby. I said, he'd been quiet for 10 years. He's, he decided to bark on your number 10. Jesus Christ. So you don't think so, you don't think that he could change in that marriage and not cheat Anymore? First of all, nobody changes, including me. We shift and that changes our life. And when I say we shift, we shift out of the things and behaviors that don't serve us after we learn they're not working. Got you. And then we have to learn to manage those. Got you. So I am very firecracker. When I was younger, I was very temperamental. I was very You know who the fuck you talking to real quick. Right. I just, because of my trauma, because of things, I just had a very protective, by all means necessary.


I'm the oldest of seven. So I was You know, I've light this place up. Is that still in me after all of my healing? Hell yeah. Do I manage it? Absolutely. Managing it just means that I'm high function. I'm able to regulate my emotions. Right. Identify my emotions. Don't get into my feelings because emotions are healthy. Feelings cause problems. Right. And, I can just say, okay, I identify that I'm angry, I'm frustrated. So now let me choose my response. Before I was low functioning, once I felt it, I was triggered. And everybody here was gonna know and it was gonna be a problem. So does that still come up? Yeah. But do I have self-talk that says we not doing that? So you don't think People can change, you just feel like they Change? We manage ourself well.


We manage ourself well. So a man who's a womanizer, he's, he is always a womanizer. It's is just how well can he discipline or manage his womanizing appetite, his womanizing actions. His womanizing desires. Can he imagine ma manage his environment? Can he be in a room full of women and not womanize and not cheat and not step out and not have infidelity issues? We like what we like. We are who we Are. So you would never date a man that cheated before because you feel like he will always be a cheater. Is that what you're saying? I think that's also circumstantial. So I do believe that different relationships bring out different things in us. I was also an extreme alpha in my first engagement. I had two engagements, caught up, two weddings.


My first relationship that I was engaged to, I was extreme alpha. So even if he tried to be alpha, I left no space. Mm. It was like, hell no. By all means necessary. 'cause I said someone you can walk, like I'm chasing my career. I know my value. I'm not fatherless. I got a daddy, he spoils me. Good day. So Even in that, do you feel like that he wasn't man enough for you? Or like, what was that? Do you think that's your fault? Do you look back and be like, ugh, I was trying to be the man, not trying to be the man, but I actually, I I gave him 'cause you just said you gave no room for him to do it. So do you regret that part Of it? I think that's a duality. I think he chose a woman who was alpha because it fed something in him that was beta.


Yeah. I chose a man who was beta because my alpha needed to be inflamed. But my second engagement, he was alpha. That's why I say circumstantial. But not only was he alpha, I was ready. I had these submissive fills in me already. So by the time we got in a relationship, I was a hybrid. By then I was alpha submissive. So I was cooking, he was daddy. I was soft. I was in my feminine. And the, the, the blessing of that is I got to experience both And. I learned that I fell more in love with myself in my softness than he probably did. Yeah. Like I was doing shit where I'm like, Ooh girl, I was turned on by me. I was like, Ooh, That's me. That's me right now.


Even in the bedroom, things that I was like, I no, I'm not. When I was in my outfit, absolutely not. I was like, can we do that thing again? That thing I don't wanna look at y'all, y'all mirror. Can we do that thing again? Like that thing I said I wanna do that. You said submit more. Submit. Yeah. You guys do that too, But also, but Right. But it also plays a role in But in the Positioning, What you wanna say, what you, what whatcha doing that Thing again? Thing is, nah, I'm not gonna f front. When you said that, I kept thinking of this story of what it was Gilly telling me the story about, nevermind now Gi the king was telling me a story about something that was in Kim Porter book. And how did he told Kim Porter do that there again? And it was getting pegged in the butt. You know.


I knew it was something good, Something something in the butt. So you, you don't feel men can, I'm not answering the butt questions. You Don't think men can change though? Like You know maturity because You know a lot of times. Yeah. I'm stuck On that too because A lot of times you stuck in, but what she not Seeing that Y can't saying I was saying because You know things. Sometimes you're immature and you don't know. Right. And you And I think you can grow out of things where you are mature, not just being a womanizer or or being insecure. Some of those things you grow out of because you learn differently. Yes. And some of the things that you follow is because of society teaches you other than what you should be doing if you, if you understand what I'm saying. So When I was a child, I thought as a child, now that I'm a man, I think is That's right. As a man. Right? Right.


That's what the Bible says. So do I think that we can mature out of things? Yes. But maturity takes work. It takes awareness and sense of self. So how many of us are really getting that? If we are in the same environments, the same relationships are, we're dating different people with the same spirit. So the same spirit's gonna activate the same things in you. You want different, there has to be a different circumstance, a different activation. I went from a beta to an alpha And. I was receptive to being with an alpha. So that's why I was able to be activated in my feminine. I wouldn't choose a beta. Now I'd want an alpha man, but I also hold space for an alpha. Man. You couldn't be with a woman who is high functioning and be a womanizer.


She ain't holding space for you. You can prey on a low functioning woman because she holds space too much space for a low functioning man who wants to prey on her. But if you were to say You know what I, I I wanna shift up my ways. You would also have to shift and choose a woman who won't tolerate that because she will hold you accountable when you're in a space that don't work for her. That's right. Does that make sense? So you can't shift, shift a bit, shift and be in the same environment, but Doesn't work on that. Let's say a man is insecure and he is insecure when he's 16, 17, 18. Right? Because he doesn't know The World or a man follows the likeness of, for instance, hip hop. Right. Because hip hop influences so much of us and a lot of us were groan from it. You know whether it was what we did, what we spoke about, carrying guns, selling drugs, being a womanized, whatever that may be.


Men can change is what you're change. I feel like, I feel like what you're saying is true, but I feel like I would say shifts lead to actual change. That's What I'm saying. I'm absolutely, I'm so right. So I'm not saying, listen, we're not Jesus. We're not turning water to wine. I've said that on the Cam Newton epi episode. And I. Stand by that. So you're not gonna change and you're not gonna switch up and tomorrow be a six five chocolate man. You Don't know what I identify as. Listen, I'm self projected because that's what I'm attracted to. But I'm back. But can you shift shifts will change you. Yes. The. World, I agree. You don't change, you shift. So what happens is that insecure boy grows up to be a man who shifts things in him and his environment changes.


And so does he feel his insecurity in flame? Way less. Absolutely. But will there be moments where your little boy arises in you because you're triggered. That's life. And when that happens, if it's once a year or once every five years, you have to have the effective tools to manage that little boy. Or he will sabotage or he will go cheat. And that's how you say he ain't cheated in 10 years, but he barked on your number 10. I Agree with that wholeheartedly. The way, the way it was word the first time I was like, I think men can change. But I get what you saying. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Totally. Yeah. People can shift and that creates a change. But we don't wake up and we're like, p were totally different. So the interview with Cam and also I saw that you sat down with Nick. How did that, how did did the, the firecracker in you be like, I need to sit down with them.


How did you get them in the room? How did you do those two interviews? Yes. Did they reach out to you or did you reach out to them? So Nick reached out to me. Okay. And said, doc, what's up? Like I wanna work through some things, but I wanna work through it on camera. Hmm. And I said, okay, no problem, but I'm gonna penetrate so we're not doing this on Camera. I'm gonna try penetrate. He's crazy. The thing that trigger you is crazy. So when trigger Him, so he Liked penetration. Nick do That little thing. You do do that little thing because he Right. It's funny because Nick always goes, doc, do you have To use that word? I'm like, yeah, I am. I'm penetrating you at the space that obviously is broken.


Yeah. And that dysfunctional and toxin. So we up he to you need to grow. Grow. See men just don't change. No. Nope. Like you, to your point, a 12-year-old girl right now, The little boy. The little boy is definitely present. Definitely present. Sorry. So when he says, all right, I need to work through some things, you're like, okay on camera. Does that then in your mind say, mm, is this for real for real? Or do you want to appeal to a certain market? You know to a certain audience. I love that You. know what I'm saying? Because You know we we're in the, in the times now where everything has to be recorded or didn't happen or You know that's just how people look or how people feel.


But what does that make it a little phony to you? So, 'cause I couldn't find a


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did. With the all new to totally reimagine kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like an intelligent all-wheel drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service a availability For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar, could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's up y'all. This is Questlove And. I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of historical records ni to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Nini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop. Mad Slam, another one gone. Ba bam, another one gone. A crack a bat. And another one gone. A tip bud. A cap is gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. Did You know? Did You know I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before? Rosa? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The World. Other than phony, but Great observation. Yeah, I didn't look at it like that because I look at it like I have a job to do and a purpose to serve. So whether we have one camera or 10, you gonna get this work. Yeah. And so they may have done it and I'm not saying they did. They may have done it from an entertainment perspective, but as we see more than entertainment came out of it. Yeah. Because your intention will always be what ends up being the end result for you. And so my intent was to use Nick's situation and shift a whole culture of black men. Same with Cam. And it happened, there were a lot of naysayers, but a lot of black men were actually in there creating the viralness and saying, listen, doc is right.


We need to create more husbands and less baby daddies. Black men were like, I'm 26, I got three kids by three different women and she's right. This ain't it man. Yeah. We gotta do different. That was my intent. And it. And my intent is what manifested So, and and Nick as well, cam was resistant, but Cam had to answer a lot of questions in his household. Cam had a lot of stuff. He had a lot of different conversations he had to have with that woman. Whether she wants to come out on social media and wear the mask she's been wearing that mask is is off at home. Yeah. Cam had to answer questions that created a lot of conflict. Conflict is needed for resolve and for shift and change. And so yeah. Entertainment or not, I wanted to make sure that what happened happened. That the conversation is now being had everywhere.


That it is time for our community to do things differently. And if you have already created broken houses and homes, you're not doomed. But you need to stop. It's a time to stop. Like we're not here to create broken houses. And now yourself, you're projecting your daddy issues and mommy issues as a man onto an entire generation. Yeah. That has to now grow up to figure out what the hell is the root of their issue and how do they not sabotage and how do they do this thing differently. Yeah. You know, I saw Cam say, cam said that You know it affected his relationship with his first two baby moms. Yep. And and his current situation. Yeah. So do you feel any remorse for that or No? Yeah, because I'm here to interrupt that pattern. No. Like the shit should have been interrupted a long time ago. A long time ago. Yeah. You know Cam and you come from, and not that this breeds You know good decision making people, but Cam comes from, he's a pastor's child.


He comes from two parents that are still married and they're still very, they're pastors very much involved with the church. That goes to show you, like the Bible said, it was good for me that I was afflicted because, because you got people who come from brokenness. This is why I said these kids are not doomed who make different decisions because it's not about where a lot of times it's not where you go and they get you where you, where you going. It's where you trying to get the hell away from. Right. Yeah. And a lot of times parents. Yeah. Like I, I was telling Ray J this Ray J's my client as well. Jesus. And leave my boy. Yeah. I was telling Ray, I said, Ray, I love your parents and but they showed you everything to do. Right. They didn't show you what not to do.


And see for me, I had a a a circumcised environment that showed me everything not to do. Right. So sometimes knowing what not to do saves you from doing the wrong shit. Mm. It's not about having a perfect household. It's about having a blended balanced household that says, listen, this is what you can do. It'll get you. This is what you, you shouldn't do. And when you come from a lot of pastor kids and these, these folks who coming from these really perfect households or perfect marriages that have a lot of infidelity, a lot of brokenness in them, these folks, these kids learn how to master their life as well. And they learn how to overcompensate for what they're missing in broken houses in womanizing or man magnetizing ways.


And that becomes an issue. And then they just becomes a, a dysfunctional pattern where they keep creating this, they get comfortable and dysfunction and say, I'm thriving here. No you're not. You've learned to survive and you're teaching everybody else who you are You know, creating or procreating how to survive You know those Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. I was just gonna ask how do you deal with your other clients if you have Ray J. Yeah. Who do you talk to after you talk to Ray? Which, which one? Do you have a therapist? I hope you have. I do. Oh yeah, I have that. I have wise counsel. Yeah. I, yeah. Yeah. I have a nice group. A nice really healthy ecosystem. Okay. Of people who are in You know counselors and coaches and who are not they do I use them? Does This like, so like with the camp situation is in there like a follow up conversation with him or like he wants to work through more stuff now off camera.


'cause like it, I'm sure it triggered a lot for him as well too when those additional conversations had to happen. Or did he block your number? Or like, is he You know what I mean? What happens after that? We see it in real. We see it on, on the internet and it goes crazy. Yeah. The baby mom's a girlfriend. All the fallout. There's been recent fallout too with him talking about her jazz not being the only woman that he slept within a relationship. And so there's things coming out now. Does he hit you up and say, Hey, I wanna do some more work. I wanna have a conversation or he's like, nah, He's, he hasn't hit me up to say yes, but he is definitely not like, nah. Okay. But I who I would love to have a conversation with, whether it can, whether it's on camera or not, not just to more support her in whatever she's doing right now or feeling or going through is jazz.


Yeah. I would love to have a conversation with jazz, even if it's a private session. I think that she needs tools on how to be in this relationship if she's gonna stay and if she chooses to leave, she needs tools on how to also pivot that. Mm. And it's not about having a conversation with her or having a session with her to get her to change her mind. It's about getting her to feel supported and showing compassion. And then that's, and trying to figure out where she wants to navigate from here. And see that's the thing because don don't know if you saw months ago, or this may have been before she was pregnant, I think I saw this. She's happy with or or You know with everything that's going on, You know how she's okay with that. So if she understands and she's willing and she's like, okay, I'm all in.


I'm abiding by every rule that you have, then what the hell you going talk to her about You? know what I'm saying? Like how can, 'cause even as a woman watching that, right. I didn't know who she was with yet until it came out. And then I was like, oh damn. Oh right. So that's how you feel about him. And that's my man and that's my girl, but I'm just like damn how strong the strongest back that I've ever, I I give my head off to her Yeah. For dealing with that whole dynamic. But what can you say to her that'll change? Think it's helping how She is With this? I think it's helping her come to to herself and And.


I. I think that, I think that jazz got herself into something that one she didn't understand that she was getting herself into And, I think she would love to backpedal if she could. But where do you go from here? You have a child, A lot of women, especially black women, stay because they don't want to be a product of a of a broken house. Yeah. And they don't wanna be a single mom who wants to be a statistic who wants to be that. Right. And so for her, I understand why she would wanna stay to make it work, but I also would understand why she wants to leave to do it. Right. Yeah. And it's not because he has kids, it's because this man is not honoring you. Yeah. He's disrespecting you.


And he's not only doing it privately, he's doing it publicly. He's not even allowing it to be pillow talk You know. So it's like, and and that's what I mean by the epitome of a high valued man in the most low functioning functionality you can have. Like you have no respect at all for this woman who you not only have a child with, but you are in a relationship with. You're waiting for God to give you more kids. You have a woman at home. You're sleeping with other women publicly on your platform for this woman to feel how all you're doing is self projecting your brokenness and your pain on this woman in all of these eight kids and these three other women, you are procreating broken houses.


And let me go further. He also has a broken home with her because a broken house and a broken home are two different things. Explain what's the difference. So you have both, A broken house is just a single family home. It could be one mama, one daddy, or for people who have partners. It could be one partner in the house. That means just there's one person. A broken home is you got a two party household. The home is so impaired it can't even function at a level of healthiness. Cam has both and he knows that and he's trying to figure out how he front backside pedals. But this is the deal. You know And I said this to him jokingly. And I wasn't pun intended, but it was like I told him, I said, I'm, I said Cam, before we did even I said, cam, you about to throw pics this entire interview just like you did when you was playing.


I said, you took him to the Super Bowl but you couldn't get the ring. And he just looked and he said, no. But to backtrack real quick, cam reached out to me because I Wouldn't pay you if you told me that before the interview. Yeah, That's brutal. I saying I, I was like, I'm leaving. I'm like, why are you But but but did I but did I, did I catch the picks or not? From what I saw? Yeah. Yeah. He caught the pick. Definitely. Right. And so, but my point is, cam reached out to me because ego, he seen me and Nick Canon's interview and he said, Nick was too soft do my interview. It is not, it's not gonna be that same smoke. And so I said, sign me up when I'll fly out tomorrow. He said, oh okay. Like that. I said, a hundred percent I'm ready. And so when it happened, I think Cam's edge was to throw me off.


Yeah. And to see if he can challenge you. Challenge me and more dominate the conversation. My intent was to bring healing and awareness and he got that. Do you ever tell women to leave when you're dealing, when you're talking to women or men, do you ever tell 'em to leave? 'cause I know a lot of times therapists won't tell somebody to leave. And if somebody is still in a relationship, whether it's domestic violence, whether it's a womanized or whether it's something that's negative, do you feel like if a woman stays, she's weak? I don't think she's weak. I think she has a lot of underlining issues that need to be processed. And, I think she doesn't have awareness of what those are and what that relationship is feeding are the underlining issues.


And she's staying because she needs those to be fed. And if she leaves what's fed? If she doesn't have any awareness of her healthiness, see what we know is what feeds us. We all set up feeding stations and we go and feed on things that we have awareness of, which is a lot of times our trauma or dysfunction or our survival mechanism. And so I never tell 'em to leave. But I do help them either say, this is what the work is gonna take to stay and this is what it looks like for you to leave. What do you wanna do? So You don't feel like if a man stays or a woman stays, they are weak. Whether it's whatever their relationship, you don't feel that way. You feel like people can get through certain things.


Whether it's domestic violence, whether it's abuse, whether it's cheating, whether it's, whatever it may be. I think that people can get through it if they're willing to reinvent. So marriage isn't something that always has, has to be dissolved. Sometimes they can be recreated and reinvented if two people are open to that. And. I say that because You know I'm not married yet. I look forward to being married and being a mother, but I'm not divorcing my husband. And so it very well could be where You know shoot the social media. Hopefully not goes off on doc one day and says, Hey, what you was preaching, what's up? What you doing now? Hopefully not. But I'm saying that I'm not leaving my husband. That's Right. What do you say? What do you say to people that say You know? How do you give advice on marriages or marriage couples when you, when you're not married, that was, what do you say to those people?


I love that I say that. I don't wanna hear you've been together 15 years with miserable. 13. Hmm. I'd rather take advice from a single woman or man who's happy, thriving, successful meaning in their joy. Not just in their monetary value than someone who is miserable in the marriage with a side dude and a side chick. And you wanna gimme the advice that you give yourself that you use in your failed marriage. A pass. And it's gonna be bitter. A pass. A pass. And what happens is married people like to shun on single folks. The Bible also says single people are happy people. Mm. Charlie You know that. Look that up. It says marriage. Lauren, please discipline. No, it says marriage. Take discipline. And. I. Listen. Because a lot of times they say that you reach out to older couples that's been married longer because for a long time they'll tell you how to deal with the marriage than people You know.


Like some people say, don't what she just said. Don't hang out with your single friends. You talk to married couples that's been in the, in that situation longer. No. And You know why that's true. Because folks who been married 10, 50, 20 years, they've been through the trenches. Yeah. So they're not gonna teach you how to be happy. We got that single sis. We got that. I've had that all my life. They're gonna teach you how to through it. Get through the, the times when you ain't happy y'all married You know that. Let's not play this game. You marriage You know that you got of course Mar I think marriage is beautiful. It's pop, it's it's, it's where everybody wants to land. Why would you not want a partnership in a companion? Your go-to, but that shit comes with work. The Bible says marriage is for discipline. People discipline. I'm single. don don't have to be disciplined even though I am don.


Don't have to be in that space. You Think people get married too early? I think people choose the wrong people. I think people choose their fairy to ideology. They're not choosing the person. See, people are choosing marriage and not a husband. They're choosing marriage and not a wife. And so when you're choosing marriage, you get the title, you get the looks of it, but you're not getting a person. So you're a beautiful house who's homeless. They Like the idea of Idea. The idea. And those are people who are fatherless, sometimes motherless who just need something to be a part of. I just need this companionship. I want the title. I don't feel valued. I don't feel validated. So because we're married, I got somebody who's checking for me. I got somebody who can gimme through the day.


But you gotta be able to check. Even in marriage, I was engaged for 10 years. You know because I kept calling it off. Calling it off. And he was like, you keep getting these degrees, you keep saying wait for the next degree. We get married. Mm. And by time I went and got my doctorate, he's like, baby, you done got four degrees. I ain't waiting no more. Yeah. Engaged for 10 years. I kept putting it off. 'cause I knew that that wasn't my person. I was gonna say I You said you knew he after And, I, And, I end up leaving. I ended up leaving him. You know. Unfortunate for him. Great guy. So you Strung him along for 10 Years. 10 years. And she said he was a Great guy. Great guy. He was a great guy. He just wasn't my guy. Right. And so For 10 years he thought he was the guy. So you strung him along for 10 years. Why you ain't let him go be great with somebody else that would appreciate him and love him? Y'all know I about to jump on me. Shane ain't want her.


His feeling. Cindy Say that. I love that question. I love the question. So I'm not saying for 10 years I knew he wasn't the one. When we got about year number five or six, And, I seen that his work ethic and his ability to provide at the level that I wanted our family to, to be at, I knew that he wasn't mine. My guy. And when I say provide, I'm not talking about like he was making six figures. And I was like, no, make millions. I'm saying his thing was, baby I'm cool with me, you a dog in in a one bedroom apartment and just no work ethic at all. So for the first six years I thought, well I'm out here getting it. I have a legal company. You know I own property. I'm only 22. I'm getting all these college degrees.


How can he not be inspired by me? See that's that age appropriate young woman. He got potential. Let me stay. That's why people should take they time. But when I seen number seven and eight, this guy was the same guy who was You know I hate talking 'cause he's such a good guy. I always protect him when I talk about him. But where he was lazy and he had no work ethic. I had a pivot. I had a pivot. And I had and didn't Have the work ethic that you wanted. 'cause he worked right. But he just didn't He calm, he was comfortable A rapper. He were different rapper. At some point he just decided to not work at all. Oh, he ran. Oh, he worked at all. Okay. No, he wasn't a rapper. Oh kidding. Stop. He not just say he had a mix tape. He started off in pharmaceutical sales. A very educated young man went to BYUD one college did his thing very much like the boy next door mixed kid.


And we were You know. And so it was all really good. Came from a really amazing family. Parents still married. I think they own like 45 years. You just wanted more. I wanted more. And if he would've said we can have more and grow, I would've rolled with him. But when he said, I don't want anymore and I'm cool with this, it goes to your question, then I had to choose what I was choosing. I was choosing a man. I wasn't choosing marriage. I didn't grow up the little girl that wanted marriage in this white picket fence. I wanted just to be honest, I wanted money and power to change a trajectory of a community. I wanted a platform to be able to shift people so they have a better life so they can take their pain like I did and find some pieces out of it and make peace from their broken pieces.


So I never grew up thinking I just And. I also had a father. I had a daddy who doted on me. I'm a product of a street dude. And if anyone knows a street dude, the way they love they daughters when they're involved, you are God, you, you're God is to them, you're a princess. I mean, I didn't have man problems like that. And so I didn't, wasn't looking for a man outside to come validate me. So when I get in relationships till to this day, I'm still choosing the man. Did he Acquire more in the future? No, he's still in the same place. So I made the right decision. What Was the conversation that last conversation y'all had when you decided to leave him? And how did he react? You can have The dog. That's what you said. Oh my God. Keep the dog. Because you don't keep the dog. No, he he was in tears.


And. I was in tears. Yeah. We were sitting there crying. He, and he said, he said, I knew it. I was a buffer for you. He said, I was a buffer for you. He said, I, I, I just knew it. And. I. He said, you're with me because you're too insecure to be with who you really wanna be with the type of guy, not a particular guy, but the type of guy. Was He right? Was he right? A hundred percent right. I said, you're right. You're right. And as years went on, that was some of the best advice that I was able to acquire because I was able to work on myself. And he was right. Because the type of man that I now date with, that alphas with that leadership, the space that he needs so he can even be with me, right. Is a different type of space. A different type of woman. So I had a shift, not change shifts a lot of things in me that had to do with insecurity because my mom being in her addiction, creating abandonment in me, I had attachment anxiety.


And so when you're You know, in order to have a man who's doing well, who's successful, and he's, he's in his alpha, the healthy alpha, that man is moving and grooving. He's doing certain things. He don't have time for a woman with no damn attachment, anxiety, meaning when he's making moves to better this household, when he's making moves to better this family, I gotta be able to be solid and vertical in myself and who I am and hold the house down. Mm. I can't be insecure when he's traveling or doing things or where not, he's not right up under me. Yeah. I had to work through that attachment. Anxiety. I, I, I, oh, I got a couple questions, right? Like one, one. I wanna know what is your definition of a High? Value, man, that's number one. And then two, what you said about attachment anxiety. Is it okay for the woman to feel insecure if she knows this man ain't really out here doing Oh, a hundred percent business.


He out here Really? That's called discernment. Okay. All right. Call him out on that. And And I mean transparency. What's up? I'm feeling some type of way. What's going on? What are you doing? I'm feeling this way, And, I. Just think two respectful people who are choosing each other and not just the relationship are gonna have those conversations. And that's what those older couples who've been married 20, 30 years is teaching you how you have those conversations. And baby, when your man tell you he out here turning corners, he not really turning bills. How do you stick through that? How do you stay without losing your dignity? How do you still be to submit to this man cooking and cleaning and having sex, making love to this man without being disgusted at the fact that he's either stepped out emotionally, physically, or mentally? How do you keep that, how do you keep going?


I was gonna ask, that was gonna be my question too. That's what the older folks tell. They don't tell you how to be happy and be they telling you how to roll through and stick through some shit. That's what they teaching you. Well, my grandfather was like, leave that bitch. You wanna tell my that? Yeah. He, because he, that's how me, like, back in the day that they, and he, he was still with You know my grandmother, but he just still was just like, man, like leave that bitch now because I would've left this bitch back in the day. But then It wouldn't have me And, I've been grandpa 'cause I've been leaving. But now, now I say I'm in my choosing stage. And. I'm really looking forward to staying. But it will be my first time utilizing a lot of my new tools. Not new meaning a year ago. But you, you new. 'cause I've been single six years of this attachment anxiety I've had to work through of what that looks like.


So there's gonna be things in me that are new that inflame and trigger that I'm gonna have to have a hell of a man who's mature enough, emotionally intelligent enough to sit through certain conversations with me that are gonna be transparent. Yeah. So, So what is a High Value man? Because I heard you referenced Cam as a High Value man with a low value, I guess just a low vibration, low function. Low function low, very low functioning. So what is your definition of High Value? Because to me it just sounds like High Value to you is like superficial stuff. High Value just means that you are, yeah, it's pretty much like you're, you're making a lot of money. You have a lot of tangible things. Your High Value, your value is High. Value is high in your monetary value. Your value is high, meaning You know you got a man who's making a hundred million dollars, then he's High Value in women who are superficial, but I'm not knocking y'all sis Okay.


Are very attracted to that. But again, are they choosing the man or are they choosing the value? The value? Well, some people are so poor, all they got is money And So, so You know what I mean? And, and, and that goes to where this is gonna be a very, very unpopular opinion or very popular, but it's gonna cause a lot of controversy. I always say, if you realize the most prettiest, beautiful woman, many of them men have put a baby in them but ain't made a wife out of them. And, I go to the High. Value men have put babies in them, but ain't made a wife out of them because those women are choosing the value in them. And those men are choosing the low functionality in her. So that's a match made in heaven for them.


Even though it, the fairytale ends at some point and everybody goes back to the drawing board and comes into my session and says, 'cause I, I can't now these I can't name. I have some very, very aless celebrity women who come in and say, I'm beautiful, I'm successful. I can have any man I want. I'm lonely as hell. And. I'm afraid that I'm gonna die alone. Yeah, but you have a child, you've been married to this a I'm not afraid, a-list big NBA player. And the relationship is now over and you feel like you gonna be alone because you never learn to cho choose anything of substance. So you will hollow the whole time. So you are not afraid of being alone physically. You're afraid of being alone emotionally. 'cause you've been alone this whole time.


So you don't even have a relationship with yourself anyway. So who you really don't wanna be with is you. So why should we call Those? 'cause being alone is about being with you. Damn. So Why should we call those brothers High Value then? Because value, based on how I define it, is just money network. Like I'm a high valued woman, right? I have a, I have a multimillion dollar home. I I come from the hood. I want from the hood to the hills. But I, I've accumulated a lot of value, right? I drive luxury cars. I have a certain lifestyle, but I would be low functioning if I preyed on men that I know I can use. Mm. If I prayed on men that I know I can say eat, sleep, and poop me and shut up while I go run amuck. Be in your beta. 'cause I said, so that's low functioning of me. High, Value and high functioning would be, now I want a man who can stand on.


He got, he's vertical because every human being is a hybrid. We're all high functioning and low functioning. So there's gonna be moments where I get in my low functioning and if I get in my low functioning And, I, start to say things that are emasculating to you. I don't want a low functioning man. I want you to say, baby, I don't talk to you like that And I don't like when you talk to me like that, I'm not gonna leave you. But we gotta work on this because I'm not so nothing ass nigga. So what if you got You know And, I love you, And I respect you. So let's work through this. What if you got a High Value, man, he got all the money. He might even be an alpha, But the dig little and he trashed in bed. Mm. So then what? That's why I, because I'm just saying because he can't because then what? Because you ain't gonna, you ain't gonna let him talk to you in old kind way.


What? Listen, Fuck. Mm. Listen, You ain't gonna let him talk to you in old kind of way. That's what I'm saying. He can be the alpha You. know you ain't let him talk to you any kind way. That mouth go crazy. Hey yo got, if I had to choose between a little pieto, okay, in my Spanish speaking language, little pieto, little penis and a family hell of a good man take, gimme the little dick and a good man. Because remember I'm choosing the man. I'm not choosing these, these ornaments and And I know. And, and I'm, this is the thing, men don't understand this. A woman just needs a big dick when she don't know how to truly love and connect with you once we love you and connect with you. We love and we, when we love, we love, especially black women.


When we love, we Love. Yeah. Yeah. We'll figure out how to work with that little thing. You got Fingers and mouth. You got Toys. Like we, when we love you, we love you. Yeah. And we figure out how to make it do what it do. You got women who are with men who got little penises and pay no bills because she love him. Now I, that's not doc approved. That's Not, that's not doc approved. But I, so for me, I don't want, I'm not manifesting God the little pizza type thing. But I'm saying You know if, if it, yeah. And this is, this is probably gonna be tmmi, but I always joke with my, with my best friend Lola and my sister And I always say, girl, I'm not the woman who needs a big old penis. Me either girl, share her. Wait a minute, Jeff. But I said, why do God always send me The mix?


The big charm? Is this something you ain't never seen? Go here. What the fuck? Familiar to you. Familiar You know You know what, right. And I gotta be inclusive. But I want, I want to, I want to ask you about some, some internet rumors that I seen You know Cory Holcomb said some, some things about you about not having your degree and, and where you started off all as a, I guess working in a strip club. Is any of that stuff you said you're not a real doctor, you said? Yeah. You're not a real doctor. No. So I have four degrees. Three are in psychology. One's in Pan-African Studies. My doctorate degree is in counseling psychology.


My master's in marriage and child therapy. All degrees are in psychology. Where this Cory Holcomb thing comes from is we did, I was on a show 10 years ago when I actually, I think it was before I even had my doctor degree. And Corey is used to being able to be very disrespectful to women and do his thing. Yeah. He was on The show with him or just He was a guest on the show. I was co-host. Okay. He was a guest and I drilled his ass. Be honest, it's on YouTube. People could You know. Look at it. And I cut into him. And I said, you seem like you, you are inferior to white men and you seem like you got daddy issues and you seem like you got mommy issues and you got kids that don't even talk to you or respect you. They don't like you.


That tells a lot about your character. Now this was 10 years ago. Okay. And obviously he's still in his feminine 'cause he's still holding a grudge over it. You know, this is like interviews are interviews. So you're saying you do 'em and you move on to the next. And so was very upset. And I, And I felt like in that, in that space he was, y'all could watch it. He was dumbfounded. Like usually he comes back with the You know FUB or he has something to say or he is You know. He got a mouth. He was really just like You know a deer with headlights. He was just like, oh my God. The, the, the, the interview per the person podcast we was on, everybody else was in there, was like, we've never seen Cory be this quiet. We've never seen anybody be able to respectfully check him in this way. After we were done with the interview, we went to take a big picture on the backsplash.


And I would walked up toward him. You know my personality. I'm very playful. I walked up and I'm like, let's take a picture. He wasn't failing the picture. Mm. 10 years later. I think he looked at it with his failed comedian career because he is been attempting his career for about 45 or so years with his failed committee career. His failed marriage And. I'm not saying this to be mean. Y'all can just research it. It's True. He's crazy. Go ahead. And his failed parenting skills with his kids. 'cause none of those people deal with him. Yeah. I think he looked at it like there, there's, I get to kill two birds with one stone, which was smart. I get to humiliate her back in some kind of way, which it didn't work. And or I get to ride on her back because she's going viral. I don't have a career. I do, he doesn't have a career. So no, you got A good comedy career. He does stand up. He just stays in in 51 50 of a big podcast.


And he does stand up Where he be at what, where he be at. Thank you. We back. Go ahead. She got a good career. But anyways, we back. So the point is, I think that he did And I and this part, I'm not knocking him for, he did what any to me career oriented business person was supposed to do. I see an opportunity, let me take it, let me create a narrative. But what happened was all it did was bring more attention, attention to damn Dr. Bryant. So all people did was research me more, which is what I wanted them to do. All people did was find out for themself. She is a real doctor. She has these degrees. She's been doing this for a long time. This woman started off from Teen Mom a family reunion, which we were the biggest show on MTV. She not only was the on-camera life coach doctor for that show, she co-produced it and developed the show.


So what happened was he brought attention to where people were able to go in and do what I want them to do, which was research more of me, get more background on me and say, Hey, let me make my own opinion about her. And again, You know as my really good friend Shaquille O'Neal says, which is one of my You know, we've become pretty much like best friends now. He's like, doc, he's like You know. He says is, I hate when he says this, but I love, he goes, doc, trust from babies. Don't give attention to the ones who have nothing. He goes, so let the good and bad attention attention. Do what it does for you. Let it do what it does. That's right. And, and, and I'm not a trust front baby, but what Shaq is saying is when you hear and they hear, all it does is magnify you.


Yeah. Right. The small dog has to stay in the small dog park. They're just not allowed in the big dog park. The big dogs can go to the small dog park and we dominate either way. Would you have a conversation with Cory now? Like would you go on 51 50 or have him on truth talks Or something? I would not only because Cory's, and I'm only talking about this on here because when I did Nick and other interviews and Dish Dish, other, other places I've interviewed with who are also You know as big as Breakfast Club. Well, who's bigger than Breakfast Club though? Y'all popping? But I also told him, I said, I'm not, I'm not gonna address him. Period. don don't wanna bring any attention to him or give him the fme that he needs because again, Charlemagne, I hear what you're saying, but he has a total failed career.


A total failed, total failed career as as a comedian. Is he funny? There's some things he says yes that are funny. Has he made it to any place past a podcast?


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero. Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's up, y'all. This is Questlove. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one gone. Ba bam, another one gone. A Crack a Bat, and another one gone. A Tip Butt. A cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And it began Me. Did You know? Did You know I wouldn't Give up a seat? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run high. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Of a group of men who agree with just a rhetoric. That's just a a a a very negative distorted narrative of black people in general, especially women. Kevin Samuels spent only two years doing what Corey does and had a a better career than Corey. Yeah, Corey been doing it for 40, 50 years. He was at improv in LA and and can't even get a job there. Hmm. So that doesn't go to his com comedic abilities. That goes to his lack of character. Nobody wanting to work with you. Yeah. You have gifts and you have professionalism. You gotta have both to make it. Cory is just a broken person, period. And I do feel like yo need help. He needs help. Cory Needs off camera. If Cory came to me and said, doc, let's do off camera sessions.


100%. 100%. If he wants to do it on camera, because it's just gonna be a rhetoric. I'm not doing that to help his career. I will help him as a man, but I'm not here to help him in his career. That's his job. I'm not here to carry a man that ain't mines or float a man that ain't mines, but to help you with your mental health or help you as a person. He's an alcoholic. He drinks a lot. You know he's, he's overcompensating in those areas. Those are places he needs help with. Did you guys see what he looked like on Cam Newton interview? I'm not talking about looks meaning attractiveness. Yeah. Do you see how unwell hygienically clean he looked. God damn. All right. Dr. Bryant. Lord have Mercy. Lemme say why. No. This ties into mental health. You know this.


She's an assassin of, I mean, the chop is staple, But does this not tie into mental health? Right. I love it. You run, you run. You ran actually an amazing organized mental health expo. Thank you. It will. Thank you. I was so honored and privileged to be there was an amazing, but I wanna say thank you that we know that keeping up your hygiene is one of the number one symptoms to depression. The number one way you're able to see that somebody's depressed or in their addiction or overcompensating in addictive behaviors is how they keep themselves up. That's how parents could look at their kids and be like, you're not bathing. Your hygiene is not up to par. What's going on? That man's hygiene was on negative 200.


What I'm saying is he needs deeper help than me coming on 51 50. Yeah. To, to bring him a bigger audience. He can still do 51 50, but he needs to be able to 51 50 himself and get the help that he needs. Lord have mercy Doc Girl. That's right. Doc Was talking, you was talking earlier about growing up in the wrong environment and you learn what not to do. And, I think that is difficult for a a a lot of parents. Right? Because like I always say, my father raised me outta fear and not love because he didn't want me to make the same mistakes that he made. Wow. Growing up in the the same environment. Yeah. Right. So what would you say to You know parents who are, who are navigating that? Like who have kids you're You know.


Y'all are in, you're in, you're they're in the same environment that you grew up in and you want them to get out of it, but you weren't even able to navigate through it yourself. Yeah. I I think that again, seeking wise counsel, I think that therapy coaching should be a lifestyle. It shouldn't be something that someone does for preventative or interven intervention measures. And. I think that parents need to just be 100 and transparent with their kids. I think they need to say, listen, they're, this is my first time doing you, raising you, knowing you. I've never, I've never known a a 15-year-old you so I don't know what to do here. You know what I mean? Let's sit down and dialogue. Can you use some of your critical thinking skills? Do you have resources at your school? Help me help you.


Let's do this. I think the transparency of it is what allows kids to be vertical in who they are. I think that handing them everything, problem solving for them and doing everything for them, especially men, it handicaps y'all. So when you have to be the head, you now have a mother who taught you how to be the neck. And then you wanna be mad at a woman who comes in and she has to be in her alpha because who the hell going to be the head to this thing? So I think it's about transparency. And, I. Think parents gotta stop having this mommy daddy guilt and stop feeling like they have to be this perfect parent. I think your kids seeing your vulnerability and your imperfections will actually aid them in ways more than them seeing your perfection. You think kids are too soft?


I think parents are too soft days and kids are too soft these days. Yeah. The the Bible says an undisciplined child's an unloved child. I think kids are feeling unloved because they're not being disciplined. So what, What what is too soft for you now? And and the reason I ask is, is like Charlemagne said, You know there were certain things. I mean my kids can't do it anyway, but there were certain things that you can do and you couldn't do. Right? And, I. I run the household the same way. Right. But if you look at these kids now, a lot of them are a lot softer, a lot weaker, cry faster. You hear depression, you hear a lot of, of triggering words that I don't even think that they know what they're saying. They just see it because they see it on TV or they heard somebody say it online. They talk. Yeah. But also people will say that the reason that these kids are like that because parents can't parent anymore.


Because if they yell at their child, if they pop a child or if they do anything that their parents did to them except abuse, they'll be You know told on to the school. And CCP s will be at their door. So listen, my grandmother whipped my ass. And I called the police while I was down nine. She put one to one and told them when they got there, I whooped her ass. If you take me to jail, I'm gonna come home And, I'm gonna beat her ass again. Dang. So whatever you gonna do, let's do it. And I would never take away her discipline. That, that's how I know she loves You know how. First of all, I'm not even a mama. I'm the oldest of seven. I got about nine nieces and nephews.


Do You know how much energy it takes? Well, y'all have kids to six discipline a child to watch them to see when they I don doing. Right or wrong? Oh, I know the love part is the, the, the time it takes to even watch to see what I'm doing to discipline me. So a lot of parents, to me this gentle parenting is just called lazy parenting. That means I'm not in the mood to parent. I got things I'm trying to do. I'm trying to figure my life out. Or I'm a single parent. I'm trying to date or I'm trying to get a sense of self so I don't even have time or energy to deal with discipline in you. I think that's more of what it's about. And no, it does not work. These kids have no guidance. They're a very lost generation. I mean, I'm gonna go there. You look at the, the, the campaign this year, You know all due respect to Sis Kamala.


She threw a concert And I like me, And I like I love Gorilla. She threw a concert with Meg and Gorilla thinking that that was going to move and influence our community to vote for her. You think that we're that low functioning, that you cannot talk politics to us and legislation to us for us to choose you based on leadership that we're gonna choose you based on who's dropping it like it's hot or who's bringing in a concert. I agree with that. I said that You know. I would've rather just had Megan up there talking about women's rights and women to reproductive right way, the way the way Cardi did. And I thought what card do fantastic And card's all but Cardi been talking politics for years. Shea just run serious about Cardi would come on the air with no wig.


Hair everywhere ain't really no. She's talking about real and be like, listen here, all this shit fucked up. And then we'll run a whole bill that she could just author and try to pull into legislation. So what I'm saying is this, this camp, this whole election showed you the level of where our kids are. And I'm like, really? But it also showed you it didn't work. It didn't work. I saw you said too that you, you comment on the fact that Kamala didn't come out that first night when she didn't win. Speak to that and speak to the comment. 'cause people were upset. Yeah. About Oh yeah. Another unpopular opinion. I don't care. This is, she proved why the people, men and women who are not ready for a woman president are not ready for a woman president.


Because society and some men not all deemed women as emotionally unstable and unable to regulate our emotions, sis when these, when you knew you weren't winning or weren't in the lead, and these kids, these babies, these adults were at a historical black university that you went to Howard waiting hours for you. They had volunteered. I'm sure they had a contributor and they probably voted for you and supported you this entire time. You couldn't come out and address the people who supported you. That's proven to the people who don't believe women could lead at that level. That a woman can't regulate her emotions enough to come out and take an LI don't care if she would've came out in tears.


Listen, I'm sorry we lost whatever that looks like. And his husband y listen, I I'll give a little pushback on that 'cause Go ahead. Donald Trump never gave a concession speech. Hillary Clinton. Nor nor would he even admit that he lost. Listen. And I'm not ins in support. I'm of Donald Trump, but Donald Trump didn't need to come out 'cause he never conceded. He also stood, stood 10 toes down and said y'all, which I'm not saying I agree with this. Y'all rigged it. I won. I'm not conceding Well, he didn't, he still got the keys to the White House. Well, he didn't come to his people either when they, when that night he never came out. And there was, when he lost to Joe Biden, he never came out that night. That's what I just said. Anyway. Yeah. No, but she said no, but she said he didn't Concede literally, But didn't come out. But he didn't come out at all to speak to his people at all.


That's what I just Said. But we're talking about Trump, who runs on being that type of person Anyway, so his people never expected that. Just like when someone says, well, Trump's a racist. He's running on that. Trump is talking about getting rid of D-U-I-D-E-I. He has said that to us. I Get what you're saying. No, I get what you're saying. But Kamala came out and showed us all this love and support after she said, I can't do just something for the black community. But when the day that I get into office, I'm gonna sign my very first bill that's called Immigrant Reform. That's doing something for a group of people. Now I'm black and Hispanic, so I ain't got a problem against immigrants. But what I'm saying is, if you can't do something for one group of people, my love, that's one group of people.


Now lemme move forward. But when you took the l let me add to that. Not only did you not come out, you sent a man to come out and address these people said degree you, he was fine too. You sent a man, is he don? Don't know if he married, but that man was handsome. You sent a man to come out and address the people. You didn't even send another woman or black woman. This was a woman's moment. And that's what you made it. Black and woman. You sent a man to do a woman's job. And in my opinion that all that did was tell the folks who said woman can't lead. See, she sent a man out to, to, to do it and then came out the next day and said, okay, I'm gonna have this.


That's not leadership. To me, leadership is, is commitment and commitment is doing what you said you would do regardless of how you feel. I don't care how you felt Kamala come out and address us. Those kids left what they had down. They weren't sad just 'cause she lost. They were sad because they were looking for who was still their leader. Whether she lost or not, to come out and address those kids. That's wrong. That's just outta pocket. That's not leadership. And you gotta have a backbone. So, I mean either I still supported her. I voted for her, but I didn't see the leadership in her from the beginning. But I was rooting for her. I wanted sis to show difference. Yeah. But when she didn't show up for that, I said, but this is it.


That's it. You know, maybe I'll run in four years and and I'll run black and woman and I'll run all these ways that I'm You know very lovingly criticizing Kamala for her. And, and, and maybe when I win You know, y'all will say, well of course you came out Doc, because you won. He he is married too. I looked it up for you sis. Sorry. What's, did You know Nipsey Personally? Yeah. I mean, yeah. Okay. Yeah, we grew up in la All right. Gotcha. Everyone, everyone in la And that's how You know in LA we know each other. Yeah. Especially in the eighties when we're all eighties kids. I was gonna ask, when's the last time you apologized? So last time you were wrong about something? Do you remember? Mm. Good question. Nip It. Prob no, it Probably was 1984.


You know it. No, it probably was to, to my best friend Lola and my assistant. We, we work so closely together. We're always together. And because I'm so comfortable with her, she gets all of my moving parts right. So she gets like the really good me. She gets like the bratty me. She gets the, what the fuck are you doing? You're moving too slow. Me You know. She gets the thank you me. And then she gets to like, You know, I'm sorry. You're right. Yeah. That was a little brash or You know. So probably her to be honest with you. What About this to a man that, that you're dating? How when, when, Hey, never get an apology. I asked you that though because you, you, you are very strong in opinion and stuff like that. And, I think men think that women that are structured like you don't know how to be accountable and don't know how to apologize.


I'm very accountable. I do apologize. And that's why I said I want a man who will say with respect. I mean he ain't about to just dominate, like shut your ass. Uptight You know. He can be disrespectful, but I want a man who's like, hold on you outta pocket right now. You know we don't do that. Yeah. This is not what we do. And I like, you strong, but this is not strong. This is disrespectful baby. But I want him to, to be able to know how to say it. And then I will be like, You know. Even if it's not in that moment, I can process and be like, You, know what? You're right. And, I do. I will apologize. I will come to myself because I have the discipline of that self-talk of saying Stop You know. Or I will say, listen, you've already apologized. You've done everything you could right now.


It's not a you problem. I'm still trying to get out of my ego. So just give me 30 minutes because baby, you've apologized like you've done your job. And then I come around in 20, 30 minutes and I'm like, okay, I'm back. And. I'm sorry too. That's Awareness. That's accountability. I'm sorry too. And. I. And the thing is, when you really want peace, and that's the thing about being single for so long though. You, you I can, yes, you find a, you figure it out when you Find a peace and a joy that when you do get in a relationship, Gotta make it would make sense. And When you do get in a relationship though, you are really saying, let's deaden this. Let's deaden this argument. Because see, I'm so used to being happy 'cause it's just me that I just wanna get to the cuddle part again. I just wanna get to the happy part again. Yeah. So what do we need to do just to be good and people who are so used to being in relationships with this circle dysfunction of argument, they leave that marriage and do the same thing that's real.


Have you ever got afraid that you're gonna get so used to that piece that you're not gonna wanna do nothing? Because I tell myself that all the time. Like I'm in such a good state, I don't want nothing to bother me. But people come with flaws. Shut up Charlamagne. He's a hater. Well, he's A hater. Well, no, because I have been, I have been serial, serial dating for the six years I've been single. So when I say single, it means I haven't been committed. Like committed. Yeah. But have I had like three months, six months relationships that went that long season and we're exclusive and we're committed in that season. Yeah. Because I, I am very into exclusivity. I, I don't like casual sex. And so I will accidentally go a year, year and a half celibate because I don't like the casualty of sex. Do You know what I mean? So, yeah. No. So I'm dating like, I mean like I have someone that I spend time with now that I will go on dates with.


We're not committed. So I'm still single. Right. But I'm a woman who I, I'm, I'm going, I'm gonna have a companion around. I love companionship, And, I love a man's energy. That testosterone, that alpha energy is recharging for me. And it's not something that I would just say like, oh, I could do without. No, I want it. I love it. And so I keep around what I want and when I decide to, I would choose that one person to be around for the long term. Well, when does that decision happen for you then? Now I'm in my, I'm in my choosing stage. So It's gonna happen Now. Like soon I'm in my choosing stage. But, but I'm not, I'm not desperate. So it's not like I'm, again, I'm not choosing just a high valued man. I would even take a man who's a little less value, meaning a little less income money.


But I just love this man. He's my person. So You would take the bus driver? I don't, well only know because he's, he's away from me for too long. Yeah. And he's coming home with money that's not worth the value of the time. I'm not getting with you. What If he's a good man? I guess that's why I'm confused about what the High Value man thing. 'cause I'm like, I understand he got the bank, but what if he's just got a poor spirit? What if he got poor character? What if he's not willing to do the work on himself? Like That's why I'll take little less value in higher functioning. Like I don't want High Value low functioning. I'll take a little less value. Right. Because I do well on my own. Okay. Am I gonna take care of a man? No. Am I gonna spoil the hell out of him? Hell yeah, but I'm not gonna take care of you. Right. But will I go, will I take you on a trip?


'cause you mind. Yeah. Would I buy you a brand new car when you come home and this is the Lambo you wanted? Hell yeah. Oh, but are you going to be a man who is, is not submitting to me either, or can't be in your alpha or you ain't paying no bills or you're not respecting me. You're not coming to support my shows. You're not on my speaking tour? No, I'm not doing it with a man who's not doing those things. But do, do I need you to just take full care of me and then I still got my hand out? No, I'm submitting to you. You'll have in-house Love. And I'm not gonna deny that. Whatever I gotta do, I got you. I did that in relationships. And that's why the men I've been with are the men I've dated also have always wanted to marry me because I'm a good woman. Right. I treat them good. I'm loving. But also because I'm not choosing a man just for their value.


I want you to have money. I wanna go to ese. I want a trip. I want you to buy me a Birkin. Not because I want a Birkin. It's because I want it from you. Right. And so the Birkin or the Louisie or whatever the hell coming from you is what I place value in. And that's what makes me love the bag. That's what makes me love the iPhone. 'cause you bought the iPhone for me, right? Yeah. Right. So yeah. Yeah. I mean he can, yeah. So I would And I would regular, have a rather have a regular man who isn't in the limelight, who we both don't have to straddle this, this whole industry thing. And he can go run a business or go be a corporate guy. He can come to my shows and we can go home and have intellectual pillow talk. I can go home and put my hair in a, in a bird's nest and walk around with sweats and a tank top and no brawl You know what a bird's nest is.


No. Oh, I definitely know what it, he's, he just always, he Uhuh floor do too. You know what? So you got the, the show Truth Talks. I do Truth talks. Yes. Yes, yes. And talk to us about that before we get outta here. Talk to Oh, got Truth Talks. It is my new talk show. It's on Fox. It's Monday through Friday at eight. PM Eastern. Why? Congratulations. Somebody give you a talk show. You good at talking or something? You No, not At, Not at All's funny. Sometimes the producers are like, doc You know, give the other cohosts time to talk. I'm like, really? I'm like, I gotta do that. Yeah. But it's cool because we're pretty much, we're, we're a global news. We're a CNN that gives you the black voice, the black perspective, and we're bringing truth to everything news with culture twist to it.


So we're, we're at every night, 8:00 PM Brian time. Love that. Congratulations. How follow you Dr. Cheyenne. Follow me on underscore Dr. Bryan on Instagram social media. Or you can go to dr bryan.co and that's dr bryant.co not.com. And then I'm on my speaking tour. So every weekend I am on the tour with tonight's conversation, but I'm also on my own speaking tour. So every weekend go to my, my website on my social media. You see that I'm with tonight's conversation for the rest of this year, but I also have my own speaking tour in Chicago. We got Atlanta, we got la, we got London, we got Canada, we have Iowa. I'm like, I'm like, y'all like black people in Iowa. Iowa, Right. That's how I be when I be on my comedy. So like, who is in Wisconsin? Even, even if There's two people in Iowa who are black whose livestock can shift or change.


I'm the doc is on her way. Do it. The doc is on her way. We gonna do it? Yeah. As Dr. Shot and Brian, we appreciate you for joining us. Thank Brian, thoroughly stranger. I am. Thank y'all for having us. But no Charlamagne, seriously, thank you for being such an advocate with this whole mental health. It's not an event. You, you have a mental health movement going on. Thank you. When I came there, people, I mean to see black people, black men with like mental health for black people, black men for mental health, mental health is life change. They had like merch with everything. Mental health, black. And even though it's for all races and all ages, your panelists there were just giving incredible information. People were sitting there, intrigued, entertained. But more than that, people were leaving with gyms that they were really like, yo, this event is powerful.


Thank you. I'm glad we could have You there. Amazing. So thank you for having that. Good, good Stuff. No, I, I needed you there. Like when we, you were like top of the list, I'm like, Dr. Bryan got to be there. Thank you. I'm happy that we can make that happen. Thank happy. Thank you So much. Thank y for having me. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Thank you. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast. Club


De Cara. Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks Everywhere unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica, Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It, What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton And Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World, We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman was champion of The World. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie. But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all The biggest slack artists on the Planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.