
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent conditions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or along on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a Rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible planning. Device covers not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


At public.com You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously when you say breakfast you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details. Ba Wake that ass up in the morning.


The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got some special guests in the building. Alright guys from the 85 South Show we got Chico Bean and Carlos Miller in the building. Morning Everybody. It's Carlos Miller, Chico, Bean. How You guys doing? How your brothers doing? How y'all Feeling? Good man. How you feeling this morning? DJ Envy. I'm good. That's good man. Like they about to Line you up. Nah. Starting stuff already man. I just wanted check on my brother, make sure he good man. Crazy point. I see him in Vegas, right? He pops outta Vegas and I'm sitting at DJ and I'm like oh man I know he gonna light me up. So I had tried to sneak out. He ain't like me up. Thank God though. Nah, You remember Your little name nowadays though? God damn right.


You Better my tripping. Did he get a little darker? Yeah, that's what I was, that's why I asked was he okay man. You know he got a little got got just in the face though. He must been wearing turtlenecks in Turks. Well you guys are gonna be in Newark this week in the Prudential Center. Most Definitely. Yeah. Big business comedy tour. Yes Sir. Yes sir. What can they expect from an 85 South show tour? Mike? Big laughs. Big performances, everything Big man. Now. Now do y'all do a separate sets or is this the all, does this the show that y'all do collectively You know what? All these years we been coming up here for you to still have to ask that question. Let us know that you do not support in the same way we need you to. You've been to a show, somebody do it different.


I'm gonna come in this weekend. Somebody told me y'all do it different though. Somebody told me sometimes y'all do standup and sometimes y'all do it collectively. We ain't did standup in like what about six? About six years. Dang. Now Even in three Head Monster. So they did. I mean we tried To do it but the people crave all three of us at once. Yeah, pause. Yeah they do. They want to take it all in. But didn't y'all just come off tour? Yeah, that's what we do. Headed Monster Tour. Yeah. Yeah. It's literally our job. Exactly. And soon as we come off this one we crave get another one started. That's Right. That's right. You saying you saw Jess naked in the Tubie movie Carlos, I see that. That was behind the scenes. She said I but I wanna hear No, she was making sweet Love to a Caucasian man On the on the I got that Was actually a Caucasian woman On the on the sausage.


Damn. What my Tubie subscription is. I what? And. I telling There's nothing I be, I'll be just watching random shows and then she just pop out. I'm like look at Jess. I'm like this must be the scene where she got pregnant in No, No woman. No woman could get me pregnant. That was actually a stud. That was a a white stud. I was gay Minute. Show you how much Carlos said it was man. Got scene with a white stud. Yes. Hey man, I need to call my management. I don't understand how I missed that. That right there. Are y'all not paying attention? Y'all not see this shit. I saw, I got a story to tell when she cut the white woman head off. That was great. But I was very much giving in that scene though.


So did you cut the white stud head off after y'all had sex? No. I didn't know. Oh wasn't It was two different movies. You got more than one man this is ridiculous. That was different. That's a different series. Both of 'em are series one is, I got a story to tell. My episode is episode five and then on 10 series, that's me Colin Powell. It is a bunch of other people in it Too. Oh I'm watching that this weekend. And she was naked. She Said she in a movie with Colin Powell but Naked. See Time Out You in a movie with Colin Powell? Yeah. Yeah. I gotta see that Now. Timeout. I don't think she said that right. Do you Colin Powell. Colin Powell. We know she said Colin Powell. Do You know who Colin Powell Is? Yes. Man, ain't that now.


Yeah, exactly. That doesn't know you was not in a movie with Colin Powell. When did y'all shoot that? It is a series we shot it over the pandemic and that might be his name. Lemme Google Powell. Lemme Google Powell and watch what come up. I know which one gonna come up. But it might be an actor named Colin Powell too, ain't it? I thought it was Clifton Powell. Thats who she talking about. That's who she talk about. She said she was in a movie with Colin Powell. Well who? Listen man Generalist Cole Powell. What need A surgeon General or Attorney General Or something Clifton. Yeah, my That's Why I said Pinky my bad. Now what's the difference? What's the difference between the big business to and the three headed monster to Hey man, the big business tour is the one that let You know that hey we ain't just figuring it out no more.


This is, we really in our stride, we really know exactly what we doing. We take like we got, we got sets, we taking the whole presentation to another level. We added the screens, different sounds, different, all everything bro. So we bringing even more elements to the 85 South show pretty much. Yeah. And it's, it's doing it bigger. It is just showing a You know, like he said, the elevation of what it is that we do because You know we are the first to do it in that capacity as far as You know, black entertainment, especially You. know what I mean? We were the first to really get on stage together and show what that dynamic looked like. So now it's to a point where we are developing it to where You know you setting up an example for You know this to be a valuable option in entertainment for especially black comedians to be able to share that spotlight and be able to get the money together.


So it's, it is definitely big business. It's like the evolution of the kings of comedy. Absolutely. For sure. You know like they like we they used to do individual but imagine if they came out there and collect. Yeah, that was a whole nother movie. It's a whole nother movie You know what I mean? We coulda got Colin Powell in that. Yo wow. I got a random question. As a fan of 85 South Shore, right when y'all got guests on, do you consider those interviews or do y'all just feel like it's a kickback or just conversations? Is that a tough question? I was just, wait. Nah man, it's kind of just like having a, a guest co-host. We don't really do too many interview type type situations. I mean You know, of course we like to bring people on that we fans of You know, but we don't really just sit there and try to keep up with the topics of the week or the drama or nothing like that.


We just like You know have some nice company around Kick so they could kick it with us. But they open up on that couch though. They get comfortable. Couch Is magical. Yeah, that's that's the point. That's the point. You know giving people an environment that is different than what they used to. You know artists are constantly doing interviews that You know. They send they pi team in with questions you can ask and things you can't say You know what I mean? We don't really have that type of dynamic so people get to come in and really You know and we ask a different line of questioning too. 'cause we are interested in different things when we sit down with these people, You know. 'cause a lot of 'em we are fans of. So we are not asking questions based on the perspective of a You know an interview or we really coming from a fan perspective, just with a structured You know way that we talk to people.


So I think that it allow, allows people to feel more comfortable when they having a conversation with somebody that they feel like You know you sitting on the porch or you at the barber shop with You. know What I mean? And you can tell these fans of y'all because they gotta drive all the way to y'all studio. That's about two hours outside of Atlanta. Don't. No it's not. Why here lying. Why you trying man, we got here man. An hour. We just not an hour. How long? Everywhere is an hour away in Atlanta. What you mean Atlanta? Yes, with the track. Everybody say 30 minutes but it's at least 45 come. Everyone is an hour away. All I'm saying is they gotta really, they fuck with y'all that to come Out there. I tell you. Who don't you nigga. You ain't never been. I've been There. Yes I have. You ain't never sat down with us though. You just sat down and did an interview. You Ain't never invite me. But I been to the studio. Well But you mean we ain't never invited you.


We invited you and Envy. I know why Envy couldn't come but you ain't got no excuse. Yeah, we knew Envy wasn't coming. Why couldn't come? Because he don't hang out with with people like us. He don't even hang out with you. I seen one picture y'all like outside of work, like they really not partners and they keep nodding. This Relationship you gotta watch. See y'all don't get to see it. We be in the back room. These niggas don't even talk to each other when the camera's off they just sit there and just look straight. I'm like man that is true. It's Like we've been together for 14 years. I'm glad you finally doing it. Y'all Have been together. Y'all definitely been together. Y'all Gotta talk. That's actually, I bet y'all period and synced up and everything.


They ain't friends but they'll sleep in a bunk bed together. Yeah, exactly. I I don't get that. Partners is the one you ain't got to make conversation with. You can just sit around in silence and it'd be cool. All right. Whatever man. But we know what each other thinking like we, we laugh at the same jokes. We, we always that's that's work. Yeah that's work related. And You know we Really neighbors For real In the same neighborhood. Like see each other family at Who lived there first. It was actually the Same at the same time. Y'all moved. Did Vy get you the house Asking? That's Good question. No. Oh And. I just make sure she always Come up and start Shit. No, I ain't starting nothing.


It was him. Charlemagne, I know you getting money now because you, because You know you look good You know what I mean? You taking care of yourself. You starting to look like a cane corso in the face. I saw a picture Jess. I saw a picture of Charlemagne. I was like man he look like a ca corso man. You see he ain't smiling no more. Yeah you see He do look like, look at his face. He look like a cane corso. I was like boy boy you better not run up in Charlemagne crib. He going bite you. Oh you Stupid. He got paper bro. You remember when it used to be camouflage? Yeah, exactly. Yeah he All them old pictures deleted up Look like a can corso bail man. He got all the old pictures deleted. He got all his old pictures deleted. Man Saying somebody like a look like a can corso is Terrible.


I'm telling you man. Hey put the pictures up from side by side. Now did y'all hear a Soulja Boy called be Simone a charlamagne face? What? That's her saying be Simone was handsome. That was just his way of saying it. No, No. They got into an argument and he said Charlamagne. I said that's the most dis how He was saying she baldheaded. So he said Michael Jordan face Charlamagne the God face Act. I'm tell right now you can't be talking about my little brother Beast Simone. No, that's my little brother. She always been my little brother. I understand you're outrage but razor up off my little brother Man. Yeah, I mean you see we got just my brother. You already know we discussed that the last time, the First time was going on You. know what I'm Saying? Well first Time, the last time you was here you said I was your uncle.


Yeah. You know I me, my brother, uncle. We just You know whatever it is we need to be to make sure that we stay in pocket You. know what I mean? How you doing over there? You see? You got the white room Like you care now. I ain't know y'all liked each other till the interview came out. No, she Said I didn't like her. That's what she said. Y'all Really thought that for real. What? That y'all didn't like each other? No. No I ain't, I mean like romantically. I ain't know they had chemistry. Oh, I was gonna say no. I've always loved Chico. For Real. Oh, I forgot about all that. Damn. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. All right. Don't be a clown with it now. Thank you very much. Yes, you right. Yeah. What? What? I'm doing good though. I'm expected to have, we didn't ask you that within like two weeks. So. Oh, the baby coming into you? Yes. Within two Weeks. Yeah. That nigga must be in the other room. Hey, talk about me.


All this should say something about me Man. You know one thing I like about y'all. Y'all don't gotta do nothing that y'all don't want to do. Absolute. So If, you see Carlos Chico or DC doing something is 'cause they want to do it. So Los, why are you doing College Hill? Why am I doing College Hill? There Gotta be a reason behind it Just for a little razzle dazzle. Okay. Just to shake it up a little bit. Sometimes. Sometimes I just wake up And I just be doing shit. Take advantage of this whole entertainment situation bro. Ain't no telling what you might see me on Wake Up. You gonna see me on one of them Survival type shows. Like what? Where he get voted off the island. Oh yeah. Survival ain't no telling. Yeah. Yeah. I get all kind of calls through my phone bro. Sometimes I say I say no most of the time, but I'm gonna start saying yeah to some of that.


And You see the fight degree, right? Did you see the fight on college? You, which fight You, but I know you wasn't Dad. Did you see the fight? I wasn't with Jocelyn and Amber Rose. Yeah. Is that a concern that you might have to fight somebody on there? Because it seems like no, Absolutely not. I'm a great fighter. That's why don't nobody ever trap me. You think they just let me walk around saying whatever I want to say? Yeah. I Seen that. You think nobody ever questioned it? I'm a great fighter. Damn. The clip with you, Nick Young and Saucy Santana. How was it trying to keep them from fighting? Well, You know Saucy Santana is, is a whole, is a whole handful by himself. Fired. Correct? Yeah. He he got a lot going. It's like a whole production when, when he's involved. Shout out to my partner. Saucy. But he cool as hell man.


He is definitely not the person that I thought he was going into the show. But then after being around him and then you kinda, you kinda get to know these people you like. Okay. It, it is a method to your madness. So he, he's great. He's got a great marketing plot and all that. Somebody gonna play with Saucy and get their ass Beat and that's what's gonna be hilarious. That's what's gonna be hilarious. 'cause they only get, they only get to see like, That sound crazy the way yous somebody gonna play with sauce and get nigga too ass beat. Don't purpose. See How, you see how that conversation on with trail off to something else. But Cy gonna end up whooping the hell outta somebody. I could tell they Look like they wanted to jump you when you, when you said homelessness wasn't your problem.


It's still not my problem. I understood what you were saying. I got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't understand why that was so controversial what you say. And then you see now they passing all these laws. They want to kick the homeless people off the street. Yeah. Criminalize them. Yeah. They, you can go to jail. They, they criminalizing it. So it's like, man, what you Say about homeless people? I they, the the professor said that homelessness was, was a problem of everyone. And I was like, I just don't feel like that. I don't think that that's my problem. Because the powers that be and the people who make the real decisions, they can eradicate that in less than 24 hours if they want to. That's fact. So I don't feel like I had, they, they try to play on your sympathy and your, your good morals and all that to try to make you feel guilty about somebody else's situation.


I mean it's terrible but I don't feel like that's a problem. That's individual amongst decisions. How Can Carlos Miller or any of us as individuals correct the homelessness problem in America? That is America's Job. Don't be homeless to correct or or let 'em come live with you. We should all adopt one homeless person or I don't know. But not only that. You, you, you think about all the billions of dollars they send overseas, right? Right. I mean they can miss one payment and eradicate homeless. There you go. For real. I mean this is New York City. It used to be a problem. You used to see homeless people everywhere. Now you don't see it. No. That ain't true New York number one place of homelessness in, in America. But I'm saying it's not like it used to be used to have to step over people. Now you can go blocks without seeing a homeless person in You Still do.


I mean depending on what block you on You know what I'm saying? Yeah. If it ain't a homeless person, you definitely stepping over a rat. I don't know why they wait until 2026 to put the trash cans in. That's backwards. Like why? Yeah, we gonna fix the rat problem in two years. We gonna let 'em run it up for two more years, then we gonna get the trash cans in. So this is a u unique city. I love New York City, but like we were just talking on the way over here about how The World is ran from this island from right here. You know this is where The World is ran from. All the decisions that are made here in New York City affect The World. So really you believe that? Yes, absolutely. Without question. Without question. Like you think about all of the businesses and all of the, everything is centralized right here. You know, even If, you look at media, you look at what you guys have done.


You guys have shaped the culture from right here in this city. Yeah. And I think it's just the essence of this city that makes it You know so grandiose in regards to You. know the power that is You know the power structure that New York has. You know I'm from Washington DC I'm from the nation's capital, but it's more You know decisions made in New York City than it even is in, in Washington dc If, you ask me. That Makes sense. Are y'all big into politics? You Nah, Not really, man. Nah, You know what I mean? That's The thing that I learned about being on that show, bro. You ask a black man his opinion and it don't necessarily line up what everybody else's. They gonna try to make you look crazy. Yeah. And, I, like I said, I'm from the home of politics. I'm from Washington DC so I have a different vantage point into it. Like I know that a lot of the things that You know people want done You know what I'm saying?


From wherever you from, you're sending them to my city to get it done. And. I've seen them walk past us in the conditions that you want fixed in your community. So I see that it's not a care. And unfortunately for black people when it come to politics, we are the only ones that are expected to share. You know we the only ones when it comes to getting something done for us, it's like, well we gotta be the president for the whole country and we gotta do this and we gotta do that to make sure that everybody's okay. Like it is, it's so hard for us to get litigation and things passed that just benefits us. I don't think that You know we, we really are at a disadvantage when it comes to political You know the political structure in America. So it's hard to identify as a black man. That's what Triggered me too. What's That?


I Now just sitting here listening to you say that like as a black man, you can't sit here and try to blame that on me. Like of America's problem. I ain't do nothing. I ain't do nothing with that. I ain't got nothing to do with me. Yeah. It's, it is difficult to find a You know 'cause You know as black people, we've been in a committed relationship with the Democratic party for, for years. And I think that a lot of people don't understand locally. That's what creates that, that connection. It's our local politicians that spread the word If. you will like, I'm from dc Mary Ann Barry, Mary Barry is the president to me will always be. But it, what he did locally is what made us for sure say the Democratic Party is the best party to go with because of the things that he did locally. So that's why I always advise people to vote locally because the local government is what's gonna affect your life day to day.


It's not gonna be the president, it's not gonna be You know the, the senators and all of that. They make the big decisions. But the day-to-Day things that go into your community, that's what's gonna shape the way that you live. So make sure that you pay attention to your local government, your sheriffs and your You know police chiefs and all of that. That's what you need to vote for. You know my daddy was in rehab with Marion Barry. Your daddy was in rehab with Marionberry? Yes. He told me this story for the first time like a week and a half ago. I'm like, man, that was lit. I girl t was lit. I can't remember the name of the facility. They said Barry all the way to South Carolina. Carolina in a facility. He said they used to, he said they used to stand, they used to stand at the bus stop and he just would tell 'em about all the stuff that was going on in politics in DC. He just said it so casual That goes to show you how real of a nigga Marian Barry was.


He went to South Carolina and caught the bus. That's different. That's a different type of politician. That's the type of politician we need. Somebody like that You. know what I'm saying? So I don't know. I just think that like for somebody like Charlemagne who was heavily involved in politics, I got a question for you. Like what do you think the plan should be in this coming election for us to get something done for us? I think that you should, well I'm gonna tell you what I'm voting for. I'm voting to protect democracy. You know me personally A millionaire. I am, I'm voting to, I'm voting to preserve democracy. But I mean, I do, I had, I'm not gonna say I had no intentions of voting 'cause I was gonna vote in November. I just wasn't gonna tell nobody who I was voting for. And I'm still not telling nobody You turn to a white Man. I'm still not telling nobody to vote for how You know.


I'm just telling people, vote for their issues. Find, find, look at both candidates, look at the issues that you like, the agenda that they got and, and, and cast your vote based on the issues. I mean, but that's the thing. Like what are, what issues are specifically directed towards black people in America? What? Oh, I don't think, yeah, I don't think there's anything specifically directed towards black people in America, but, And it should be. Yeah. But there's, there's things that they You know. I, one of the candidates is doing Kamala Harris. I believe that You know could impact us. You know when you talk about the the black maternal health rate. Death rate in this country, You know she's, she's a leader on that. She's a leader on mental health advocacy. She's a leader for HBCUs, leader for small businesses. HBCUs. Like those are things that I know entrepreneurship directly impact us.


Entrepreneurship, economic empowerment. Yeah. But these are issues that have been on the board for years and for us to still have these same issues let You know that none of this stuff has been rectified. Understand. So at what point do we start to see the results other than the promises? You know, that's the thing. We get promised a whole bunch of stuff during the election cycle. Every four years it's like the same movie. Come on. You get all these different promises, all these different You know we're gonna do this. We're gonna, yeah, we're gonna do this, we gonna do that, we gonna do this. And then for the next four years it's just hurry up and wait You. know what I'm saying? So I think that, I'm glad you Said it so I don't gotta catch the Backlash. And then I guess you speaking the truth You know what I mean? The, the older I get You know having, having actual relationships with people and being able to reach out to them personally.


To me that to me that goes a, a long way. 'cause you can really, like you say you could really be in the air like Mar like Marion Barry was down there talking to Yeah. Right. The People. Right. So You know exactly what is going on with the people, right. To be able to make those kind of connections. I think that's, that's priceless for all community. I can agree Personally To a certain extent. What did Y'all think when Trump got shot in the air? He didn't get shot. Stop. Damn shit. Car. He didn't get shot. Talk To me. Stop saying that You know he didn't get shot. Why you don't think he got shot? What do you think happened? You Don't get shot and be outside talking shit the same day. He not 50. Yeah, he didn't get shot. He did not shot. He said it was the glass. He Didn't get shot. There was the Glass that either way, I mean coming from somebody who done been shot at, there ain't no such, ain't no difference.


You know what I mean? Ain't no difference. I don't know what y'all talking about. You know what I mean? All that. He ain't get shit. I, I don't know about y'all but I ain't never seen no bullet be like, wait, hold up. Wait a minute. That one ain't mine. Yeah, go ahead. Nah, it don't, it don't work like that. But I will say this about that situation though, in my opinion, like I said, with my understanding of politics, that was the first time that he ever looked presidential to me. Really? Yeah. Okay. And because to me it was impossible to see him as presidential 'cause he'd been a celebrity our whole life. I watched this nigga in home alone like this is, he was always, he's the apprentice. So you saw a celebrity. But that was the first time that I think in his You know political career that he actually looked presidential. It's kind of like what happened with Ronald Reagan.


Interesting. When Ronald Reagan got a You know the attempted assassination that If, you look back on that history that shows that that was the first time that he felt like him and American people connected in a way that he did. 'cause he was a celebrity before he became the president. So once that happened, it connected him and bonded him with the American people. And I think that's what stretched him out to where we were able to see. 'cause I think The World that we live in now, the The World that we're adults in is because of Ronald Reagan. And if, if Trump wins this next election, The World that our children will live in will be because of Donald Trump. 'cause Trump absolutely You know what you you what you just said is made me think of something you don't, that doesn't show you the importance of this election coming up though. When you see one president get an assassination attempt and then one the other candidate say, You know what, I'm gonna step out because I I it is so serious.


I don't even wanna give us a chance. No I don't. That give give us a better chance to win it. I don't think that's the reason why he stepped out. Nah, Joe, Joe Biden was mumble rapping. Joe Biden was, I'm talking about you asked him a question, he was like, yeah, we're gonna to begin in. It is like that's lifestyle. I heard that already, Joe. You not, you're not gonna get me with that one. That's thug right there. So I think that You know just, I think there should be an age limit though. Absolutely. They should be. That should definitely be an age limit. Because like Los, me and Los was talking the other day and he was like, man, it's always gonna be a bunch of old white men. So when are we gonna stop letting them be the ones that make the, the conscious decisions for Kamala Harris You.


know what I mean? Yeah. I mean that's Come on. That's a little different. It's very different. Yes. That's very different Campaigning at work. Charlamagne. I'm not, I'm trying, I don't some kind law against it. I really don't want to endorse nobody. I'm telling people who to vote for. I'm not. I feel like I made that mistake in two, 2020. We know that your home girl, that's the home we know you went over the after party You know we saw the pictures. You on the ground. I ain't never post no pictures. Ain't she's somewhere right now. Like look at my cane corso, look at my, look at my cane corso. Look at 'em just protecting me. Look at my can corso remember how troubles like look at my black people. That's, that's how she gonna be like we got my cane corso on stage.


Charle Bay the God. Oh I really try not to endorse nobody though. She, I'm just telling remember she gave us a Shout up. Yeah, she definitely came when we did the BET award, she came and talked to us. So there is a, there is a level of connection that that is there that we can You know utilize as black people from just the optics. Because black women carry so much of the burden when it comes to our community. That's right. For various reasons. You know what I mean? You know a lot of factors play into that. But the black woman is is very, very pivotal in our community. So I think that You know having that connection and being able to galvanize black women. If black women are with it, then You know everybody gonna be with it. Man. Think about your daughter. Right. Chico think about the confidence you already instilling in her as a woman.


But then she got people she can look to like that. Like imagine what that do for they confidence. Oh yeah. Well she already got all her confidence. Yeah. I don't know where You know she she she different. So that's why I started with you. I thought Confidence you were feeling she all the way different. But I mean that is You know Optic wise. That's something that I never thought, I never thought we would see Obama in our lifetime. That's right. So to see a black woman would be amazing. But You know. I would just hope that You know the understanding. You know. 'cause you look at the record and You know what, what people ized her on in regards to what her time was as a a prosecutor and everything You know. But I think people need to understand that everybody got a job to do so if that was her job, she was doing her job and if she locked a lot of people up, that means she did her job well.


So now it's time to You know rectify that And I think that's something that she should speak to to kind of make black men who might have a issue with the fact that that's her record. Make us feel a little bit better about the fact that that's not necessarily what she was doing because that was her sentiment but she was doing her job and now that she could potentially be the president, she's gonna do a job that is gonna be more beneficial to those same people that she might have You know been a detriment to back in the day. How Does she wanna win? Does she want to be the president? Oh Kamala. Yeah. Absolutely. It seems like she's just, that just came outta nowhere. Did you imagine lo you Just go to your regular job one day and they like, hey guess what we got for you? Nah, she ran in 2020. Yeah she ran in 2020. Yeah she ticket from there. But I think she wants to be.


You Think so? She Definitely want to be Chi Chico. You how much you had lost in Vegas when your daughter made you do the walk Of shame. Man, come on Slim. Nah I don't wanna talk about that. We talking About Man we kept why you keep trying to put me we to go from politics straight to that. You trying to get the I rest in my business man too much. Man. I have a limit. Like I have a limit to where You know my own money. But the messed up part was I lost all my winnings. No, that's the thing, that's the thing about gambling man. Gambling. I say gambling don't get the respect they deserve in the hierarchy of addiction because you sit there and You know that if all they take is one of these motherfuckers to hit And, I be right back up. And then next thing You know you dig in your pocket to get some more money out and you got a coupon and that's it.


It seemed like, it Seemed like nobody hit though. Like I seen, I think Drake hit for like some crazy 8 million the other day and I'm like that just don't Happen. I mean yeah I don't know nothing about that. Ain't no way in The World I ever gamble that much money. I don't care how much money I had, but just the feeling of losing was was so terrible that my daughter really You know her perspective was You know we gonna make it fun but you can't do that. Daddy and And. I. I'm just glad I'm in a position where I listen to my child in that regard. Like I always say You know. I think that a lot of parents don't give the credence to their children to understand that you think You know what they know but they are very, very knowledgeable in a lot of ways that you don't give credit for hell. Yeah. And, I think that that's something that our parents didn't do.


I joke about that all the time. Like our parents felt like giving us a better life was just buying all of the shit that they didn't get when they was little and thinking that that provide us a better life than we had. But the reality is tell you Been gambling again. Huh? I was just saying If, you was gonna tell The World you been gambling again. Why you snitching? You gonna sit here And I didn't say nothing about being changed. Yes, I went back. You the gambling, you went back. I definitely Went back. And I won this time. That's why I ain't say nothing damn low. He just Said, he just said people downplayed as an addiction. It's an addiction. Yeah, it's an addiction. And I have an affliction You. know what I mean? What's up? You not gonna do this on The Breakfast Club? Not when I'm here. Yeah I had but I won this time and like I said, I got a limit.


I don't You know. I was like big mes, you don't never bring it all with you. But You know I I'm, I'm, I'm I'm not as bad as I was that day. That day I was sick though. Oh my God. I'm scared. Gamblers bro. Gamble. You say what? I'm Scared of gamblers. No you're not. Especially the gamblers from the hood because it's like I know people that used to now That I would never do. Yeah they They used to be they hustle like how some people go out and sell crack, they gonna go out And. I can't. I ain't got that kind of heart. I can't do the street gambling now. Fly flies a legend on the dice. Offset Lil Baby And four two duck Them the best gamblers in The World throw hard. Yeah, don't just don't gamble with them. You not ready for that? Nah, you gotta put don't gamble with D dc You gotta put fly in there. I was about to say you gotta throw fly there. Fly monster them dice. But I never gambled in the hood. Like just because I saw ah man, that's some of the worst violence I've ever saw.


Even You. know what I mean? So I, I'm good with that. But Vegas You know that's control. You know they got a they it is a little different when you at the at the casino but the streets, nah, I couldn't do the streets. The streets is a little different but Charlamagne you gamble. You gamble all the time. When you went in there and set up into that machine and let them peel your skin off and put a whole nother layer of skin on you coulda died. That was a gamble with your life bro. You go in there, they refurbished my boy like a leather boots. Yeah, exactly. You know what I mean? When you got in there and refurbished yourself man you coulda passed away to nobody know what you went through. You gamble with your life to look like that can course over with the smooth skin. That might not even be me right now. I might be dead. Me might be dead. Yeah, the OU definitely is dead. The OU is definitely dead all the way.


He said four two dug and Lil Baby won't even GA four two. Doug was up here two weeks ago. He said him and baby don't even gamble against each other. I don't blame him. He said they only hit up other people. Yeah. Yeah. They had A life changing type gambling. Yeah. But to just go ahead and let You know I lost $6,400. That's how much I lost. 6,400. 6,400. That's a lot of money bro. Of their money You know what I mean? That's how


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


At public.com. We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


The Paris Olympics are here tonight in men's gymnastics. US all around Champ Brody Malone continues his amazing comeback as he leads team USA against the world's best. Unbelievable. He is Back. Plus history will be made in the pool as a strong US swimming team takes on Rivals Australia and the best of The World in pursuit of gold. Experience the Olympics as you've never seen them before. Primetime in Paris tonight. Eight seven Central on NBC in Peacock.


I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time I will run down seven stories. Everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise. My name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now wherever you're listening and we will get you caught up.


How much I won and then I gave it all back. Gave it all back. Do y'all Roast each other the same way Doug and baby won't play dice against each other? Do y'all not roast each other? You Just heard this nigga snitch on me. Hell yeah That was you was just talking. That was No, no That's how we do it. It is just, it is. It is. It is no filter. Like we really brothers, we partners so there is no You. know what I mean? We keep each other in check that way You. know what I'm saying? Like there is no situation that can happen where if we gonna laugh at each other first The World not gonna be able to make us feel bad about some shit. We gonna discuss it and laugh and joke with each other first. And by the time The World gets to it, we done already got past it. You know what mean? If You too far. If you ever around some comedians and they don't say nothing. They don't care about you.


So Y can't, y'all can never go too far with each other. It's Never been that, that nah, nah, nah. Hell nah You know what I mean? 'cause there's a level of respect that is that's in place at but then there's no situation that we can go through in life that is off the table. 'cause You know these. You gotta have You know therapy man. That's really what it is. Your brothers are your therapists, your everyday therapists, the ones you don't have to pay. So you, you really missing out If, you don't utilize that You. know what I mean? If you in Charlemagne living in the same community and y'all going through something, you don't walk across the street and holler at your boy then they your boy. No they Don't associate outside of work bro. They don't. Yes we do. We don't. He not going over, he don't know nothing about Charlemagne house bro. Charlemagne ain't been over his house down eat dinner. I don't really go to nobody house.


Oh Now don't go to nobody house. I Like, I really don't. I don't go to nobody house. Exactly. I Got six kids so I'm home. We know how many kids you got. You post them every day. I got six Kids, Lacey, Casey, Stacey Man, come on Mac. Yeah you got them seeds on there boy. For sure Know too much about y'all man. What about the son is a great athlete and all this. What about the Covenant House, Lowes? How did that change you? You visited the Covenant House bro, I didn't, I never been around like homeless teenagers man. I didn't know that it was You know when you think homeless, you think of like adults who like had a whole life and like went through something and like fell on hard time.


But then you go and you see like teenage mothers and fathers and then you got like high school students who still getting up every day going to high school. Which could totally be a struggle 'cause kids are crew and you got future comedians in there roasting everybody, not knowing what people's situation is. So it like that just hit me in a different way to be like, it's not just grown people bro. There's kids involved, it's people still trying to have a life. So I had to make sure that I went down there off camera and kicked it and talked to them people and send some, some gifts and some You know some some resources and just try to use my platform to try to amplify that part. So, And probably still reinforce you.


America ain't shit. It definitely ain't. Yeah man. It definitely ain't For sure we, but Like I was saying bro, like it's a real problem. Yeah. And then to sit here and like come up with a TV solution to a real problem, it just aggravated the hell outta me. So I just had to make sure I did something on my Own and that was dope. Like, 'cause growing up I'm still working on that. I, I been Calling a lot of people trying to get some resources behind it. Like been talking to some of the, the, the executives over there at BET to be like, hey if we can go over there and shoot something there, we can definitely put 'em on the list. So You know what I mean? Keep 'em in the rotation or You. know what I mean? It's a lot of places like that. I grew up up lot of places like grew up in DC It's a place called Sasha Bruce that a lot of the You know homeless kids lived at.


And we would go volunteer and You know and this was when I was still in school. So just seeing and that dynamic made us have a greater appreciation for what we did have You know even though we was poor and broke, we still had mothers and You know what I mean? A place to call our own. And just seeing kids have to try to figure out that dynamic even back then was a problem. But now you look at what they up against man, they up against everybody's highlight reel. We didn't have to compete with that. That's right. You know what I'm saying With the internet now You know I went back to my college and talked to the kids at the, in my program at the Mass communications program and just hearing them say, man, I feel like I ain't doing enough. I feel like I ain't doing enough. I'm like, how old are you? 18, 19. And the reason is because when you look at your phone, you seeing everything that everybody's doing everywhere.


Like when I was in, when I first went to college, I knew what everybody was doing on the campus and the surrounding areas, but I didn't know what the dudes at Central was doing or the dudes at Hampton or Howard. Now everything is available to you every 15 to 60 seconds. So they're under a greater level of pressure than we were ever under because you have so much access to information. So you think about the pressure of having that type of access to information, seeing everybody who's living better than you and then you gotta live in this reality. They need that type of support from people like us to be able to push him forward and say, Hey man, the real world is always gonna be the real world when you turn that phone off, this is still gonna be going on. So you can push through it and that's necessary. That's why I was so me and Los had the conversation about him even going on College Hill.


We talked about it And, I You know. After we had the conversation I was just like, man I'm glad that you're doing it because you're the person that can change the dynamic of what people think about reality TV You. know what I mean? It doesn't have to be You know you relegated to be a reality star. If, you go on a reality television show, you can go on there and change the dynamic. And I think that's what he did. So it's good for people who might not have had the, the, the theory to be able to say, I'm going on a reality show. Now they can see somebody like him on a reality show and realize, okay, I can go on there, be myself and still come out and do all the same things without being You know typecast is all, well we ain't gonna be able to see you on nothing else but loving hip hop or, and not that there's anything wrong with those shows, but I Might go on there next.


For real, I want go on there. And. I, go on there and break up. What? I don't know. Just go on there and have a terrible relationship. Pick up what Steve j left off On. Purpose. Purpose. See that's funny though, If, you go in there with that intention. That's funny. That's comedy to me. I would definitely go in there. Have they approached you? Yeah. You just ain't wanna do it yet. I ain't found the right person to go on there yet. And I don't want it. I don't want it to be just regular. I might, I might get one of 'em only fans girls or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Acting like we in love for three episodes. Yeah. They approached me with a reality show. They wanna be a do a reality show where I was going on there to find love. I was like, you don't want me on there? You should Go on there. You need love. Not like that big boy.


You think them comments be bad. Would I be on here? Oh my god. They approach You because they hear your Comments about relationship. Yeah. They, they thought that it would be a good idea to have me go in there and bullshit And I. Not that, nah, I couldn't do it You know what I mean? I couldn't do it. It would be too disrespectful for the people who have accepted the truth that I give out every day for me to go in there and act like I'm trying to find a girlfriend on a reality show that would've grown there. She Grown fall in love with an ugly woman. What's her ugly woman? I mean a woman who's not conventionally attracted Cosmetically challenged. Yeah, cosmetically challenged style yet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. She be give it like 20, 27. She'd be, that'd be the one. Oh Yeah. So the comment like he went on there talking All that shit.


That shit shit. Exactly. You know what I mean? So you say I need to go out there and get an unconventionally attractive woman then You know what now that makes sense. We might be able to shoot to get an unconventionally attractive woman. Put her with Charlamagne who was unconventionally attractive. Show him to get, get her to show her his whole process and then She look just like him. Her name's Charla Ang. Hey that's great. I used to always think I'm I am, I'm an exotic, I'm exotic looking. No you not like Seal. Remember Seal. Like women like Seal. Remember Seal. This nigga Say he look like Seal. He got one white lady and thought that was it. Seal who You know Wedding Good. My eyes and then My, Come on Char man, White lady.


He was married to who? Seal. She was like a super Yeah, they got kids and everything. Shout out to Seal bro. Don't let, don't let him be the face of ugly. Yeah. And then, and then And. I just realized something. Charlemagne, you said My daughter made me do the walk. Sha You know I'm not ashamed the other way by headline. Look right bro. You looked like Michael Myers when you Took the phrase, that's the funny part about it. Like You know what I mean? I'm glad that we had the type of dynamic that we had because it's fun for her. But like I, from the beginning, it was just me showing that man who gives a fuck what people think about you. Yeah. You know what I mean? And the fact that I could walk the same reason, I could walk around confident with my hair looking crazy like that is the same reason you think you look like Moore Chestnut.


Nineties Romcom is de I'm talking about delusion. Delusional. I mean, yeah. Yeah. But yeah, but it's, it's self-indulgent, delusion You. know what I'm saying? SID we both got It. Don't esteem down. That's what I'm saying. I'm, you gotta have that type of mentality. Ain't gonna take it that far. But you got a good job. Attractive. You got a good job. You got a good job. He Got a good job. You got a good job. He a Good man, Man. No good job. There you go. I say Malik, you got insurance, He got insurance, you Got stability. You said that didn't look like male. Yo, New York under couple Ma Yoba or the Tyler Perry movie. Malik Tyler Perry. Don't let him do that. You know.


Don't let him do Luke And Malik. Yo. Man, I ain't got no problem. That's, that's the old me. What's up? He just texted you the other day. Don't act like he ain't text you. You sent me a screenshot. Yeah. Well You know what, now that I think about it, y'all do look like Malik. Yo Ben Torres. Y'all could be, y'all could be the new New York undercover right there. New York's brother, new York's under Brothers Undercover because y'all, he is undercover You. know what I mean? Bro, we, we need to stop coming up here giving these niggas these free ideas, man. They need to pay us, man. We gonna do that for two days for sure. Yeah. And then You know Jess could be the, the chief. Jess could be the Chief You know the chief of police that Ja got a report to You.


know what I mean? She could be in a relationship with Colin Powell. That would be a hit man. I'm telling you bro. I hate y'all, Don't hate on us, man. What's Up with Channel 85 man? Y'all, what'd you say? What? What's up with Channel 85? What you mean? Yeah, she need to take a nap. You sleepy. I can see it. She pregnant mother fucking question, nigga. Yeah, there you go. Nah, don't get too aggressive that baby Your water gonna break on camera. But nah, You know what's going on. Channel 85 is, is You know our attempt in You know, making sure that we are in control of, as much as we can be in control of the content that we put out on there, is the way we want it to be.


Without having to be You know under the, the rules and guidelines of You. know people who might disagree with what we want our narrative to be. So having that control is, is important. And also being able to be in charge of what You know you put out. And having the, the understanding of how deep that goes when it comes to the visual aspects, when it comes to what you're talking about, the content wise, all of that is stuff that somebody else is going to dictate and determine when you are using that platform. So for us to have that ability, we're one, putting out what we wanna put out, but also learning the game from that perspective to be able to You know, have people who have like minds be able to come in and put their content out on our platform as well.


So You know it's All about the ownership, what it looks like to create, produce your own ideas and where would it live? What does it look like? We don't need the validation of somebody at a network to say, that's a good one, I don't like that one. Maybe you change that. It's like, nah, we want to try to build, we wanna build within our own structure. And it's all about retaining ownership. 'cause You know with other platforms like YouTube and the social media that fluctuates one, one month you'd be great. You make a whole lot of money. Then the next month they'll flag all your content and then you make no money. So it's just, it's really just about like trying to stabilize the ownership and You know, get into the media game.


'cause I feel like at this point it's still early. Like hell yeah. People still figuring out like what's gonna happen in 10 years where all this content is created. That's right. How we going to keep getting paid off of it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So that's, that's the, the the like the insight that we take when we creating our new projects and You know doing things like channel 85 plus it's in the tech world. Yeah. We figure out some tech world type situations. We'll be the next billionaire. Billionaire. Yeah, exactly. And then you look at the way that the game has changed with the, the streaming. You look at people like Snet and You know I show speed and all of these people who are good, I Gotta get over there with them. Yeah, For sure. They Need an old dude over There.


Yeah. You know what I mean? They Can't be over there. I mean that, that, that right there is, is a dynamic that shows you just how quickly things can change. 'cause You know five years ago nobody saw that coming. Nobody saw valuable options and being able to just sit in a room and broadcast yourself doing whatever it is you wanna do. But now that is one of the most lucrative ways to be able to market, to be able to You know ex You know break artists to be able to do all of these different type of things. So that goes to show you how the development of technology is changing the way that entertainment is consumed. So I think that when you put your You know hat in the game, you allow yourself to You know, be in the race in a way to where you can connect with these people because you have the same type of dynamic going on to where they can You know I, Hey man, we doing this.


Come sit with us so we can sit with you and do that. But I think that a lot of people are still stuck in that old God. So you gotta realize that things change. That's right. Time is always moving forward. So you can't be stuck in the mentality, oh man, I can't get with that. And that's why Kev is so smart, because You know he's already certified legendary. That's right. In the entertainment industry. So he doesn't, he didn't have to go and put himself in that position. He would've been straight ripped without that. But because of the energy that those guys are putting out, he saw value in that. And that's something that we always want to have on one end. The vision to be able to see and also be able to have something that somebody can look at us and, and they might be in a greater position and say, Hey, I wanna come sit down with them You.


know what I mean? I want to come have a conversation with these guys to be able to show that I'm seeing that the progression of entertainment is something that I wanna be a part of even though I've been in it for 30, 40 years. You know what I'm saying? See 85 South on Kai. I see Ca 85. Yeah. Both ways, man. Kai, come, come, come. Rock Kai Live You. know what I'm saying? We out here slim. Oh, a live Stream from 85 studios would Be crazy. Yeah. A live stream anywhere with Slim. I mean that is You know the youth is is You know. I, I use my daughter as an example. Like she's my consigliere into the things that I don't understand about You know the internet and and entertainment in that regard. And everything that she put me onto, I, I embrace it because I know that this is what in 10 years, this is what the, the dynamic is gonna be in entertainment.


So if I wanna stay in touch, that's my easiest You know the easiest way for me to stay in touch is right there You. know what I mean? I got it. And I think a lot of us, if we gave that ability to the children that we have or the children that we around to be able to let them guide us into what we You know are going into the future and seeing You know you'll have a lot more opportunity to make more money. Especially when you've been doing it for You know we've been in this game now, we've been on tv what, 10 years now? Almost 11 years. Yeah. Yeah. So, so You know and Wild and Out grade Premier. Yeah. Yeah. Wild An out GRE premier this week. Season 21 You. know what I mean? Another season is GRE premier this week. So You know we have been blessed to be in the game, but it's always progression that can be made.


And a lot of the times you miss that progression by being stuck in your old ways. You. know what I'm saying? So You know, just open your mind up and you'll see the value and all of this stuff that these You know new entertainers are doing out here. Because we definitely see what the pitch Y'all got for y'all. The dumbest pitch. The dumbest pitch. Somebody came to y'all and said this, we want you to do this movie or this show Shit. For me it was that reality show. I was like, man, y'all got You know who I am. You want me to go on there and try to find a girlfriend? I tried to talk him in the, he tried to talk me in the door. He could've went on there. He tried to talk me in the door that I couldn't do it. Man really been Entertaining. He cannot be phone. I can't do it. It's impossible man. I get in trouble for that now. Niggas be mad at me 'cause I don't wanna participate in they bullshit. It is crazy.


Like I just don't understand that how you could be a real nigga everywhere but in your house. That don't make no sense to me. You You know what I mean? You a real nigga Everywhere you motherfucker better not play with you better. I disrespect. You better not say nothing crazy to you, but as soon as you walk in that door and that woman ask you where you was at. Huh Huh? What you mean? What you better And? I. I just You know I can't operate like that man. No I Fuck with that because you telling the truth. Yeah. I can't operate like that because I You know. It just don't make no sense to me. I can't say You know drink. I can't make you like me based on what your fantasy is about a man If. you looking for your fantasy man, go find them. But this is what it is with me. And once they came to me with that I was like nah, it is what it is because it ain't, it is what it is.


It is. It's harsh. It's not harsh. But You like, you like the fantasy loss. You like Yeah, come home and be myself every day. Where were you babe? Babe? I was traveling on the western hemisphere. I was chased down by Tyrannosaurus but I made my way home to, to Love you. That's all good until you get into that argument. Oh you dinosaur chasing ass nigga. You Oh niggas chase dinosaurs. Think da that you mad. Nah, nah. You can have that slim. I don't want no parts of it. All that reality all the time lie to me sometimes. Lie to me. I'm talking about gimme some good healthy lies. Oh, You know who said that? Nikki Giovanni.


When she was having a conversation with James Baldwin. With James Baldwin. That's one of my favorite conversations. She was like, You know You know everybody else. Why can't you? Why can't you, you come home and lie to me. And, I can respect that as long as you understand when you catch me in that lie, I don't get chastised for it. That's the part that they left out. You know what I mean? It's, it is cool. If you If you want be lied To see. Sound like you had some brutal ass whoopings. That's what I heard. I Heard. Who Me? I heard the trauma. When you Like brutal ass whoopings from who ass. Oh come life. Oh life whooping. Well yeah, but definitely life then definitely whoop my ass in a lot of different ways. But it is, it is not in the same capacity that most people, I done dealt with a lot of laws, man. Like a whole lot of law lost a lot of people that I love in my lifetime. And one thing you can't ever get back is those people.


So you left with the memories. 'cause you imagine that somebody pass away and all you got is lies You. know what I mean? That you've been lied to the whole time. Now you even what You mean can I imagine That's the reality of a lot of them situations. Yeah, I know You know how many people I lost. That ain't dead. I lost a lot of people that I don't even know no more. Man. Man, that man look like the people I used to know. Yeah. But I dunno them. But why did You lose Them though? Because I never had 'em. Damn. Why did you lose Them? Because I never Had 'em. And what you mean by that? They showed up and they tried to, they tried to sell me a perception of something that they weren't Lord have mercy. Bullshit. They attached themselves to something that was not even real.


But it, that's what I tell you all the time when you hang around people idiot. If they keep it real and they keep it thorough with you, you going, it's not gonna last. You can't sit how you can't be yourself all the time. I can't go on College Hill and tell these people how I really feel. I can only, I Can. Yes you do. Only I can only give them a cer like the way that they edited around that. I saw that that was a, that was a conversation that happened after class that had nothing to do with the class. But the way that they played it, they tried to make me look ignorant, rude, disruptive, and disrespectful. And this is, this is how, like this is just a regular conversation that I'm having that somebody ask me.


Right. So how could you take something like that? And You know Don't thing you answered y'all, y'all are some of the most thoughtful people I know Don't speak. But see, I'll come on this show and tell The World. I don't want you to know that about me. Yeah. You don't need to know that I'm a great person. I need you to continue to believe that I'm as terrible as you think I am. That's right. That's right. Because that goes with, that's so on brand. That's if I was, if I was the nice person who went off camera and hung out with these people six, seven hours, I'm not, they don't even tell you. I'm the reason why we passed the class in the first place. Yes sir. Mr. All the people in there disagreeing with me. They didn't help with the, with the actual work part of that. You Had to do real work. Hell yeah. Absolutely. Hell yeah.


That nigga was calling me. Yeah, that nigga was calling and they dismantled my opinion. But then they had no solutions. Dang. Nobody had nothing to offer. Didn't nobody want to contribute. Not even the teacher. Like so you just did that for the camera And you, the person going to the Covenant House after the cameras is Not rolling no More. See we had them conversations about that just and what we talking about now. Like, 'cause he, he's sitting here talking that shit all he want to, this is one of the realest niggas you'll ever meet in regard, bro. You're blowing it ain't no blowing. It ain't no, ain't no blowing it. This is what it is. You know what I'm saying? But I understand where he coming from. 'cause we have these type of dialogues. Me and this dude man, we come from nothing like me in this city.


That's why I love this city so much because me and this dude, when we first got on wilding out was walking the Western Union sending 30, $40 home and washing our clothes at the hotels. And we done been together and progressed through this industry. So the conversations that we've had are always on brand with the future we are able to see into the future. In a lot of ways You know. That's why I always give Charlemagne the credit that I give him because you have that same vision. But in those conversations you realize that what he's saying ain't wrong as far as how detrimental being honest and being real can be. But at some point you have to recognize that who cares what people think. That's right about how you operate. That's right. When you go home and you in the house and it's just you, that's your life.


That's majority of your life. It's just you and your thoughts. So whatever you need to Do do mean to me, my life is just me walking around with sweatpants and no drawers on. Yes. That's majority. That's what you listening To rap music from. Oh three. That's my life. Yep. That's that's your real life. It's Dark and hell is hot. Yep. That's that's your real life right there. That's what you gonna do majority of the time. And then the fuck, the crazy part is that's what you enjoy the most. Exactly. That's what makes you, that's what makes you who you are though. Yeah. All the way. That's what make you who you are. So And You know what it, that's a lot of those things that make me who I am. But I think the Mississippi stands out the most. You know you when you come from the country. That's right. You start to see like, you get the, like the first lesson that you learn is between cost and value.


That's right. It is. Because something cost a lot doesn't mean it holds any value. That's right. So that's right. When I, when I go through this journey with the entertainment industry and you get the opportunities to make money and things of that nature, I think of like how far that will actually go. Where I'm from You know what I mean? How much you can actually do. It's a lot of things that I still haven't been able to comfortably buy because of The. World You know how that'll help somebody and the guilt. Oh man. Yes sir. You know what I I'm saying Survivor's remorse. I Could easily do that. Yes sir. But I could also take this and go help damn near all the people that I know. That's right. Or You, know what I mean? Change somebody's life. Like change they whole situation. That's right. Well which one do you do? Do you, do you serve yourself or do you do that?


You gonna grow to learn to do a Little bit of, you gotta find a balance You know what I mean? You gotta find a balance because you realize in helping people, a lot of times, like I all the time, I don't loan people money You. know what I mean? If I give you something could because I don't have any money. Yeah. I'm, That's my story. I, and I'm sticking to it. I don't, I don't loan people money. If I give you something, I'm giving it to you. 'cause I know that the process of getting it back is going be a whole process that I don't wanna see those characteristics in you because the humbleness that you come and ask for with I don't, it's no way that I'm going to have to or be able to ask you for it back with the same humbleness because it's something that I gave to you. So I'm automatically gonna look like a asshole asking for that little bit of money I gave you You.


know what I'm saying? But you also have to balance yourself in knowing that If, you give it all away. You won't have nothing. And then those same people who are asking you, you could never ask them for the things that they asking you for. That's right. So you gotta have that balance You know what I mean? That's what I tell family. Don't be ridiculous though. Don't ask me for stuff you've never had in your life. Yeah. If, you get 10,000 till next Friday. Like What? Yeah. Like asking you for amount of money you've never made. Like you don't even know how to go get this. But you expect me and it's something that I always ask is like, how many solutions or how many possible solutions did you go through before you got to me? Or was it the problem then me? Yeah. I need to be your Last car You. know what I mean? Like don't let me be the solution to your problem. Like to have some type of cache to where you try to figure this out on your own.


Tell me what you did up until you having to call me. That didn't work to where I was the last option for you to be able to make this happen. And then certain people don't even ask for anything. Those are the easiest people to help because You know that they're trying, that's the process that goes unsaid. Like I know you've been doing everything that you can to fix this. So in order for me to help you not go through that process anymore, I'll help you out. But if it's just I got a problem, you the solution. Those are the people you gotta learn how to separate yourself from because you'll never be able to get them enough. 'cause there'll never be problems. There'll never not be problems Rather in somebody's life, everybody gonna always have issues and, and when you, the person that people look at as a solution, they don't respect your issues.


I Always act like I'm just in between jobs. Well, I mean, well technically, Yeah. I'm working on some things man. Well Chico, I borrow 5,000. You said what now? Alright, 85 Chico. Stop Trying to get in front of us. Don't Say that And then try to get us outta here Chico. When you go to his page and you block, don't ask why I might be blocked now. She blocking you. I might be blocked now, but it's okay because You know I love him and I'm trying to help my brother out. You Already rich. You don't Need no $5,000 from me. I Appreciate you guys for joining us. You ain't Ain't gonna get to see none of the family photo shoots on the stairwell when they get all dressed alike and they be on the stairwell. Yeah. You gonna miss all this. I know. I'm gonna miss Him coming too.


Yeah, that's what I'm saying. On the stairwell. Yeah, But that's what I, that's what I'm worried about. I want him to keep the stairwell. He Keep asking for money. It ain't gonna be no stairwell. Them niggas gonna be back on the porch in Queens and they gonna be mad. And I don't want that for my man and his family guys. It's Halloween first. We do Halloween first. You see what I'm saying? We don't do Thanksgiving then we do Christmas and New Year. See What I'm saying? You already, I want them to keep the family tradition going. He done already ran too many wrists. Man. It is too beautiful of a Family. He has too beautiful of a life. Man. That Bean Ladies and gentlemen call Us Miller. No stop. Y'all ain't got there. It's Friday. The big business conference before. Check it out.


It's, it's Friday on a Monday. Y'all ain't got nothing to do. It's Friday on a Monday. It's Friday on a Monday. Charla made this Greg go running the grass, catch a bone or something. Y'all ain't about to do nothing. That's exactly what I'm about to go to. I'm gonna be outside with no shoes on Barefoot walking around New yard. Oh yeah. You on mushrooms. You I'll probably do some weed today. You probably just do some weed today. I don't know nothing about that man. Make sure you watch College Hill. Yeah, that's right. Make sure you watch 85 South Show. Make sure you come to all the live shows. Subscribe to Channel 85 Avenue, Channel 85. 85. We all got You. know the the tour we doing. We got individual shows we got coming up.


Man. Y'all should, should, should come support man. This show Love man. Salute to our brother DC You. know what I mean? Oh, happy birthday to Prince. Happy birthday to Prince. That's why You know today is Prince birthday. That's why he not here man. He's being a an amazing father man. Absolutely. So You know salute our brother, man and You know. Thank y'all for having us as always man. We appreciate y'all man. Appreciate Y'all partnership, business and personal man. That's right. All the way. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Step into The, World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service For me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome To the family. No Purchase necessary. VDW Group VO prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a P as a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior. Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 To apply


Mo, do Us Visit Modo. Do us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at m mo. do.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. We prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply to website for details.


Hello Joe. There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything. That could become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see 'em in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connect and changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.