
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Just niche. Welcome back my Girl. Thank You. How you feeling man? I feel great y'all. Yeah, thank y'all. Yeah. Last time you was here you was talking about putting out your special, now you got your special actually Out the special drop y How'd you feel? Congratulations. First of all, it feels good. Thank you. We got it done. Like, and it's, the feedback has been just crazy. So it's really like top five. And you did it yourself. You funded it Completely yourself. Funded. Yeah. Thank you. You paid for it too. Thank, did you watch it? You win it. I did see some of it.


No I did. Because you did it all with the selfie. Yeah. You in it, you in the special. Did you declare, did you declare or not Just she good. I niche. Good. When? When? When I filmed y'all the first time I said y'all in the special. That's Right. That was the Clarence. You did. Yeah. I imagine. Yeah. So turned out real dope. So congratulations. Thank you. How much did it cost in in totality to why you asking them of questions? Because she said she fought herself. Well it was really like a hundred thousand dollars special, but we got it done for about a third. Wow. You Did it with your Selfie. I know that's right. Yeah, we had to make it do what it do. So I did it with my phone and then we had some real cameras too, but for sure we did put that selfie shot in there because that was the whole, yeah. Yeah. So that shit went great. Can I cuss some hair?


Yes. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I aint got my first lady jacket on. I ain't know if I was, I don want to be like that, but yeah. Yeah, it just, it, we didn't raise all the money either. Like I did the GoFundMe, I'm thinking people was gonna gimme more like that girl that got hit head with the brick. Yeah, they gave her like $50,000. So I was like, let just ask for 20, like I asked for like 15 And I thought I would get like 20. You didn't have no tragedy though. Yeah. You gotta have a tragedy. Well I knew that I would've hit myself in the head with a brick had I not. No, I thought that just me trying to do it myself would be enough people was like, nah, You heard about that lady the other day. She called a kid a little boy, a nigga and she put up a goal for me and she brings over 600,000. Right? Did she get a million? Close To a million. Million million Now.


But yesterday it was, she's 700,000. Look. Mm. Okay. And I've been calling kids niggas my whole life Now that damn on my GoFund Me. But you know, it's, it's just crazy. And yeah, I thought a lot of people would kind of just donate to it. Like people I know with money And I was like, oh, I ain't even ask for that much. But motherfuckers was like, nah bitch. Yeah. You know, get it out the mud. And we did and it turned out it's really top five. I'm not even lying. In the last 10 years, what's your favorite comedy special in the last 10 years? Don't say Dave Chappelle because he, we all know it's Dave Chappelle, but Dave Chappelle aside. Mm. That ain't my favorite. But he, he top five, he's one of my favorites.


Dave. Dave Was one of my favorites. Sticks and Stones would probably be in my top five of the last 10. Yeah. Neil Brennan actually has two that I probably would put in my top. Yeah. Five In The last 10 years. Yeah. Who else? I don't know. I'm trying to think of the specials that came out. I don what else came out. What else? Out Selfer. So y'all got a new Emini here? Y'all don't have to know these. Joe Coy was a funny one, but I'm to think, I can't think of Joe. Nice one. I can't think of the ones that came out. Oh Damn. Andrew sho The life that's messed up that three of my top five is white people. But they were really was really funny. They was really good specials. It was good. Yeah. I like, I gotta watch, I gotta, I gotta really check in with self-serve. Yeah, You gotta, you gotta check it out. I gotta watch more standup. Damn.


Yeah. I'm trying to think Two of them in the last 10. It's crazy. Yeah, I think people are not really caring about comedy specials no more. 'cause people just been putting out garbage Anything. You know what, Emini here. So it's not special? No. Like people like okay another comedy special. But then it's like, okay, I don wanna Watch. I don't know any comedians who watch other people's specials like that though. Yeah. If it's a good special, we watch Keith Robinson had a really good comedy special. Different strokes. Oh yeah, different strokes was good. Different strokes were good came, right? Yeah. Yeah. Good. Yo and earthquake latest one. Even though it was like, it was like short but it was so good. It just came out like last year or two years ago. Earthquakes. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, people, I don't know. I guess people, well this one is real dope. So y'all could watch this one and then let me know.


It's just you by yourself. You got any openers you got? Nope. It was just me. Because you know how some people Yeah. Oh yeah. No, I had no openers. I went straight in. It was all me Then Kevin Hart was in it. Dope Charlamagne was in it. Yep. D Ray D was in it. D Ray. Who else was in Dope? Chico being DC Young Fly Was in it. Alright, Okay. I think people was in it. Don't nobody know. But when I had my cell phone, I really was getting that footage and was just put it in there. So, And then that shows the reality part of it. So what else is it? Did you, you go around in Chicago and Like every city I went to, yeah. So it was like half documentary, half special. Okay, okay. But filmed all by me.


So that was the running joke. Like I'm feeling my special, but it was really just me and my phone And, and that stands out. That's different. Yeah. So from that sets it apart from every other. So you got a couple of little sketches in between the comedy and you know, I don't know if anybody, anybody who follow me know that at, at my shows I do. Who nigga is this? I pull my phone out and take pictures of couples in the crowd. So I was doing that for spa show Uhoh this, this guy, he didn't wanna take the picture. He was like a old dude with a hat And I thought he was playing at first I was like, just take the picture. You know, everybody else, everybody else was smiling it. But yeah, he didn't wanna take the pictures. So his girl, the, they end up walking out in the middle of the special and we kept it in there. 'cause I told him, I said, we not taking this out.


You know, like she should have just really chilled out. Right. She walked out. The whole crowd was like, oh the cameraman followed her all the way out the room. So yeah, people were going in 'cause that clip went viral and people was like, oh you bogus for like taking pictures of people. Girl please. But look, that's more promotion And just stop cheating and sitting in the front row Emini here like, like a do sit in the back stupid. It don't take you side to no comedy show. Yeah. And I not sitting in no front. Where you going Sit in the front pictures I guess. I guess she probably about to tickets. But did his wife hit you yet? No, she, for her husband hit me yet and the lady said it wasn't that deep. 'cause I did talk to her after the show. Okay. I'm like, I'm playing that in there if that's okay with you. She was like, yeah, we deep. So yeah. What I, what I like about this special too, Dray Davis.


He was a EP on it. Yes. And that's big being that D Ray is from Chicago and you from Chicago. I like seeing people from, you know, each other's cities supporting each other in that way. How did he become an ep? I reached out. I said I need you. You know I toured with D Ray for like three years when I first started hitting the road. So I just, you know, I was hitting the people that I was cool with And I knew probably had it. So D Ray was like, no problem, what you need? And he was like, really? The about the only one. I love that. Yeah. So I'm like, that's cool. It happened how it was supposed to happen. He was the only comedian. You mean like that supported or That once me ep. Okay. Because I reached out to a few to be an EP on it. So yeah, he, he was down. How difficult is it coming up in the, in a, in the comedy game because it, it seems like you had a rough come up like people don't show up for you as much as you expect and You know, it, it's not even that.


I just think people feel like I'm okay if that makes sense. All these good, you don't need it. It's like, no nigga I do for this special. But everybody like, oh niches funny, she could do this. So I feel like it's more so that than I don't wanna help her. It's like, nah, she got it. She'll be okay. But then probably is this like the first time you've ever reached out for any type of help anyway because you not the type that really I don wanna do. Yeah. So I think they feel was like, no, you good. I don't gotta picture Like No, but I'm asking, I'm Asking nigga For a little put, you know what, Emini here. Yeah. So, but no, everybody really rocked me. It's been good coming up. Comedy's been real. It's been good. I ain't, I ain't got no complaints. Just that nobody gave me no money for this. That's my only Complaint. But No, but you Got what You supposed to get though. I did.


And It came out real good. So I couldn't have asked for a better, I'm very proud of it And I feel like it's real special because of the way I had to do it. How is and congratulations on Amazon Prime. How are they with pushing it? Like marketing? How? Well it's not an Amazon Prime. Original. Original. All the marketing is still on me. So we still, we still marketing. We had a Times Square billboard. Shout out to Fair ENT and Pierce, she got us billboard right in Times Square. So we, we still pushing. We just pushing. We gonna be pushing, we gonna do promo. Gotcha. We doing like a watch party tour. So we did with screening last night at Hannibal's New Club.


Shout out to Hannibal Isola. So we did a screening there. Hannibal Birth. Hannibal Birth. Got a comedy club. He up here now? Huh? He's up here this morning. He in there Now. Where at? In the back. Oh, that nigga must have been hiding from y'all. He he In the green room. Is he? That's so funny. He here. Okay. So yeah, we was at H Club last night. That's why we all hung over. So, And We're probably dunking people from Chicago. He like Hung over Hannibal. Like I hann like I'm here because I'm trying to avoid people from Chicago. Yo. So Hannibal looked out too. He let us do the screening and all that. Did You really get kicked out of a weight loss camp? Yeah, they, if you drink, they kick you out the program. Drink What? Liquor? Yes. You Have liquor at the camp.


How you Get, well no you can't drink. It's, it's a, no, it's strict no liquor. It's a program. So I How do you get caught? Because people take pictures of me when they're drinking my, because they're stupid And I tell 'em don't post nothing. So I think they be stalking my, my Instagram. Dang. What, what was the weight loss camp for? Like what? Well I what to get this back down. Well I know what was it for? So I won't rip this blazer in hand. Dang. I've never been able to close it. Right, right, right. Okay. Hey yo, I guess I'm asking like where, where was it at? Like was it a, was it for a show or was it was like an actual Oh, like, No, like we out weight loss camp. Biggest Loser? No, it's, it's a, it's a weight loss camp.


They got like seven of them in the city. So it's just a program. Yeah. We wasn't actually like, we wasn't climbing up roads and shit that Did you try again after getting kicked out or you a banned? I Always try, but I feel like they need to let liquor be a part of my program if they could incorporate like a couple of shots. 'cause that's a zero carbs. But why you can't drink though? It's not like it's a rehab. Yeah, well It slows your metabolism and it fucks with your results. So They see you eating the candy ball when they kick you out. No, exactly. That's my point. Right. But yeah, they they, they have you on the liquor And you already had paid them. Yeah. They don't get your money back either. What? Just kick your fat ass out Track. That's Crazy. But you know, it, it did help because they probably Feel like you paid to be here and you ain't taking it serious.


Nah. Leave. It's Like I take it serious. I just want a couple shots so. Right, right. Do with that what you want, but, And I feel like you ain't, Ain't even that big niche. Right. I that sounds crazy. Five pounds charlamagne since The last time. Okay. Okay. Seen y Yeah, I jumped rope. I'm a fitness instructor now. All What? Single instructor? I'm a fitness instructor now. I do jump, I don't know if y'all probably don't follow me, but I started these jump rope challenges two years ago And I just did a hundred days of jump. I jumped rope every day for a hundred days. Oh that's so my bad one. For how long? I usually hundred Days. Oh, how long a Day? Oh, I shoot for 500 jumps but most times I go longer but minimally five, a hundred jumps that take about 10 minutes.


Not even. Right. Damn you just jumping. Just listening to music. Jumping, sitting down. You know, I take my time. How the Hell you jumping? Sit down because Like I take A break, she rests Jess. I like come on shit. It'll be 500 straight. No, no I don't do 'em straight, but if I have to hurry up and get 'em done, I'll do like, I could do two 50 straight. Okay. That's just Doing too much. I don't try to force myself to do That. Just was like when you do 10 and, and sit down 10, take two hours. But I started doing that because it was something easy I could do every day. I just had to work on my discipline. And so I do small challenges. I would do like a 10 day, 14 day and people just watch me.


So like at the new year I said I'm gonna do a hundred and so January 1st I was like, I'm gonna do a hundred days to jump. And I did it so fast. Yeah, thank you. I did it And I got all these people now I just started a 21 day. Just Say it's a big challenge online right now. A lot of people are joining in on the challenge. Yeah. A lot of people joining in on the challenge. So it's 21 days jumping with just niche. So. Yeah. And they like, I don't know. So I guess I'm a, a guru. All right. You do what? Everybody else doing it just doing Ozempic, you know Mount Majaro? What's it called? I need a majaro. Something like that. I wanted to do some mo job. I don't Obamacare. They don't take that. Oh they don't? Yeah. Yeah. I just need a glass of care credit or something. 'cause I would've got those in. But I like the way you're doing it. Yeah.


I like the way you're doing it. It it's like a whole movement now. It's good for platform. It's positive. You know what Emini here it is empowering. That's what's up. Thank you. Yeah, for sure. Y'all could do y'all jump rope tag me? No, you need your jacket on Charlamagne. Like but also I was gonna say we're gonna start doing a, I'm gonna do like a joking and jump. Okay. Like Health Fest in August. Okay. I thought you were say a joking jump. I'm like, she gonna be jumping and telling jokes. You trying to pass The hell out. That's just so much. Yeah, no, it'll be, well I got some fitness instructors coming in and then I got a couple comments coming in. So we gonna work out and then we gonna tell some jokes so we gonna get on home. So yeah, we gonna, okay. Congratulations on your new man too. You, you got new bone?


Yes. I don know he's the same bull from last time, but yeah. Oh, okay. He is, it's like three years now. Oh, okay. Damn. All I didn't see, see I didn't see you last time you was here. I know you not, we've seen each other, but I ain't know you had a new man. Yeah, Yeah. I'm doing good. This one lasting. They usually don't last 'cause but what Made last So much? He understands the lifestyle of being a, like they a female entertainer is is tough. Yeah. It's always niggas, niggas, niggas, niggas, you know. So you just gotta deal with your girl being out and gone and around men. And Is he, is he in industry? He Not, he not in the industry, but he's an entrepreneur. So he gets that line out too. Is it, does he ever wanna come to shows?


Does he come with you? Is it hard to bring him around other Comedians? No, he, he's an extrovert so he's out and he's funny too. Okay. So he's out, he don't mind coming to a show. And I think that is what helps 'cause people who homebodies they be like, you going to another comedy show after the comedy show, then you gotta go. Yes nigga. Yeah, I'll see you when I get back. But that's what I'm gonna Ask you. So why do you think this one lasted so long? 'cause he understands you. He understands me and he understands that this is yeah, kinda what I gotta do. What I find interesting too is that you, y'all went to Jamaica to like, like ASAP after y'all met, right? Yeah, Right away. Like, Like how like you met him. How, how long ago? Three weeks. Three weeks? Yeah. And you trusted this man to go out the country? I needed a vacation, sir.


I gotta trust this nigga. I'm trying to get some days off work. But you know when you go on a vacation with somebody, you know they expecting the cheeks. True. And that's, That is true. That is if He paid for it. So three weeks If he paid for it, that is three Weeks for the cheeks. But yeah, y'all can have my business now. But yeah, Emini here we clicked. So it was chemistry right away. You Know, it's interesting 'cause you and Jess, 'cause Jess talks about how she ain't wait with her man at all either. So all of these people with these Joan Clayton 60 day, 90 day rule. Yeah, I don I don't, I don't think it gotta be no 60 day, 90 day. It's when we feel Like it. Yeah. It wasn't in three weeks for me. So that's good you held out sis.


Yeah, because it was the first date for me and, And y'all still together see? Yeah. I feel like the quicker, the better Baby engaged or married. I think they got married on The all that. Yeah. Yeah. I just feel like if if, if you feel a connection, it don't take no 90 days. It don't take two days. That's right. In your case. And you weren't nervous. It Instant connection And like Charlotte said, you weren't nervous at all going to another country with somebody that you didn't really know. Nah, I really liked the fight. You could fight and you know what was crazy? You could fight, You can fight in Chicago, you can Fight from Chicago. We had, we knew a lot of the same people like, so it was surprising that we didn't know each other because literally the circle of people. Oh, he's from Chicago too.


Got you. So his friends, I know his friends, he knows some and I'm like, how I ain't know you. Yeah, but I feel like I met him when I was supposed to. 'cause had I met him anytime before that I'd been like, nah. Now okay, you, you that you have, you always joke that you had two months to get married before you turned 40, but now you are 41. Yeah, I'm 40. I'll be 41. I'll be 41 in July. No, not your age. Emini here ain gonna throw that on you. Like you had two. She jokes about it Though, but you but honestly you don't look 40. Oh, thank you Mr. Ponytails. I don know it might be a little baby face. I don't know. You just don't look. Has the pressure eased off over time? Now that you 41 you like, yo, I'm not gonna put so much pressure on myself about It. Well, I'll be 41 in July. Don't put It on me just yet. So don't put that on me yet.


Yeah, yeah. But no, I still, it ain't eased off. I guess we had our conversation that we needed to have. So that made Oh, Y'all had a convo? Yeah, We did. So what was the convo? I understand. We all In the business right now. I know. Well the convo was, he knows that I wanna be married. Okay. And he wants to do it, but he wants to do it right the right way. Yes. Don't What's the right way for him? Do you know? Do y'all talk About that? Well man, I guess he wants to like do it up And I said I don't need all of do it up. We just need to be married. But he wants to be, he wanna do then What would your way to do it? Like if you were like, what would you want? Oh, I would rather go away. I like a destination wedding.


Yes. That. And then just go Get married and come back and have like a party like that. What if it's another city? What? It's another city. Are You kidding me? What's, what's up brother? Oh wow. Y'all kidding me. How are you king? What's up bro? Oh wow. Speaker to God. The God just popped in. Yeah, he Just, just walk. Oh. Oh my goodness. What is, oh, do it babe. Oh, as he gets on his knees right here. Oh my God. You gotta ask the question. You gotta ask the question.


Let's go Tanisha. Well you marry me. Yes. I just do this on a, Yeah. Congratulations. Yeah, king. Congratulations. Yeah. King Jess tearing up. Oh my goodness. Yeah. King, Y'all make some noise with the That's right. Nie. Wow. Oh, I got this fake thing on. I had some Oh y'all about this.


I ain't know a damn thing I did. I swear. I didn't know. I didn't know. I think they knew. The men knew. I didn't know anything. Yeah, we wanted your real reaction. Jess. Yo, That Is, congratulations. So sweet. That's amazing man. Well definitely check out her special now. Tell all your family and friends stop asking you. That's right. Her special Just niche self-serve is on Amazon Prime. I figure y'all wanna get back and do what y'all gotta do to do, you know? Oh my God. Congratulations. Congratulations babe. You congratulations. Can't have it all. Really? Can't have it all. You got your special, your husband do your thing y'all. Congratulations. Oh, the mic. Oh, Thank you. Are you still sitting down? Niche. Oh, okay. Huh? It look like you're still sitting down.


This Is crazy. I'm happy for you. For you Too. Thank You so much y'all. Damn. Y'all got me crack. I got a real nigga cry. Okay. She a real nigga cry. It's okay. Dang. Look over there. He over there looking like he can't wait to tell your ass I can't stop. I'm Eugene. Did you know? No. No. Yeah. Who Did you tell? Don't matter. How do we that Done? Thank God. Nisha like's. Like why you asking all these? I'm into. I'm like, well, congratulations.


Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey, Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Okay.


Have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason. It's the number one men's anti pers sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


It's almost Mother's Day. And you can now get anything you need delivered with Uber Eats. Well, almost, almost anything. So no, you can't order a relaxing shower, but some beautiful flowers. You bet we deliver those. A bird bath? No. A bath bomb. Absolutely. It's no to a chocolate lab, but yes to some chocolate truffles. So whether it's a last minute gift for Mother's Day, fresh groceries or food from your favorite restaurants, get it delivered today with Uber Eats. Order Now. Product availability varies by Regency app for details.


Taking control of your career Is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.