(0s):
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information always take care of cargo.

(33s):
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know and there's nothing by getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.

(1m 6s):
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.

(1m 36s):
You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.

(2m 6s):
I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.

(2m 37s):
Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J nv. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren, the Rosa is filling in for Jess. And we have our sister Angela ride with us this morning helping us out. You know and we got some special guests joining us. We have Dr. Jill Stein. Welcome. Hello. Hello. And Dr. Butch. Where? Good morning. Yes sir. Good morning. Morning. We in the building. Y'all are the Green Party presidential candidate and running mate. Tell the people what is the Green Party and how are they different from the Democrats and the Republicans? Well, for one thing, we don't take money from billionaires and bankers and APAC and Wall Street and the war machine. So we're a people powered party. That's what makes us totally different.

(3m 17s):
That's what liberates us to actually tell it like it is, and to stand up and fight for the people for the healthcare that we need as a human right for the housing that we need. Because half half of America right now, half of all renters are struggling to keep a roof over their heads. That's not a surprise. I'm sure to the listeners on this program, You know, 87 million people don't have the healthcare that we need. Our schools are in crisis. We got 44 million people carrying student debt and You know and a climate crisis. Yet we're spending half of our congressional dollars on the endless war machine, bringing us the likes of the genocide in Gaza and beyond. We got three You know nuclear wars in the making right now.

(4m 0s):
You know this is where our dollars are going. It's half of our congressional budget. It's $12,000 on average per household in America to keep this endless war machine going right now. Yet we have such urgent and dire needs, especially among communities of color and African Americans. We've got really critical needs that we need to be meeting, and that's what the Green Party is about, actually fighting for people, planet and peace over profit. What Would you say to people that feel like the, the Green Party is really taking votes away from Democrats and, and and, and it's a disruptor. A lot of people, especially a lot of older people, when you talk about other parties outside of Republican and Democrats, they say, oh, all they're doing is being disrupting. They're just taking the votes away from other parties.

(4m 42s):
What are, what are your thoughts on that? So That's kind of the propaganda of the power machine that wants you to stay in your place basically. And to think that resistance is futile and think that you don't own your vote. I mean, who owns your vote? Politicians have to earn your vote. They don't own it. And that's the question, are they earning your vote? You know when you actually look at our condition, people are facing a crisis really in every dimension of our lives. And it's not getting better yet. Our resources are being squandered. 68% of Americans want an immediate ceasefire and an end to the genocide, 68%. Yet you can hardly get a single vote on that behalf in Congress.

(5m 22s):
And you're, you're getting a standing ovation per minute for that war. Criminal net net, Yahoo You know who is carrying out this genocide, which could be ended with a simple phone call just like Reagan did from the president, just like Reagan did. Just like Eisenhower did before him. The US is in charge. This is our genocide going on right now. And don't let them talk you into voting for genocide. If. you vote for genocide, you're endorsing it. You're enabling it. We can stop it. We actually have the power. And I'll just quote two people, Frederick Douglas who said, power concedes nothing without a demand. The Empire is trying to talk you out of your demand right now. Now. But we have that demand. We have the numbers to make the demand. We got the solutions. We've got a system, we have an analysis which actually works, and we gotta stand up and make that demand.

(6m 6s):
They're trying to shame you and blame you out of making that demand that belongs to us. Our vote is our power and a democracy. Don't let them talk you out of it. And the second thing is Alice Walker, the novelist and poet who said the biggest way people give up power is by not knowing we have it to start with. We got the power If. you look at the numbers, If, you look at the values, If, you look at the solutions that are out there. They're out there really waiting for us to stand up and demand them. And if we don't You know that's at our, that's at our peril. It's not just that we're making a mess out of The, World You know we've committed some like 80 regime change operations. Yeah. Since the second World War. What's going on in Gaza is a, it's like a microcosm, it's like a symbol of empire and colonialism kind of run amok, but it's not the only place You know.

(6m 52s):
I mean, we've been rolling out slow motion genocides all over The World for quite some time. And You know this is catching up to us. We are no longer the dominant power around The. World power is shifting. We need to shift with it. We can no longer be giving marching orders to the rest of The World. We need to stand up like an adult and be part of a global community and, and a shared power structure And, and If, you can just tag me in right here, Jill. I'll go back to the first question. Right. How is it different? So when I was evaluating and got caught onto the ticket three weeks ago, okay, And I had done an Instagram live with Dr. Jill Stein. And I asked her a couple of questions. I had just posted a reel where Kamala Harris had been asked about reparations.

(7m 32s):
Kamala Harris, Kamala, okay. Kamala Harris had been, had been, had posted a reel about reparations. I posted a reel where she was talking about it and she was asked, and she, You know, sort of went around for about 90 seconds. And then she ended by saying, I will never do anything that only helps black people. In other words, it was a rising tide lift all boats. We're gonna have social policies and stuff that, that helps black folks by default. So I asked Dr. Jill in the, in the interview, what's your position on reparations? And she said, they behave as though it's incalculable, but it has been calculated by specialists many times. It's between 10 and $13 trillion. US And, I'm in favor of payments, cash payments to the descendants of the enslaved. So this had my attention with that, right?

(8m 12s):
The second point is I said, well, we know that you have been at the forefront of the struggle for Palestinian liberation and as an anti-Zionist Jewish white woman, that is a powerful statement. Especially seeing you get arrested at You know pro-Palestine You know rally. So I know where you stand on Gaza and we wouldn't be talking if, if If you didn't stand in that place. This was before I was on the ticket, but I said, what's your overall vision of foreign policy? And she said, to dismantle the American Empire. And I said, and yeah, and you better hurry up quick and do it before somebody do it for you. Right? That those two processes look very different. If, you take the trillion dollars a year that are being thrown away, murdering other people's children in foreign countries, and instead put that into investments in infrastructure, into social housing, into healthcare in this country, then that looks like a flourishing, prosperous future.

(9m 0s):
Not just for black America, but for all of America. Right? Whereas If, you continue to torment humanity with the, the, the most brutal imperialist state ever to exist in human history. Then we're coming up on a nine 11 memorial, right? Jill And I are gonna do something, a march in Detroit. Well, what did Malcolm say about chickens coming home to roost? If we keep exporting this violence all over the globe, then it is going to keep coming right back here to our homes. And that's something that doesn't just concern black and brown folk. That's something that concern all folk. Last thing that I'll say on this You know, in response to your to, to your question DJ Envy, I, I would You know one version that that we get of that question You know regularly is like, well you're throwing your vote away.

(9m 43s):
You know, right? That's the other version of it. Okay? And the thing is, is in this broke electoral college, and by the way, the Green Party stands for abolishing the electoral college. Okay? And so that hangover from slavery and bringing in rank choice voting in all voting systems so that you're not putting people on opposite sides where they bang on each other, right? The real criminal red and blue is not the honorable street organizations like the Bloods and the Crips, the real criminal gangs. Red and blue are the Democrats and Republicans. And right now they're being encouraged to bang on each other. In public If, you have rank choice voting, then people are gonna be drawn to the middle rather than drawn to, to extremes. But let's go back to the question about throwing your vote away in this electoral college system.

(10m 26s):
All y'all throwing your votes away. 'cause unless you live in one of them four or five swing states, it is already decided that your state is gonna go either blue or red before you ever get into the booth. So instead of throwing your vote away on Team Red or Team Blue, when it don't make no difference in the state that you in, why not vote for reparations now? Why not vote for a ceasefire now? Why not build power in a green party that is gonna give people an actual viable third party alternative so that we can get these thugs on either side of the aisle to behave like grown folk? Well, So you raise an interesting point around throwing your vote away. And there's actually numbers on that. Dr. Stein, you raised over $7.3 million for a recount in 2016.

(11m 11s):
A recount of votes that probably actually do matter in Michigan. For example, you acquired 51,463 votes. Of course Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton by 10,704 votes. And she lost by half a percentage point in Michigan, in Wisconsin, 30 1006 votes you acquired Trump beat Hillary Clinton by 22,177 votes in Pennsylvania, 49,485 votes. And Donald Trump beat her by a little over 67,000 votes. You engaged in raising money for a recount because our votes actually do matter. Can you talk about the results of that recount in those three states that I just named? Sure. And, and let me say that every vote counts.

(11m 53s):
You know. And we believe because every vote counts. That's why we don't want the electoral college telling us that some states matter and others don't. Absolute. We believe in, in terms of how we are conducting our campaign. We're in swing states, we're in red states, we're in blue states. We are all about building power and really helping to help people to grab the power that that belongs to us. The fallacy there, which is what You know, the Democrats in particular harp on and it's not true. The idea that votes for greens came at the expense of votes for Hillary Clinton. We actually know from, in fact from exit polls and just from talking to people, people who vote for us.

(12m 39s):
And it's about 61% of everybody who votes for us would not have come out to vote. So those votes didn't come from Hillary Clinton. And some of them actually came from Trump too. So If, you actually crunch the numbers. What you see is that the outcome would not have changed at all if we weren't in the at all. Yes, at all. No, no. Electoral college vote would have changed. Would've changed. Exactly. None. If you calculate the fact 60%, 61% of our votes would not have voted one bit. And of the remaining, I Would love to do that calculation, but the only thing is that I'd be glad to share it with you. No, no, I'm not actually, am I, I'm a lawyer 'cause I don't do math like that. But what I'll say is we don't really know that.

(13m 20s):
Like folks come in even, and you all know this too, from later let right folks will say that they're going to vote Ralph Nader, who was one of about six third party candidates in that election. Ralph Nader. But but you don't know what my point was going to be. Alright, go ahead. It was just gonna be that folks will say, and it's happened to Hillary Clinton, it's happened to Kamala Harris. It's happened to Donald Trump. Folks will say in a poll that they were going to vote or they are gonna vote for this person. That's True. They never a but, but we also know that one out of every three voters did not vote in the last presidential election in 2021, out of every three eligible voters chose not to vote. And who were they? They were largely disproportionately of color. Young and low income.

(14m 1s):
Exactly. The people to whom our agenda speaks. Yeah. So You know a lot about voting is indeterminate and it's not gonna be predicted by polls. 'cause polls, You know are are by definition people who tend to vote. Sure. But what we're talking to are people who tend not to vote, don't they also deserve a vote? And let me also cite the statistics that show the numbers are off the charts right now in terms of people who want other options. This is sampled every year by Gallup and and also by Pew. But Gallup shows that the numbers now are 63% who are saying that the two parties, the two parties are doing such a bad job of serving the public interest. That 63% say we need another option, we need another major party.

(14m 47s):
So it's like amidst all this indeterminate stuff. Yep. And you're absolutely right. You can't predict a lot of this. Are we gonna clamp down and say therefore shut down choices, therefore shut down options when that's what people are demanding. Who and why are people demanding it? Because they've been thrown under the bus for long enough by both parties and they really want other options. So what we're saying is let's give people those other options if you're concerned about splitting the vote. So-called Spoiled elections. There's a solution for that. It's called rank choice voting. We have been pushing that for 20 years and the Democrats keep shutting it down. Why do they shut it down? Because they want to extort your vote. They wanna be able to use fear campaigning and smear campaigning because they don't wanna face charge the music.

(15m 29s):
Oh, it's hardly a new charge. Can, can, no, we can document that. Can I also just jump in greatest? I know the question wasn't, wasn't addressed to me. No, of course. But yeah, I just wanted to, to add a piece to it. And this is, this has come You know since like I joined the campaign, reached out to to, to colleagues, Dalia Mugga ahead, key researcher at ISPU Institute for Social Poly Policy and Understanding. So these are publicly available numbers. And this goes to the heart of the question that you asked about previous elections, but it's about this upcoming one and then it's about like where we actually are. So key swing states, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Georgia. Okay? These are all for, for demographic purposes, essentially the same state, similar proportion of African Americans, similar proportion of Muslims.

(16m 12s):
There's little differences in in, in the way that they're comprised. But specifically for the Muslim and black populations, these are, these are very similar states. So in 2020, Joe Biden received 65% of the Muslim vote in those states. And Joe Biden would not have won any of those states without getting that big majority amongst the Muslim vote. Okay. January 20, 24, 12% of the vote according to polling? According to polling, yes. From 65% to 12%. Okay. And the polling says Wawa Gaza, right? So, so 80% of the people that have have bailed said that Gaza's, the reason, even if that's for people that were Trump voters, that's for people that were Biden voters.

(16m 55s):
The Muslim community has already been lost and it's not coming back. And the thing is, is that in those swing states, you are never getting the Muslim vote vote back. Which means in point of fact, if we know this, then the Democrats have for sure known this, they are not winning any of those swing states without those Muslim voters. You don't think they're gonna show up in November? Impossible dead man walking, bro. Like I'm serious. It is a zombie. Well, they will show, but they're right now they're looking like they're gonna be, they're, Yeah. So yeah. So that's the point. So Dalia appointed to say yes for you all are gonna get books. So, so, so that's what they're showing is that that's well Documented Now it's, it's, it's upwards of 70% of those that are walking away from, from the Democratic party are walking towards third, third party candidates. So in point of fact, only about 5%, 8%, I'm just, there were two different numbers from two different points in time that Dalia had cited.

(17m 41s):
So it's somewhere between five and 10% are going towards Trump. It's a very small number, a very small number are remaining uncommitted. The overwhelming majority are going third party. And this was before it became clear, right, that the Green party was going to be the strongest of those three parties. So then another poll run by the council on American Islamic Relations Care showed just last week that, that in the Muslim community nationwide now, now not just talking about those three swing states, but Nationwide had us polling neck and neck with, with Kamala Harris. And actually a new poll was just released that came out this morning. I didn't get the chance to verify it to see whether it's a scientific poll or not, that we're now leading in that race. You guys are in, you, you're saying that you're competing in red states and absolutely battleground states.

(18m 24s):
I'm sorry y'all, y'all jumping into, but it just No, This is like, this is a dope interaction. So let's keep going You know what I'm saying? Like for real, You, there are at least 13 states Yes. Where you all are not like on the ballot as folks would have to write you in or they're, you're, it's still contested. You're actively petitioning, for example, to be on the ballot in Rhode Island. So in those states where there are also Muslim people who you're saying you're winning over based on a poll that you're gonna find the information for, what options do they have? Because this is, if this is a 50 straight state strategy, y'all are short by 13. So Ones so in every state except for three, there are three states that don't allow write-in write-in campaigns, but write-ins are doable campaigns.

(19m 11s):
Joe Biden himself won a write-in, in New Hampshire. 'cause he was not on in the primary for various reasons. Primary, yeah, right. But even so in, even in a primary, he ran a write-in campaign and did fabulous. So having the ability to do a write-in if the community's really motivated. And In Wyoming, Wyoming, North Dakota, Kansas. But in the overwhelming majority states, we are actually on The ballot. But we're on, we are, we will be on as write-ins in all the states with the exception of I think it's South Dakota, Indiana, and Oklahoma. That's right. Those three states. But, but we are on the ballot not write-ins. Yeah, sorry, go ahead. Well, so we will be a choice, an anti genocide, anti-war pro worker, pro reparations, climate emergency choice.

(19m 59s):
And the only one which has nationwide status. We will be on the ballot for 95% of voters. That is more than enough to win an election. But You know, I don't wanna just focus on winning the election. This is an odd election. And I would not rule out a win. But that's not the only reason to run every vote cast for our campaign is a vote against genocide. It is a shot across the bow of the endless war machine to say that we, the people are getting organized, we are moving forward, we are growing. We have organization and infrastructure that we have never had before when we've never been able to break through like we are now.

(20m 41s):
Because greens have been ahead of the curve on a lot of things like climate change, on reparations, on healthcare as a human right, on housing as a human right, also on, on Gaza and genocide. We've been very much ahead of the curve and on cutting the military budget, we're spending as much as the next 10 major military budgets around The World. Right now we're more than all 10 of them put together. We can cut our military budget, which is not benefiting us here in America and put those dollars into what we critically need right here. And right now we should have, we, we need to be raising the floor for schools across the country. Why should this quality of your school depend on luxury housing in your community?

(21m 26s):
Housing should, the schools should not depend only on property taxes from housing. That's right. The federal government should be in the business of raising the floor so that we have a common standard across the country. So regardless of your zip code, you have good high quality education where you're starting out things like that is where we need to be spending our money. Not on endless war, on genocide, on killing children, on massacring women and children every day. You know the police violence in this country. We don't need that police violence. And there are alternatives to that that can actually move us forward. Yeah, Go ahead. You were a candidate in 20 12, 20 16, right? What's the difference in 2024?

(22m 7s):
Oh man. It's, it's the difference between night and day. You know, it's the thing about being ahead of the curve and then the curve catches up to you. Curve is catching up to us on all the things, really our agenda, in fact, the agenda that we've been putting forward since 2012 really is the progressive democratic agenda right now. Healthcare is a human right. Housing is a human right, reparations to the extent that they give lip service the green New deal, the first place. Yeah, it sounds like She wants to happen If. You're not planning to win an election. Who said We wasn't planning? Well, what I heard, maybe I was saying it's not the only exactly. It's not The, it's hard to understand as a Candidate to hear that from a candidate. It kind of gives like, well why are you here then?

(22m 47s):
It does Sound, it does sound like you might as No, no, may, may I go in on this, please. Because I would not have joined this campaign. I would not have come out of like You know, prestigious position in, in the academy and organizing if I didn't think that we had a chance to win this fight. Look, I'm a converted to Islam. After reading the autobiography of Malcolm X at age 15, Malcolm brought me into knowledge of self, brought me to, to Islam, schooled me on the black radical tradition. I've been teaching and building this community. I speak fluent wall off lived in West Africa for years. I got a good life and I'm not coming out of of of that in order to play no spoiler. So I was raised in that black Muslim tradition and just like Muhammad Ali, I came in because I believe we have a chance to shock The World, And I know that the, the, the deck is stacked against us.

(23m 29s):
But this right here is part of our strategy, right? Because what happens is, is that when people hear this agenda and understand that we're talking about erasing the gener gen generational wealth gap now, right? Having a bunch of black wall streets and new tulsa's that we can establish now, not another a hundred years, not going with your hands out to the Democrats like Malcolm said, where they You know, treat you like a political chump. You put them first, they put you last. As Malcolm said, we erase that in this generation. We build black businesses, black Wall Street, and they can't burn it down this time. So by appearing in a form like this, what is gonna happen is we're gonna get on a debate stage. And when this woman goes up on a debate stage. Exactly. Well, who knows?

(24m 9s):
But the point is, is that as soon as we are in the mainstream media conversation tonight exactly, we, we have a watch party tonight. You Guys have a response. We'll be doing a Response. We did not meet the qualifications for incorrect, Incorrect the qualifications established by, by a, an exclusionary framework whose goal is to silence and throw off the ballot. I don't that's what it's, I think it's voters 15% threshold for you to be polling at at least 15%. Well before that, there wasn't a 15% threshold when this was run. That's in consistent, when it was run by the League of Women voters before it was hijacked by the private corporations of the Democratic and Republican parties before they were in charge. It was whether or not you actually were going to be a choice for enough voters across the country that you could potentially win the election.

(24m 55s):
So we have satisfied that criterion. The basic criteria, I mean, as a voter, I think because polls are self-fulfilling, they're self-fulfilling prophecies. If you're in the poll as determined by whatever You know private polling agency, If, you are in the polls. People are gonna know about you if you're not even being polled. People won't know. They don't, They do not predict outcomes. They produce them. People are saying if people are, are screaming for other choices, don't they have a right to hear those other choices? I think they do. But I think that what you're, what you have are people that need a certain level of validity to the campaign of of course I will course you will not hear Donald Trump or Kamala Harris tonight on this debate stage saying, Hey, it's not just about us winning.

(25m 35s):
Winning is everything. And even if we, even if we wanna say, hey, this shouldn't be a binary choice. I grew up also by, raised by an activist. My dad brought home the You know the, the picture of all of the parties in South Africa show you right? A multi-party. Democracy is great. That's not, we have, we have a binary choice between Say so constitution, but the American, it's not in the constitution. The American people constitution, the American people don't want that. The American people are explicitly on records in absolutely unprecedented numbers saying we want other choices party. Not only do people want other choices, they wanna hear their choices. I do, I do, I do believe in a third party. I think we need other options. But it does seem like you all have a lot more smoke for the Democratic party.

(26m 17s):
And I. Just wonder why. Yeah. So if I, if I can jump in on ahead that particular point, so, so to, to kind of finish the previous one, I absolutely would not be in this race if I didn't think that we had a chance to win. I wouldn't waste y'alls time. And I wouldn't waste my own time. So that's, that's, that's number one. We have had to, up until this point in time, target the Democrats specifically because they're the ones that are suing to keep us off the ballot. They're the ones that are trying to knock us off the ballot in Georgia. They're the ones that are doing everything they can Adam, to keep us from coming Wisconsin. If we were not a problem for them, A OC wouldn't be You know doing her little, sorry, attack ads. You know against us You know that we came back at. So, so the Democrats are attacking us, we're responding in kind, just to be plain about this. The reason why they don't want Dr. Jill Stein on a debate stage is because she will be able to look at Team Red and say this is a party that is led by a domestic terrorist and a criminal.

(27m 5s):
Okay. Tried to overthrow the government on January 6th and is convicted of numerous crimes including sexual abuse that, that, that that amounts to rape and so forth. So this man is a domestic terrorist and a criminal. Okay? She can look to Kamala Harris. Kamala Kamala, sorry, come on. Come on my brother You Know me. Hold on. No, it's, it's, no, it's honest to God, no disrespect to be, to be, to be perfectly honest. It's just the way that I had gotten used to pronouncing the name because it resembles a name that is used in West Africa. That's Not But you understand the point of getting it right though. Absolutely. You have to brother on the team with the other, you gotta ab Absolutely. I will not make that mistake again. Okay. I'm begging. I love Seeing black men jump by black women. No, No. Hold on, hold on.

(27m 45s):
It's not me. Listen. No, no. Listen. My edges just, it's just triggering. It's just triggering it, triggering It. Listen, listen. Richly deserved and if I act a full check my black ass, that's fine. Like no, like no joke. Like I expect to be held accountable by my people, whether those are black folk or Muslims. So that is all love and it is all welcome. You're not gonna get no pushback from me on that. So where was I? She will turn to Kamala, okay. And be able to say this person is actually a war criminal in the following respect. The ICC And I CJ have made rulings that the Zionist entity, the state of Israel is an illegal apartheid state, okay? Conducting an illegal genocide in the midst of an illegal occupation.

(28m 29s):
And that anyone that provides material support to those things is actually complicit in war crimes. So you will say that there's a domestic terrorist on team red and a war criminal on Team blue. One party on this stage is not led by a criminal. One party on this stage wants to restore power to the American people, give a viable third party al alternative. And just to return to the point, yes, I do want that shot at their chin and I'm coming for Trump, like I've already got my game plan laid out for Trump. You know Trump thinks he can do nicknames. I already tagged a oi Pelosi, right? That that and, and the, the, the reels have already started with that. So I'm coming for Trump. But the reality is, is that we have had to get the Democrats out of the way 'cause they're trying to keep us off of ballots.

(29m 10s):
But yes, go ahead. The question Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead Lauren. When you talk about a OC though, and it sounds like you have issues with her, right? Yeah. Her whole thing is like you guys, according to what she's saying, that it doesn't add city council seats, state electives. She's wrong. Non ballot candidates. She's wrong. 1500 have seen 15. How many Total? Yeah, because well how important, 'cause you hear for the people. How important is That point? We're not, we're not growing, we're not running for lower office and that we disappear except every four years we come out for president. Those were her claims and they're absolutely false and misleading. She should know better. 'cause she was actually campaigning for local, local Green in 2017. She said as much she ought to know better. No, what she talked about was the Working Families Party. But that is not a third party.

(29m 51s):
It is both, it is a second. What she mentioned was the Working Families Party, her third party. And what that does, that is a second ballot line. It's not a third party, it's a second ballot line for the Democrats. And it runs people who are already Democrats or they're independent on their way to becoming Democrats. And the main thing about working families versus true independent non-corporate political grassroots parties, we are under attack by the Democrats in particular. And that's what You know. It's the Democrats, it's not the Republicans. That's right. It's the Democrats who bragged starting back in March that they had, they now had an army of lawyers to basically exercise law fear, looking for trivial details where they could do a gotcha and get us thrown off the ballot, violating the spirit of the law to basically eliminate their competition.

(30m 40s):
They have also advertised publicly for infiltrators and spies to mess up our ballot drives. And they also hijacked our public funding $300,000. I know it's not a lot in the scheme of what Democrats and Republicans run on, but we are a grassroots people powered low budget part party. That public funding meant a lot. And that's, that's part of the reason why we're not on in three in three states. I just have a question. And I would want all of y'all to chime in on this. Is it fair to call the vice president a war criminal when she's actively calling for an end to the Warren Gaza and she's just the vice president? Well, it's lip service. You know. I mean, she could what James Bald would say. I can't believe what you say. 'cause I see what you do.

(31m 20s):
You have the power to influence policy now. Sorry, but she's the vice President though. I mean, and to your point, but she could At least speak out. She could speak out You know, but she is, no, she's what she let up conventions. She, in the same way that Biden does, Wouldn't let Palestinians on the stage. We talking about Not a single one Where they held 'em off and where they, they slaughtering them like animals in Gaza and then they muzzle them like animals at the Democratic Mass. Even when they are faithful supporters at the party and of their candidates, they still would not allow a single Palestinian to get up and talk about just to humanize Palestinians. So it means nothing to call for the end when you Have, well, When you have Biden is already doing that. He's already doing that. And Kamala Harris You know, spoke a little more from the heart about the plight of the Palestinians, but not any different whatsoever about what to do.

(32m 6s):
Basically she said that You know our support for Israel is undying. It's You know it's an absolute, we will stand by Israel no matter what come hell or high water. 'cause both parties are bought and paid for by APAC in the war machines. So that, that, that that's the thing. Their, their souls are folded on tiny little pieces of paper that are buried deep in the pockets of Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, and apac. I'm not, I'm not even, I'm not even playing with you. And, and lemme just say this because, because I don't know if I'm gonna get the chance to say this in another venue where it will matter this much as a historian of like anti-slavery resistance movements in West Africa, in the diaspora as a historian of the black resistance tradition in Continental as well as diasporic Africa.

(32m 49s):
I am personally offended by the way that blackness is being weaponized in this electoral cycle in order to justify white supremacist genocide in Gaza. Expound, please. Okay, so, so Malcolm And I wanna follow that too? Please go ahead. So, so Malcolm X my mentor, And I didn't meet him, but, but read the autobiography of Malcolm X. Yeah, Malcolm said of Zionism of the, the, the, the Zionist state, the Israeli state. He said that this is a white Jewish population, the Ashkenazi population being given power by white imperialists to remove brown Arabs from their land. He said, so therefore Zionism is white supremacy. In 1979, open letter to the born again. James Baldwin said the same thing. He said, the state of Israel was not created for the salvation of the Jews.

(33m 32s):
It was created for the salvation of Western. Okay, so when you go through Kwame tore Malcolm X, James Baldwin, Tony Morrison, Angela Davis, asada Shakur, these are all people that, that cited the Palestinian resistance, not even to bring the Africans, right? Not to mention Nelson Mandela, not to mention Thomas Skar, who talked about Zionism as being the face of imperialism in the Middle East. Right? This is what the black radical tradition taught me. And the black radical tradition taught me that if we weaponize our blackness in favor of white supremacy, then we become apostates from blackness itself. Because blackness is not a race. It is an oppositional ideology to white supremacy.

(34m 13s):
I'm a historian of Africa by training, never before in human history, had people speaking hundreds of different languages, made themselves into one people developed a common culture so that you, And I can relate to one another. You And I can relate to one another on, on the basis of a shared culture. And, and we got our Latin and Caribbean brothers and sisters You know, especially Puerto Ricans and Dominicans. But hey, but also You know more broadly, right? They share in that culture that is a miracle. It's never happened before in human history. Because what happened is, is that an oppositional identity to white supremacy came into being and that is us. And, and, and when I see that identity now being weaponized to justify the most heinous genocide in our time, like Harriet Tubman is rolling over in her grave right now.

(35m 2s):
Soldier in her truth is rolling over in her grave right now. Bell Hooks is rolling over in her grave right now. Who did I miss? Do You know what I'm saying? The idea that we would weaponize something as sacred as black womanhood and then utilize this to justify blowing, blowing The Palestinian is No, you tell, tell me. No, you tell no you, you Hear what I'm saying? What I'm, I'm hearing, 'cause I wanna make sure I clarify before I respond to it, is that because Kamala is a black woman and she's running as a black woman and she's not speaking out against things that you want her to, she's using her black womanhood to No, I I think so. So what I saw is I saw a lot of black abolitionists of both sexes, of all, of all of all gender identities.

(35m 44s):
I saw a lot of black abolitionists going hard in the paint at Joe Biden, right? And then as soon as Kamala was at the top of the ticket radio silence, all of a sudden people that you could count on that were solid through and through as abolitionists suddenly become apologists for empire. Have you Thought about why? Yes, Of course. I've thought about why, Why is that? Why is That? The the reason is, is that we have this aspirational hope that is related to like black achievement and black power and black excellence. And it was weaponized in the Obama presidency. But so let, so Let me let, could it be something else? Please? Could it be educate me? Could it be I know her? Yes. Could it be that she is someone who listens to voices on all sides? Could it be that when the opportunity you can turn your head, but I've been in the room.

(36m 26s):
No, no. I, I I I you could turn your head, but I've been in the room. Dr. Ware don't be disrespectful Dr. Way. You're not. No, no, I was, but, but I'm just saying in the room. I, I was actually not turning my back. I was looking to see what this response, what the response on the other side of the room was Just over here engaged. Because I can't, I can't see, I can't see the people that are behind me. So no disrespect, shouldn't, We're all having healthy conversation by nobody's against anybody. Ain't never turning my back on Angela ever again. I Lemme finish up door part the last thing that I need. You see what I'm saying? The last thing that I need is this sister making me an enemy. No, you're not An enemy.

(37m 1s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road. And the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configurations. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo.

(37m 53s):
I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From College to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.

(38m 48s):
The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet

(38m 51s):
Coke. This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the Victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current, Here are episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts

(40m 2s):
Parents. Are you looking for a screen free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids' Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(40m 52s):
I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.

(41m 53s):
I knew You was going there. Healthy conversation, conversation because It's part of the strategy. Don't, because I knew you was kind of getting your way to this and it's very disappointing to see you do that and then say Slow down. What are we how I finish? Go ahead. And. I would definitely like to hear. Could it be You getting a little nervous? I understand brother. No, I'm straight. It happens to me all the time. No, I just had to like, although be true, You know. Okay. Alright. Alright. Can't you don't, you don't Need to, you don't need to be protected from me. My words are not weapons. And actually it's just really to, yeah, to dispel some of the myths. I think that since you all believe in polls a lot more than I do, there are a lot of folks that are saying that they still are trying to get to know Kamala Harris even clearly how to pron Pronunciate her name.

(42m 39s):
Pronounce her name. Yep. So what I would say is it could be that they've seen an opportunity for, for negotiation, for hearing another, another perspective could be, I've been in the rooms with her on justice reform issues and others help to convene those rooms where she's been more open. Because what we do know about how politics works is that it can't just be this wish agenda. I I love a lot of what you all have on your agenda. I'll call it the after seven ready or not agenda. I'll give you the sun, the rain, the moon stars mountain. But there's really a Wait who, who called it a wishlist? You mean the, I'm calling it that the same people that spend a trillion dollars of y'all's money blowing up. Other people's kids are saying it's a wishlist to have an actual social program.

(43m 21s):
I think, I Think, I'm sorry. That's Propaganda man. That's Propaganda. I think it's not propaganda. I'm saying it because it's, I've worked on Capitol Hill. It's very difficult to get what you're trying to achieve. So just for example, Jill, Jill can talk about what you can do just from the executive office. Dr. Ware? Yes ma'am. Thank you. Just for an example, I'd love to know how many members, how many voting members in the United States House of Representatives. So we have been blocked. The Democrats, how? Off the ballot members, they interfere. They put spies and infiltrators on our Campaign. How many voting members Compare us? No, no, no, no, no, no. Answer the question. How many voting members in the United States House of Representatives, Republican, Democrat, and Independent?

(44m 2s):
How many total, How many total are there? Yes. What is it? 600 some You Know. No, it's 435 Plus a hundred in the Senate, right? A hundred. A hundred, yes. I said house representatives. Okay. A hundred in the Senate of those 435 in the house of the a hundred in the Senate. Okay, how many? Just one moment. I'm not trying to put you on the defense. I I'm just saying this because the Hill is my passion. That's where I grew up as a professional. Right. How many of them are Green party members? Okay. I know where you're going with this. No, I'm not going Anywhere. You're attempting To show that greens are powerless. I wanna make the point. I was not trying to show Powerless. Well, this is usually, this is usually part of that argument to say don't.

(44m 42s):
What was the point? Have you're trying to make Angela, what Was the point? I'm gonna before Dr. Before you rebuttal Dr. Stein, what was the Point? I wanna know how many voting members of the Green party in the house or the Senate currently exists? Currently There are none. However, If, you look at the American people, You know how many are voting against the genocide. Hardly any. How many are voting for healthcare as a human right? Which would actually save us half a trillion dollars a year. We, the people are not represented. So not being there is not a strike against the Green Party. Okay. And that's fine. How many of them right now, based on And I called it a wishlist? It wasn't to be offensive is, I have a wishlist too. I got one in the ideal man. I want dismiss. It's dismissive to refer to a party.

(45m 24s):
I'm dismiss what I'm saying. Not a dismissive language. I'm saying it's not dismissive. Hear my heart. Right. I heard your heart on the mis mispronouncing of Kamala. Hear my heart. Alright. Of, because there are none that currently exist. That means you gotta have allies. Absolute. Who are your allies in the house? Excellent question. Excellent. And y'all would've just slowed down a minute. Y'all had guns blazing. I told you it was a healthy conversation. We like, come on. We try to, we gotta do basic math child. Please let him finish. He won't be talking to me when he said that. But how many, how many poor the allies? Can you name some of your allies in the house in the Senate that would help to get this very aggressive agenda done? So Let me tell you how the agenda would get done. Yes. For one thing we need, can You name some, let her answer.

(46m 6s):
Yeah, I want my question and it'll get you answered names. We Talk about that. So what I wanna speak to specifically is town hall meetings, which used to require representatives to meet their districts. They don't do that anymore. They meet with their donors. Well, they largely meet with their donors. That's not fair. They're meeting with their donors like 90% of their waking time. They're hardly ever going to town hall meetings. I mean, we've been out there on the campaign trail. And when we mention this, we get nods all around the room, around, around around, especially from the opponents of, of genocide or from those who are demanding healthcare as a human right? Or from those who want rent control across the country so that we can actually have You know, have secure housing in this country.

(46m 47s):
There are so many things that the American people are demanding, but our elected officials are accountable to their donors. So you have a, you have got a catch 22 here. You have a very difficult system to change. How do you change it? You know and it only changes in a crisis. When did the third party come along? That is, it was the Republican party You know, which was the abolitionist party. It entered into the scene. You know, basically right before the Civil War. And they had been preparing for it running You know and before the Republicans there were other anti abolition, other abolitionist parties. But it's a long road to get there. And you have to work to get there. And You know. And then suddenly they burst on the scene when the time was right.

(47m 30s):
And right now we know that the American people are clamoring for other options. The other options like namely us, we are the major option on the ballot across the country. We are being denied airtime. We're being censored, we're being silenced, we're being canceled effectively, very much by an explicit plan through the Democratic party, which they've actually been explicit About. I that I understand that. And you've, and you've repeated that today. Dr. Stein. What I'm trying to say is with the, like the very aggressive agenda you have, I said to you all. Yep. I agree with a lot of what you have there. What I'm talking about is, as a political strategist, let me tell you On day one are, let tell you on day one Are your allies On day one we stop the genocide.

(48m 12s):
Okay. There's A lot. Are your allies Question. So there's a lot that I'm trying, but I can't get an answer to my question. Well, You, because You're so, Your, your your question however, denies the power that the president has as the executive. The president has a fair amount of executive authority to actually begin the process. So that process begins with stopping the genocide on day one, which happens with a phone call. It's happened before. This absolutely will happen, especially if we invoke the weapons embargo. So would you say that You don't need Allies on, on, on issues where you have executive authority? What you need are allies among the people, but you don't need the votes in Congress. And for much of this agenda to declare an climate emergency, which we have, the Colorado River is about to shut down.

(48m 57s):
We got people dying from heat, from You know inadequate food supply. People can't afford their food yet the major source of food in the US is in deep trouble right now. The Colorado river is within one to two years of shutting down that supplies the California shut agriculture system. What you mean system? It's, it's drought cannot, It cannot get into the system. It can no longer get through the outlets coming out of Lake Mead, which is where you have this big reservoir. It's almost too low to make it into the irrigation system to reach many states, but especially California agriculture, which supplies half of the fruits and vegetables for the us. So you think food prices are bad right now?

(49m 38s):
Just wait a year or two. They're gonna be in real trouble. So we would declare a climate emergency, which there absolutely is right now, You know we just had over a hundred days of over 100 degree weather in Phoenix You know we got weather conditions that have never happened before. We are in serious jeopardy, not to mention the storms and, and drought and the trouble for farmers and all that. So we declare the climate emergency and that immediately triggers the release of over half a trillion dollars every year, an emergency funding to begin creating that green New Deal that is an emergency jobs program. So no worker is left behind. So you're telling me The president could do that right now? Yes.

(50m 18s):
Could do that. Right now. The president, that could happen right now. And I. If I just add something that our can that our, our, our brilliant and talented campaign manager, Jason Call, who happens to be in the room with us. I don't know if the cameras wanna pan to him. So, so when we were having this conversation last night after, after You know, a, a similarly robust conversation with, with with Medi Hassan. The, the, we made the point and Jason was the one that brought this into the conversation, that if we do land that knockout punch that Muhammad Ali versus Sonny Liston knockout punch and we managed to get 34% of the electoral college votes in this country. Right. And we go from the 5%, It's 34% of the Yes. Of the vote. The actual votes, the actual, which would then Translate into, which would then transl translate into majority and the elector Electoral college.

(51m 1s):
Electoral college. Thank you for order to win election, the historian, because we've got a, a brilliant policy mind here. And, I'm still new to this And I and happy to be corrected by You know by both family You know and, and new family and likewise. Yes, exactly. So the point is though, is that if we move from that 5% You know that that, that we feel is basically assured at this point in time, that will lead to 10 million in federal funding to run the next election. So that we're not chasing You know behind. If we have moved to the point where Jill is able to make that phone call that we've moved from that 5% to that 34%, that will have mean that there is a profound mandate that comes from the American people with that office. That means that yes, you might have these You know intransigent entrenched positions on both teams blue and Team Red.

(51m 45s):
But what it will mean is that they will have to respond in a different way to Team Green if we have that kind of popular mandate. And that's why we're trying to take the case to the American people. We might fall short in in, in making that case. They may never show us their chin until we, where we get to throw that knockout punch. But in the meantime, we are able to consolidate power that can be utilized in the next electoral cycle and in subsequent electoral cycles to give the American people a genuine choice rather than just the two gang bangers. But When you talk about a threat to democracy, You know like Donald Trump is right, we can all agree on this. Yes, Yes, absolutely. What if because of y'all You know he ended up winning and then there is no more democracy for y'all to even have a chance to be a threat in The future. Yeah, so, And it's a good question.

(52m 25s):
We get Asked a lot. Yes. I mean Trump is out front, You know in interfering with the peaceful transfer of power. So a real threat to democracy. The Democrats on their end don't get a lot of, they're, they're not held accountable for this, but they're throwing their competitors off the ballot in advance of the election. Did they Really hire a bunch of lawyers? Oh, Tutorial off for three states. Oh yes. We can send you the articles If you like in the Washington Post and the New York Times. Oh yeah, I read 'em. They're bragging actually. They're bragging not only about the consequences, but even when their plan was launched back in March. They are bragging that they have hired an army of lawyers basically to find faults in our You know, in our petitions, in our electoral process of getting on the ballot.

(53m 10s):
So they, and we have their, we have screenshots of their ads, which they have since taken down, but they actually have ads advertising for people to manage infiltrators and spies into our campaigns. And then they actually did hijack $300,000 in our public funding, which we critically needed for the timing of ballot access. And that's why, for example, we missed Oklahoma because we didn't have the cash on hand to be able to pay the fee, which is You know what, what Oklahoma requires. Yeah. So yeah, they are pulling out all the stops and then they, they have, I'm, I'm sure a OC was being an attack dog there 'cause she was put up to some ridiculous story which really did not hold water. And I think was really quite embarrassing to her at the end of the day before her, it was Jamie Harrison, the head of the DNC, who was trying to smear me about being a Russian agent.

(53m 57s):
Well that was long put to rest by the Senate Intelligence Committee, which, which looked into that smear campaign for three years. Actually I had a detailed investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee. You understand where that came from, from Dr. Stein, given the fact that you were sitting at the head table with Vladimir Putin next to Michael Flynn, who was literally no, not next to Michael Flynn. No, not next to, at the Same table, at the table table with National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, who was found to have interfered with you Russia in the 2016 election and just months after You know, You know what my message Was, your Election. Do You know what my message Was? And what I understand from what you said is that you weren't able to give that message because there was no one to translate Message. Well, actually, but I was a major speaker at the conference.

(54m 39s):
What you saw was a photo from the dinner afterwards. There Was dinner party, you had the table with Vladimir Putin, Dr. Vladimir Putin came in and sat down for 10 minutes without translators At head table with You. Yeah. Well, not with me on the other side. The only person I could actually talk to because there was so much noise and music and entertainment going on, the only person I could get a word in edgewise to was the former foreign minister for Germany. Willie Wimmer, who was sitting on my right on my left. Tell me the contents of your speech too. And my speech, You know, made three points. My speech made three points. One is that we needed an immediate peace offensive in the Middle East and that Vladimir Putin needed to stop bombing Syria, which he had just begun doing.

(55m 23s):
I told him that he was following in the footsteps of US foreign policy, which was a disaster by way of trying to bomb our way to peace in the Middle East. The second point was that we need a global green New Deal because we have a crisis that impacts all of us. Yep. We need to move our money from the military to actually confronting our true real threat to our survival, the climate. And the third thing being, we need to get rid of the nuclear weapons. That too is a threat to our survival. And right now that is a law, that is a law of the land. The Nuclear Weapons Ban Treaty is now required by the United Nations. The vast majority of The World nations have signed on, but not the nuclear weapons holding nations.

(56m 6s):
Not Israel, not Russia, not the us, not China. So I was there to promote those three things, not just to Russia, but to The World press, which was gathered there. This is a Russian, This Russian TV dinner, which which American intelligence officials say is the Kremlin mouthpiece. And I. Just am curious If, you were there, you were sitting in, in this picture that I see. So I was there speak sitting across from Vladimir. So I speak to global media, including the Canadian broadcasting system, the BBC, China, India World, world media, to know that there is another constituency within the us. We are not all about being empire, about conducting endless war against black and brown people around The World and gin up nuclear weapons.

(56m 47s):
And we have, by the way, led the charge in dismantling the nuclear treaties so that right now we are risking nuclear war on three fronts. Did You know that one nuclear armed submarine alone contained the equivalent of 5,000 Hiroshima bombs? Nuclear confrontation is a threat to us all because of the nuclear winter thing. And there's so much which is not being addressed. There's so much which the American people deserve to know, including how much this is costing us. Can I read something? Can I read you something Dr. I I'm just asking. I'm great. It says engaging with foreign assets is a pattern for Dr. Jill Stein. Previously the Senate Intelligence Committee investigated links between Stein's 2016 campaign and Russia's efforts to interfere in the election.

(57m 29s):
While an indictment bought by special council, Robert Mueller found that the Kremlins Internet Research Agency had used social media to promote her candidacy. So that that has been Posted more than a thousand times. Oh yeah. I mean, so the, the Senate Intelligence Committee, they don't mention what the finding of the Senate Intelligence Committee was, which was that there was absolutely no fault on my part whatsoever. The question that was raised there was did Russian social media have an impact? And was I an You know, a beneficiary of that and the Senate. But He said you repeatedly parroted Kremlin views and posted a Campaign video from You know they consider a Kremlin view. They consider reparations a a Kremlin view.

(58m 11s):
Krem view. They consider the civil rights movement actually a Kremlin view. They consider racial disparities a Kremlin view. Those are Kremlin talking points. These are, these are, these are Department of Defense talking points. And these are unfortunately the DNC talking points as well, which repeatedly tries to smear me as a Russian agent. They called You know A useful idiot. Yes. And this has been very specifically, Let's just be blunt about that. Found lacking and the report Get this, the report that was initially used to supposedly show that Russians had a social media campaign supporting me that was written by a cybersecurity firm called The New Knowledge Corporation.

(58m 51s):
New Knowledge had to disband shortly after publishing that because they were exposed for conducting an interference campaign themselves in the 2017 Senate election in Alabama. And what did, how did they do that? They pretended to be a Russian influence campaign on social media. So they did exactly what they have accused the Russians of doing. They actually did and put it under the false guise of being a Russian interference campaign With Vladimir Putin or any of anybody on in the Kremlin. Anybody with in his team. Have you ever had any conversations With him?

(59m 31s):
I have tried to and have never been able to, but that has been my goal to actually advance each of these three absolutely critical issues. And in the words of John F. Kennedy, we must not negotiate out of fear, but we must not fear to negotiate. Look at the Ukraine War, for example, which is an absolute disaster. It is a war being fought to the last Ukrainian, no one is paying a steeper price in blood than the people of Ukraine right now. This is an absolutely criminal and tragic war. But it was completely avoidable even after it began. There were negotiations taking place under the auspices of Turkey, which brought together the various parties and you had a peace agreement between Russia and between Ukraine.

(1h 0m 13s):
And that Peace treaty was disrupted by the US and by the uk, which came in and said, no, you may not, you may not make peace here. The US has been invested in this unfortunately as part of our plan for the expansion of us influence following the collapse of the Soviet Union. It's a longer story. We don't need to go into it, but this is an absolutely avoidable conflict. You have to be very skeptical of the talking points that we're hearing. What from the Department, what does the Green Party have playing for America so that, because I hear a lot of geopolitical issues. What Is the Yeah. And, and and so I'd like to bridge between those by going back to something that you asked about, like Team Red. Right. You know how we appeal. So, so just to to be clear right, that part of the appeal to Team Red is to actually focus on America.

(1h 0m 58s):
So one of the things that that is a, a marked difference between the way that the, the, the corporate interest that control the Democrats and the corporate interest that control the Republicans are, are, are configured. Is that on the, the, so-called right into the spectrum. There are a lot more people that are interested in disengagement from Forever Wars and want to focus instead on domestic policy. So I think that that is one place where we can absolutely make an appeal and You know the appeal that Jill You know sort of framed. And, and, and I'll be blunt about this, like my, my grandfather Rudolph where senior he never, so yeah, I go by Butch, but I'm actually Rudolph where III You know my, my grandfather from Georgia father grew up in DC My son is also Rudolph You know. So, so we got four of 'em.

(1h 1m 38s):
But Rudolph Sr never would've voted for Democrats 'cause he didn't like that culture of dependency going with your handout. He was somebody that did things for himself. So the idea of saying we can cut your personal income taxes, we can cut your small business taxes because we're gonna make billionaires pay their fair share and we'll stop taking money outta your pocket and handle it, handing it to Raytheon by laundering it through genocides. Right. That we feel that that is something that will appeal to people You know, not just on the right, but like people that are not thinking about voting at all. That this is actually a really, really crucial point. And it is one place where Team Blue is absolutely speeding us towards World War III more rapidly than Team Red is. Okay. Team Red might be speeding us towards a kind of societal collapse.

(1h 2m 21s):
Right. And fascism. Fascism. Exactly. I don't want that. Right? No, no, but but the thing is, is that the truth of the matter is, is that imperialism and fascism are two sides of the same coin. One is the side that faces outwards and the other is the side that faces inward. And the, and And I made a social media post before I got brought onto the team that said it this way. Is that whether you vote Team Red or Team Blue militarized fascism wins because they, the APAC and the, the, the, the weapons manufacturers are patrons of both networks. And, and just to return to that point, right, I've been on campuses, I organized a, a, a Palestinian Liberation concert on October 21st. I organized a, a black and Palestinian solidarity panel at my local mosque on October 11th.

(1h 3m 4s):
Mm. Four days after. Wow. Like your brother was not backing down and the Zionist came for my job within the month. Okay. And You know a negro is still standing. So, but the point of all that is, is just to say that, that when, when we launched this, this campaign to try to actually bring people into this conversation, you see that this is actually where the American people stand. The American people do not want this forever war. And they do not want militarized fascists coming to their campuses to crack kids heads open. I had to stand out in front of the encampment and that's democratic governor in, in, in California. That's democrat You know mayors in, in places like New York City. It's Democrats that are running cop cities. So the thing is, is bro fascism is already here.

(1h 3m 45s):
It's just that that one of it is like fascism and the other is fascism. But the truth is, is that the purple fascist, the purple imperialist team red and team blue are run by the same funders and who funds you, runs you. So there's a, there's a discourse about putting off fascism, but the reality is, is that fascism was already here. 'cause we already can't speak freely. We already have people, university presidents losing their job under democratic regimes. We already have kids that are lining up for people peaceful protests, having their heads knocked open. Or you have the cops standing to the side at UCLA so the thugs can, can, can knock kiss heads open. So, so I'm sorry the fear migrant ain't gonna work on me. I, The, the only the only thing that, that I would say to you is I think it's very dangerous rhetoric to say there are two sides of the same coin.

(1h 4m 29s):
I do think it's important for us to understand, understood The Democrats. Yes. I think it's, well I think it's dangerous to all of us actually. Yeah, I don't have the privilege. We disagree. I understand we do on a, on a lot, but we also agree on a lot. But here's one thing I think we can't agree on. Either you win or lose this election. There's really no in between Dr. Stein facts. In 2002 you ran for governor of Massachusetts and you lost in 2004 you ran for state representative in Massachusetts and you lost in 2006 you ran for Secretary of the Commonwealth. You also lost in 2010 you ran for governor again this time against the first black governor in Massachusetts, Deval Patrick, you lost in 2012 you ran against this country's first black president with, and you got just less than one half of 1% of total votes cast.

(1h 5m 11s):
In 2016 you ran against Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton losing significantly with 1.4 million votes cast for you. But zero electoral college votes, which I agree with y'all needs to be abolished. But 136 million something people voted and you lost that election as well. So I wanna know what the pathway to victory is for you in 2024. Can't just Be, I'd like to provide a And I And I And I also, Can I respond Please? Harris And I would like to respond.

(1h 5m 53s):
This is the framing of the empire and the oligarchy and white supremacy and colonialism, which wants you to feel that resistance is futile. That's, this is about voter blaming. Lemme no, no to what you're not going to say is that I'm ever parenting anything at the hands of white supremacy. This is something that's very different. This is me asking you again, it's a binary choice In an election. I'm just pointing out that these are the Talking points win or no, it's not talking Point. These are the same talking points At the dnc. No, I didn't get my talking fight. This is not DNC talking points. This is my research. And sadly for you, the research says you have never won an election you have been successful in, in pushing forward certain agendas.

(1h 6m 35s):
Absolutely as an advocate. But, but you've never won an election as A candidate party. Is that a winning strategy party? So you, in order to win You know a journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. And in this case it's many steps. Let point out 5, 6, 7. Lemme point out please, you need to compare the Green party, not with those who are taking money from APAC and the war machine and Wall Street. I'm Comparing it with Your us Excuse me. You have to compare us to other grassroots support. She told me I'm a white we White Sac. She said I was pairing the time voice of a white supremacy. See, that's, that was my discipline. May I Finish please? May I, may I get, May I please Actually let Dr. Stein close it up.

(1h 7m 18s):
Yes, Please let finish please. Thank you. You're trying to compare us to the Democratic party and the Republican party with their billions of dollars or to the Working Families Party, which is not under attack as a people powered party, not taking money from Wall Street or the war machine or apac. We are on very different turf. But If, you compare us to all other similar parties which are not taking corporate money, which are not bought and paid for, which can stand up against endless war against homelessness, against the climate crisis, against the housing and the healthcare crisis. Campaigns like us who can actually stand up for the people they last exactly one to two election cycles and then they're gone.

(1h 8m 2s):
So we are actually the strong, the pillar of strength among people powered politics. And what have we done over that period? We have established the Green Party as the vehicle for people powered politics. We have also launched the agenda, which has been adopted by the progressive Democrats given lip service, not actually advanced, but whether you're looking at healthcare as a human right, launched by Ralph Nader as a national issue, reparations launched by our campaign as a national issue in 2012 If, you look at free public higher education bailing out students and ending student debt. You had Congress bailing out the crooks on Wall Street who crashed the economy, but not bailing out homeowners, not bailing out students.

(1h 8m 47s):
That agenda was launched by us. So I think it's not fair and it is the talking point of a OC the other day who is taking her marching orders from the DNC. This is exactly what they say. It is amazing to that we only running for president Women of color as parroting talking points instead of us looking at basic math. The one thing that a OC has done that you haven't is win some elections. And so what I'm asking you want, well, what I trying to say, If, you want any elections? That is one point If. you wanna tell me that you wanna let's talk push a more progressive agenda. Let's talk election If. you want If you want to talk about 15? A progressive agenda. You can do that not by running necessarily for president record as a state rep Candidate, As a Secretary of the Commonwealth candidate, as a gubernatorial candidate, as a presidential candidate.

(1h 9m 32s):
I hear this are woefully lacking. I Hear this, this I'm To consider going about it a different way. Instead of telling me I'm parroting white supremacist talking points. So I can Tell you perhaps you hear the facts. These are the facts. The numbers are not on your side. Right. Dr. Jill Stein. Let's with some closing remarks. Yes. You know on your campaign and then the honorable Angela, I you can end with your remarks. I'm Remarks. I've asked my Questions. So as Frederick Douglass said, power concedes nothing without a demand. It never has and it never will. Like so many other greens, I came from The World of social activism. I spent decades upon decades fighting for healthcare as a human right for racially just redistricting, which we actually succeeded in for getting big money out of politics and creating a public financing system, which we actually succeeded in in Massachusetts until the democratic legislature came in and invalidated the people's referendum, which had won by a two to one margin.

(1h 10m 27s):
They invalidated it on a voice vote and refused to provide the funding for it. I saw our movements being beaten back by the power, the political power of corporations and billionaires operating through the Democratic and Republican parties. I saw that over and over again. We are not making incremental progress forward. We're actually taking rather major steps backwards right now. You know the disparities, racial disparities, black and white disparities are actually not better at all than they were in 1960. In spite of all the You know hard work and, and the lip service that's been given to racial justice and racial equality. You know in Boston, in the Massachusetts area, the average household wealth of the African American family is $8.

(1h 11m 13s):
Considering debt. The average wealth of the Caucasian family is a quarter million dollars. And this is not unusual. This is where we are, we are stuck. If, you looked at the footage from the floor of the DNC, what you could see were the corporate suites, which started at half a million dollars each and went up to $5 million. This is the money running the DNC running the Republican National Committee as well. These parties have been bought and paid for. They really do not have wiggle room. We're not gonna fix this around the margins. We need to stand up and build a coalition. This was my experience as an organizer, a successful organizer on these many issues that I just ran through.

(1h 11m 54s):
How did we do that? You do it by building coalitions, but if your coalitions are only there for the moment, You know what, you can get the bill passed like we did with public funding of elections, but they're gonna tear it down. Then you need your coalition to, to be, to remain in power and to remain effective so that you're fighting to maintain your victories. So what I see us having done since I first was tricked into running for office in 2000, running for governor, I was tricked into running for office because I saw we were failing over and over and over again on our aspirations for You know, for racial justice, to fight white supremacy, to fight police violence, which also is getting worse year by year to fight for healthcare.

(1h 12m 35s):
You know the health disparities between African American and white population is about three years, three years of life taken away from African Americans. And that's before you add in the disparities in economic, in education. If you factor in education disparities as well that three years grows to 10 years a decade taken off the lives of most African Americans. To me, this was just unacceptable. I could not sit there and take it over and over again, especially after the Democrats reversed our achievements to get at the core problem, which is the, the, the corruption of money and politics. We solved that and they basically tore that solution to shreds.

(1h 13m 15s):
I could not stand there. That's when I got recruited to run for office because I began to realize this is about building coalitions. That doesn't happen overnight. It takes a lot of education. It takes a lot of work. And so I ran in that first race for governor, challenging actually MIT Romney who was running for governor on the Republican ticket and You know what we had to fight our way to get into a televised debate. But we did succeed because the turnout was huge in You know, in the rallies that were demanding to open up the debates. And that debate was opened up on one occasion and that debate took place in a TV studio. There was no live audience to like read. So it was just You know, speaking to the other people in the room, small number of people, the You know the guy behind the camera and so on.

(1h 14m 3s):
And my, the Green Party's proposals, which we've run through several times, went over like a lead balloon inside of that TV studio. And I walked out of there thinking, oh, well, at least I tried. But when I walked out, I was mobbed by the press who told me that I had won the instant online viewer poll, which we didn't even know was going on. And to me that was like a revelation that, oh my God, people actually agree with us. We don't need to change people's minds. People's minds have been changed by the desperate state of our economy by You know the incredible injustices by the police state that we're living in, et cetera. And it wasn't nearly as bad back then in the year 2000 and and two.

(1h 14m 45s):
So we at that point, it's like a curtain went up for me. And I saw, oh my God, this is not a matter of having to change people's minds. People are already there. It's just that people are denied knowing that there are options that actually empower us. So What's your website for people who want that option? Thank You. It is, it is Jill Stein 2020 four.com. And yes, check us out because this election is full of what shall we say, one eighties and unexpected developments. And we, the people deserve to be heard. We are demanding to be heard and we potentially have the power, if only the vote to stop genocide stood up to say, I will not hold my vote, my, my nose and vote for genocide that vote.

(1h 15m 27s):
Or the 87 million people who do not have adequate healthcare, or the 50% of renters who are struggling, who are just one or two paychecks away from being evicted and, and being out in the street. If those people stand up to vote for what we actually can have right now, this election will be turned on its head. And if we don't get to the White House, but we start on the road to the White House, that too is a huge win. So I really encourage people to follow the words of Alice Walker. The biggest way we give up power is by not recognizing that we have it. This is the conversation that the Democrats, the Republicans, the oligarchs, the war mongers, they do not want you to hear this.

(1h 16m 9s):
They do not want you to know that we have power. We have the power if we are willing to stand up and demand it. And in the face of a genocide it is a, A, a, a new coalition is being forged. It's being forged in this era of blood and destruction and world crisis. A new coalition is being formed to stand up for peace and justice. The institutional supports are coming outta the woodwork in a way that we have never seen before. This is my third race. We've never seen anything like it. And the mobilization of the Arab American and the Muslim American communities is a real example of a community that is standing up with the incredible courage of their convictions to say, we deserve better.

(1h 16m 52s):
We deserve an America and a world that works for all of us that is within our reach if we demand it. Well, thank You for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen. Dr. Jill Stein. Dr. Thank talking with all of you. Thank so much. Enjoy the debate. Great lively conversation. Thank you Angela. It wasn't supposed to be a debate at all, but it was good. It was great. It was great. Great. Its the best kind Of debate. It was great. Yeah. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.

(1h 17m 19s):
I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First, I explore the making of rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 17m 45s):
The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.

(1h 18m 26s):
I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that, then You know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.

(1h 18m 56s):
Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 19m 26s):
Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.