
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee. For details else,


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here and we got some special guests joining us this morning. We have Dontay Banks and we have Kevin Freeman. Welcome fellas. Good morning. How you guys doing this morning? Oh, This good. Tell the people who, well, who y'all are, first of all, so they give some context. I'm Dontay Banks, I'm little Dirk's father. And I'm Kevin Freeman. I'm the executive director for Little Dirk's nonprofit Neighborhood Heroes. Okay. Okay. Well how is Dirk doing first and Foremost? Oh, you doing great. Wonderful. I just seen him this Sunday, this past Sunday. His spirits up, he looking forward, you know, to his day in court.


Freedom as you know, as this gonna turn out to be releasing him. But he's doing great, strong in there. Now you have a story as well for people that, that don't know your story. You wanna put 'em onto a little of your story and, and who quote unquote Big Dirk is. Well, big Dirk is known as Chicago in the streets of Chicago. Not for good, you know. But back in 1993, I got caught in the feds myself, caught up in the feds And I received a life sentence and it took me almost 24 years or 26 years to get up outta there. So I spent most of my life, more life in jail than I did on the street.


And you got out at 2019 and at the time your son was this huge musician. Yes sir. So, so, so how did coming back into society work with you and, and and y'all? Because Emini here, you evolved. You've been in there for 24 years. 26 years and 26. Yeah. And you came home. So talk about that a little bit. I'm study right now today. Study learning even with the cars and the technology of the cars, the telephone, you know, I hit send, pick up and Tap. Still Trying to figure all the rest of that. It is just a little bit much Emini here. Even with the car, you know, I put it in drive and go, you know, make sure that the heat is working. But everything else, it takes some time, you know? And this is for everybody who's coming outta prison for that long time.


You know, all this gonna be new to us. It's gonna take us time to know, adjust to this new society. One of the things I tell everybody, I spent almost, almost about two weeks in Walmarts doing what? Just each aisle you're going from in prison, you're going from two soups. Now you going there, it's 20 soups, right? So you're sitting there trying to figure out, oh man, so many choices. You go in from one cereal to a whole chef of cereal and you're trying to figure out, oh, I never know these cereals existed. So you're going from hour to hour. It's all adventurous, it's all like going to the amusement park.


So many choices where you didn't have choices before. So it takes time to go through there and really just get some choices. You just buying stuff to be buying there 'cause you can get it now, these type of things here. So What was it like, you know, when you were locked up and Dirk is here or was out and he's climbing and he's rising as a star and you're like, you're, you're seeing it but you're not seeing it. But like you kind of, you're calling home, you're feeling it. Like what was that like? Oh, that was amazing. At first I'm on the phone as any father would, you know, go to school, get a trade, go to college, you know, that's so Old school, get a trade. That's been something like your parents said, get A trade. That's right. I don't wanna hear about this. Right. Anybody said they gonna be a rapper. You know, everybody said they finna play ball and different things like this, this, you know, that's every kid's dream, right?


So I didn't really take it serious. I'm focused upon what I know to be a true career. Correct. You get something up under your belt and every time I want to rap, I want to rap. And then I asked his brother, his older brother, which was D thing at the time, Dontay Banks Jr. I said, is he good? You know, is he good? Is he gonna go anywhere with this? He said, yeah, he's good. And then it was on one, oh, what was that? 1 0 6 and Park 1 0 6. And park, I'm in prison And I look up there, he said, I'm gonna be on 1 0 6 and park. And I said, okay, everybody in prison, he gonna gonna be on 1 0 6 and park. So every TV is on 1 0 6 and park. We waiting on him. And then that's when we found out. Yeah, he, he got a little buzz, he got buzz, Got a big buzz.


And I see you like even just in talking about it, you're smiling and it's just, I can't imagine like, you know, just as a parent, it's like I want my child to be successful and it's happening and then you're in a predicament that you're in and seeing it, it, it feels good to know that like he's carrying the family and things are working out. And then everything that we are, you know, seeing now happens. How did that feel when you heard the indictment come down and things of that nature, You know, from being in there and knowing what he up against. Now you run right there so I can be with 'em to help 'em through this. 'cause this being in the feds ain't no small task. You know, this is a big thing. They don't, they don't give 'em no room. They just snatch you up with almost and put you in a hopeless situation.


You know, everybody goes in kind of got to fight they way out to show and prove that this is what it is. But you know, it hurts to know that he have to go through what I just went through, have to deal with this system. Now it hurts real bad, you know, first losing the oldest son and to the streets and now losing him to the government, you know? So that's why I'm near hands on lawyers, hands on with him telling him every step of what to do now and how to fight this. Be being a person of faith. You know, you, you know, allah's the best, knower and planer, but when you lose his son, you know, to to to to murder, then you lose his son to the, to the jail system. How does that make you feel? Like just your faith, how does that touch your faith?


Oh, it's, it, it does, it tests your faith. It tests your faith in a way that's, you have to be a parent to understand what I'm saying here. It really tests you, you know. But just like you said, that faith, you know, everything belongs to aah. It don't actually belongs to me. He just use me as a vessel, but it belongs to him. So I just about to be patient for what's going on here and trust in him and continue to make, do our, which is supplication that he brings about the victory that we are looking for in this situation. The relief that we are looking for. When you came out, you know, you, you made it your business to, to change, right? To make, make sure you were out there telling the kids the right way to go about things and to try to be a positive in the community. Do you ever look back and be like, do you wonder if it was ever karma what happened to your kids because of some of the things that you did, even though that you changed, you're a different person.


Do you ever thought think about that or, or look at life like That? No, you try to, not as in karma. Not as in karma, but you look at as though, like I'm on the phone with 'em on visit, telling them, don't go this way, don't go this route. I'm frowning up on this. I'm talking against this gang banging, selling drugs. What we doing to the community. You know, you go to prison, you become a man, you see things that you ain't seen before. You know, you enlightened now you know, you see your wrong. So I'll never want to have my sons to go down that road, but at the same time, he don't go down that road, he just go down the road, which rap and different things like this put 'em in the same category but just a little different.


You know, they look, they still saying, Hey, you might not be selling drugs, you might not be doing these things right here. But they look at a rapper the same way They do. I also, you know, I wanted to ask about his case so much because the dirk that we knew, that I knew personally, he was such into giving back, right? He, he would call all the time about the things that he wanted to do for Chicago and the area that he grew up in and the things that he wanted to change and, and how he wanted to give kids an opportunity that they would think more than the street and have things to do. So, so what his organization, is his organization still out there being able to help absolute or has a lot of those floods and things has been pulled from that?


Absolutely. Absolutely. And so this goes back to 2020, you know, it didn't into the mic just, this didn't just happen yesterday, you know, sitting down with Dirk Banks, you know, I remember the day when he was like, Kev, you know, this is my, this is my vision. This is what I want to do. 'cause he was already doing the work. He's like, okay, but let's, let's do it for real, for real. We say, for real, for real. Let's get a registered 5 0 1 C3 and let's really truly, you know, look at the impact that we can make. And one thing that we, we landed on, and still to this day, it's like, Derrick, this is your vision. This is your vision. It's gonna be our jobs. And I say our jobs, my job, the board of directors and those that support, we're gonna help bring it to life.


And to be able to look back and see from 2020 and all the amazing work that he's done. And as you know, in media, you know, a lot of folks don't wanna talk about the great things and the positive things that individuals are out here doing it. He didn't do it for that. He did it for the fact that he know that. He said, Kev, these are things that I wasn't able to experience right when I was a kid. So now that I'm in position to do it, I'm, I'm, I'm all in. Let's go. I'm the voice, right? So I'm like, all right. So sitting with him, Emini here all around The clock, when I say around The clock, Emini here, as you know, he's coming from the studio at three, four in the morning. He's calling like, listen, this is what I want to do.


And I'm, I'm, I'm digesting. And I'm saying, okay, from all the things that I'm hearing, all the things that I, I feel your passion. We, we created four foundation pillars based off the things that Dirk Banks was truly invested in wanted to do. And it started off with neighborhoods prosperity, emerging leaders, health and wellness. So with all those four different pillars, there's a bucket of work that lives within everyone. So when we talked about real high level, you know, the neighborhoods, you know, think about all the national disasters that's happened. You know, takes me back to Houston several times with the hurricanes. There's a lot of seniors that had to go through the destructions of their properties where Dirk was like, look, let's get some boots on the ground down there.


Let's get folks that can help restore their community and, and store their homes. 'cause you know, it costs money to get folks out there to cut down trees and or stay on the power company to ensure that these lines are, are, are fixed and safe. You know, when we look at prosperity, you know, and, And I can laugh and we laugh about this to this day when, when celebrities or athletes, whatever, think about doing non-profits, you know, you always hear back to school, let's do backpacks and Thanksgiving, turkeys, let's do turkeys. And we would say, you know what? Good for those that do that. 'cause it, it, it, it is neat. It helps absolutely. But for, but for Dirk, he's a thought leader. He's like, you know, prosperity to me for back to school is let's get some financial literacy programs together.


So we took a group of kids that are in our cohort to learn about financial management, money management. Shout out to Bank of America and the city of Chicago Treasurer's office for spending those hours in weeks with these young boys and girls to be able to educate them on things. Like Dirk said, he didn't have, you know, the, the, the information that now that these kids were able to walk away. And when you talk about those Turkey drives, Dirk would always say, you know what ke, what do people do with these turkeys that don't got homes to cook 'em in? Right. You know, what, what are they doing with 'em? So we like, okay, let's get some hot meals that's ready to be served. So shout out to the, the Boston market of The World where tens of thousands of families got hot meals that didn't have to wonder.


And you know, how am I gonna cook this Turkey now that I got it, where am I going to cook it at? So, you know, those last two pillars, health and wellness, you know, cancer survivors, shout out to his wife, India, my sister, where they got together, said, we're gonna do a Mother's Day honors where we're gonna recognize these black women that are going through cancer. And as you know, unfortunately sometimes that they go through the route of chemotherapy, they gotta shave their head off. Now, you know, going into a a beauty supply store to put a unit on your head ain't probably what you want do, right? We got Him right, we got him one a great one.


You have no idea how good that was. But you know what that would do to one self-esteem known going through that. So what we were able to do is shout out to India and, and, and, and Kelvin as well, who's on the management side with Dirk's Foundation, is that they were able to get celebrity stylists to create custom units and get hair in advance of Mother's Day. So now on their day that we recognize 'em, they can feel good and we know when you feel good de Beyonce, you look good, you feel good. And that's what we, we are able to do. But last but not least, and it ties into one of the things that really I know that lives with Dirk the most is that emerging leaders, and we talked about those students that Dirk has taken the time and exposed to his college and career readiness cohort.


So going all the way back to 2022, we said, you know what, all these young black boys and girls that got passion, what are you passionate about? Because we're not gonna Just say, go to college just to go to college. We wanna make sure that there's programs and opportunities that align to what you're interested in. And now that we know now, when we go take these college trips to Morehouse back in 2022 where we flew in from Chicago to Atlanta and they got to learn about the programs, they got a chance to learn about career day where the Atlanta Hawks, their executive office had a round table with these young men and educated them about careers in the NBA. And it's not just about being the basketball player, it's about being marketing. It's about being HR or even real estate, which we didn't know about.


You know. So with that, you know, being said, you know, and shout out to NASCAR as well because after we left Atlanta, we went over to Talladega College and NASCAR hosted them for the career day. But the list goes on year after year. Went to DC Dirk gave over $350,000 in scholarship funds, 350,000 in scholarship funds. So students who are looking to go to Howard and students who are already at Howard, that caught a jam to say, you know what? I don't know how I'm gonna be able to finish this semester. You know, the Grace Grant was able to provide those students with an opportunity. Last year we came to New York, came to Queens with St. John's University students had an opportunity to learn about those programs and their career.


They was spent at Sony, spent at Alamo Records. So everyone can't be the next little dirt, but everyone can be that guy behind the production. And this is exposing these young black boys and girls that Dirk has been doing for a long time and the lights haven't gone off. Now you, you could see it Emini here, you could see it, you know, in his, his his his faith walk. You know, you could see it, you know, and even when he named his last album or the album before last almost healed, like you could see that he was absolutely, positively trying to make, you know, the, the, the right moves and, and take the right steps to just be a better person. Yes. I I was gonna ask y'all the last thing that he did before he was taken into custody, it was the big prayer event Yes. That he had. Absolutely. And then he received the keys to the city.


Absolutely. But the mayor, I believe it was the mayor got a lot of backlash after he was arrested. And I think, you know, there were certain people and things that like stepped back. So how hard has it been because the, the organization is tied to di Like are y'all facing opposition or are people still like, no we know he's a good person. You, You gonna face opposition just being a young black artist, a young black man, a young black woman, you, there's always gonna be trials and tribulations. And if we allow one situation like that to stop us what we're doing, then we're losing the focus of what his true mission was. Yeah. I wanna ask you something too, Don.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now Sherry Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out or just hanging out and catching up. There's a coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie or girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people. But it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the last, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans, bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshared, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I tell you man because I was looking at your bio And I love this. You said when you got released from prison your bio said you had to first forgive yourself for adding to the demise of your community. Mm. What did that realization, when did you get that realization that you had actually caused a lot of problems in your community And how did you know that you know, you had to forgive yourself for adding to it? It was actually when I became a Muslim because you got to reflect on your past, you got to change a lot about yourself. So when you're changing a lot about yourself, you start looking within like, oh I had these principles, I had these morals, I had these values. This is the way I used to think. And you challenge with these things now because now you see Islam finna change who I am, my character and my outlook on life.


So these are the things I did. Plus one of the biggest things is seeing these young guys coming to prison, coming in Emini here day by day every week they bringing a busload in and my heart just keep going out to 'em 'cause they don't know what's going on. They have no idea what they up against right here. So you gotta start programs, try to educate them on the legal aspect and start getting in this court and fighting for your life back. Because if you just sit there, the feds, you sit there. That's it. You gotta get up and fight. You know? And if you don't and like I say, you'll be there for the rest of your life Man. What? What? What is needed to break the generational cycle of just violence in Chicago. We working on that daily Emini here.


Boost is on the ground daily. I work with an organization called Chicago Cred where we go around and one of the main things we doing right now with Chicago cred, gun violence, gun du reducing gun violence in the transforming the way. But at the same time we starting now the program a nonaggression teaching them non-aggression. You know, it's hard to tell them young guys to put the gun down but know what we gonna teach him. The is non aggressive. Don't be aggressive with that gun. You know, only use that gun to defend yourself. Only use that gun to defend people who trying to come to your house but don't go out looking for nobody here. So guys who coming outta prison, guys who know what it's about.


We got stay on the ground, we got to give back. We got to be the ones about that change talk and that change behavior. We can't be OGs and then hanging out with the young guys doing just as worse as they doing. Right. You know? Yeah. We gotta get out there and tell them and we got to sacrifice our ourself to do this. You know, because a lot of 'em gonna be hardheaded. A lot of 'em gonna push us away. A lot of 'em gonna tell, well you outdated, you know, go and sit down somewhere. But we gotta stay on the front line out there because we got to get them neighborhoods back to the place where they can be, where kids can come back out and play grandmamas and mamas can sit on the porch and walk. Stores can be utilized for not just hanging around there. You know, use for, you know, what they use for and be a a pillar of the community.


So you know, we just, is it a lack Of resources like education, like lack of opportunity, All of that? All of all of them. All of it. All of them. You know. And what we got now with what's going on in politics is going to be even harder to fight for us. You know, trying to shut down the, the board of education, you, department of education. Yeah. You know, trying to do these here, trying to attack the healthcare, trying to attack the veterans, you know, now the whole American is waking up and so it, it puts more of a burden on us to try to help 'cause people that's already down from the stay down. Right. We ain't got no opportunities to fund him to come up 'cause the administration ain't giving us these opportunity for them to come up. Can you give us an update on, on what you can on Dirk's case and and how it's going?


I know he was denied bond but can you give us an update of what's happening and how his fans can support? 'cause it's been really quiet, you know? Yeah. Now one thing I could say, well, well y'all, the question y'all ask Kevin, how people looking at him now? It ain't a place I go, it is not a place that I go, a phone call And I don't get where he get 100% support. Ain't nobody like turning their back on him. Right. Or saying nothing negative about other than you know, a little few little blobs here and there or podcast. We're trying to get some type of recognition about saying something negative about 'em. But overall 90% everybody's there and they pray they support you get many, many letters of you know, keep your head, keep going on, you going to get up out of this, you know, things of that nature there.


So the support is 100% And I love that about him 'cause that tells you what kind of person he is when no one is trying to, you know, look at his downfall to something that we can now say, Hey look at him. We told you about him. Not this type of thing here. So that's a beautiful thing now. And one more thing And I like just speak, I'm sorry. No, you go ahead. It's just, it's your interview every time I go to bed or he call, just like Kevin said, he always got a new idea. Mm. I said man get in there and look at this case. Let's get focused on this. But he got a new idea. Hey what you think about a hospital? What you think about a school, what you think, you know, it's always something new. What he trying to do up in there, far as trying to do out here to help.


You mentioned like just how he has so much positive support from fans and people and like people not backing away from what he's doing in the community. But I remember in December when they tried to get the bond that envy was mentioning, the prosecutors tried to paint him out to be like this like super dangerous person and you know, all those things. How do you have conversations with him? Because you said he's focused on new ideas, but are there ever times where he's like, yo, this is like, like I can't believe this is happening to me right now and then things like that happen and he might lose faith or might lose sight. Like does that happen at all? Well as, as a human, you, you sitting in there looking at four walls, you know, you've been told to stand up for count, you've been told these things. Something that you ain't normally used to, it's going to have this effect on you.


Yeah. But you know, you always bounce back. You always look at the greater picture. 'cause as a Muslim we look and say to ourself what Allah is doing for us greater than what they doing to us, what Allah is doing for us right now. Building us to be a better man is greater than what they trying to do to us and trying to tear us down. So he definitely, he definitely a building. He was telling me that, you know, when he came in there was like four Muslims on the block. He said now it's 17 Muslims on the block. So he in there, he Oh, people are converting, converting. You know? Got you. Yeah. So that's a good thing. So he in there, you know, keeping it going, keeping the work going.


You know what, What do y'all, when y'all come out here and y'all do these press hits, what are y'all hopes, what are y'all trying to do? We trying to bring a a, a real look what's really, what is Junior? I call him junior. What is him? What he supposed to be looking at? You know, how you supposed to view him? Don't take allegations and make 'em a fact. Don't take allegations and make it a conviction. You know, allegations are just that. These are allegations. Give us a chance in court to prove ourself. There was a chance, you know, and this one thing, again, we shout out the mayor of Chicago, Brandon Johnson, when they tried to attack him, he said don't give him the brother his chance in court.


Excuse me. That's right. You know, due process you said give him his chance in court. And this is what we ask everybody, give our chance in court and we approve that all of this is nothing but falsehood and lies. You know, Wait, when you talk about going places and wanting the conversation to be just fair for him, even if people are gonna have their opinions, how hard is it for you? And you can answer this if you want to. I know it's a legal situation. So for instance, like I know I've seen reports of like there were like text messages that allegedly were like between Dirk and the, the guys who are who, who they threw the murder charges at for D thing. And then they have the verse from his song Aha. And they're trying to pin that like, yo, this is you saying what you did.


How hard is it to go up against stuff like that? Just because legally they're talking about that every single time he goes into court. It's not hard if you get all the information, but I will refer now I have to refer all of these things. Thank you brother. Thank you brother. I have to refer all these things to the legal team because you know, this is some of the things that they would have to answer and give a deeper understanding to. He got three great lawyers on the case. You know Drew Finley, That's my guy. Love him. Yes, he's good. Drew Finley, Jonathan outta Chicago grandma and he got the lady, what's it, Christie O'Connor.


So he got three good lawyers. He outta California. Drew is outta Atlanta and, and Jonathan Raymond is out of Chicago. So they working around The clock. They constantly keep us updated. You know, I talk to them regularly about the case and, and so it's going good. You know, all these text messages, these, these things here, they on top of all this. And like I said, give 'em this day in court and they approve, you know, what's the what, what's the real truth about these text messages, right? How confident are you as a Muslim? I'm confident in a law as a Muslim And I just continue to make, do I that this, that we victorious in this case.


And you know, that a law grant us the relief that we are seeking out of this. So looking at everything, you know, is weak but we make sure continue to trust in the law. And what about with the, with the government? 'cause you know the government, as we seen with many cases before, they play a, a nasty game where they try to make a somebody look crazy so that the jury looks at them as crazy from the start. You know what Emini here we see that a lot. A whole lot. And who don't know that that in the person that's been in the belly of the beast, you know, I know the tricks in the game they play. That's why, like I said, I stay on this case looking at from every angle because I know they games, I know what they play.


I know they lies, they deception. I know they'll create some things, you know, and create some witness, you know, or there somewhere outta the blue it'll be somebody come along, don't nobody know, like who is this dude? And they'll put him up there to say some things, you know? And everybody be like, you know, so yeah, I definitely know about them. And your, and your, in your bio, one of the things that you mentioned in here is how much time you didn't get to spend with your kids because of your sentence that you had now. Like, you know, in, in present time hopefully and like you know, prayerfully, when Dirk is able to come home, what are you looking forward to being able to do with him? I know you lost D thing, but what are you looking forward to do with Dirk and like, you know, just your family now once y'all get through all the muddy waters The same thing we was doing when I got out.


You know, I'm constantly with them now. I don't want to get my daughters mad but I got five children. Yeah, three daughters and two sons. Then when we get off the show, they be like, you ain't said nothing about us. So I got three beautiful daughters and two sons, one passed away and one were, what we looking to do now is we on another whole level now, you know, going to see him talking to him, you know, mines of now combined now and we just looking forward to doing things now with the grandkids. Mm. Raising them in the right way, you know, embed and putting in them the things that we, his experience. My experience.


The dudes and the don'ts in life. So we just looking to to be a stronger family bond. And I know y'all brought up India earlier and we found out that they were married through like the new music and the photo on the album. What conversations do you and Dirk have before he decided to get married And like what are you talking to him as? Dad, you know what Emini here, like what advice are you giving him or you know, how, what's that like? Okay now as a Muslim. As a Muslim, Because it's different for you, right? Right. You gotta get married. You cannot lay, you sleep with a woman that you're not married to. So these are my conversations to him. You have to be married. It's a great sin in Islam if you're not married. We don't believe in fornication.


We don't believe in adultery, you know, sleeping outside the marriage and different things. Like if you are interested in his sister, then let her know through marriage that you ready to take on the responsibility of a husband. So yeah. Alright. As a Muslim, are you on him about the content of his music? Like if he, you know, he beats his situation and comes home, are you gonna tell him that musically he should go in another direction? He told me. Oh He told me. So I, I'm just keep saying hum doah, every time I talk to him he learning more about Islam and what he's supposed to be doing as a Muslim. What do he say? He's saying that, hey, I can't talk about these things no more. I can't walk this way of life no more.


You know? So he already on point with all this, you know. And that's one of the things about, you know, prison give you time to really reflect, think, give you time, isolation to read study. So now you able to, you know, you ain't distracted about these world things. You know, this is a, this is a star, this is a, an artist. He on the planes all the time. He moving all the time from the moment he wake up to the moment he goes to sleep, he always doing something. So saying, you know, he took his jihad, he became a Muslim in prison, Emini here at the prison when he came to see me. But then that his life took off from there. So now he got a chance now to study. So everything that he needs to know, he learning it right now. So he knowing, he telling me like I said no, I can't talk about that no more.


I can't do this no more. I'm glad that I got married. I'm glad that I went this direct right here because he's trying to see now. Wow. Well definitely send, send him our love man and and tell him that, you know, we, we we'll continue to pray for 'em man and support 'em. Absolutely. Oh and no doubt. 'cause when I told him about this he said that's beautiful. Mm. Them they right there. They gonna keep it real. Oh yeah. We've been watching Dirk since the beginning. Literally. Literally. Dirk been up here with Vaughn and everybody so it's like we've literally watched him grow, Grow up. That's Right. And also we can't forget about our main guy, Swiss. Oh Luke to Swiss. Absolutely, definitely shout out to that brother.


Beautiful. And that is Swiss is one of his biggest mentors. That's one who talks to him, keep him on point. Different things. Like he always calls Swiss, they always talking what direction, what should I do? You know? And it's good to have somebody like Swiss in this corner, you know? Absolutely. Well, appreciate you guys for joining us. Yeah, I have one more thing. I just thought of that video of Wallo when he's talking to Dirk and it went super, super viral and he's telling him like, you know, not to retaliate for D thing and then it went vir when all this stuff happened with the, with the case. When you first saw that video and saw that moment, I don know if you like were there in person or what, but like as a dad, like what was that feeling like? Just to see somebody pour into your son like that.


Beautiful. And I thank you. Appreciate it. Exactly. Like Emini here. I truly reward you for that. 'cause this is what we talk about. This is how we practice. No retaliation. 'cause it only gonna keep it going, you know? So I love that. You know, I love that you opened up like that, so thank you for that. You know, And I I agree one, oh no, I'm sorry. He could never, He Could never, he could never. Wallo is so positive and just does so many great things. Million When they were in the studio and him and Gilly were sitting there He was, Because that went so super viral because of everything with the, the case. And I was just like, thing as a dad, I wonder like, you know, you watching that like that's what's up.


Agree with it 100%. And that was the things I said. 'cause we actually, you know, we lost him, my son And I don't know if y'all know, but when you lose a son in Islam, you have to watch his body. Yes, I know. So we had to wash his body and washing the body and, and, and it is hurting, you know, to wash my son's body to get out out of 26 years and then have to bury your son. You know, that's, that's that pain there is like you never get used to or you never accepted, but yet you accept it as a Muslim. But it's something that, oh we gonna be deep in you. So I don't want 'em to see another parent hurt like that. I don't wanna see nobody have to go through that. So it got to stop.


Do you put any blame on yourself ever? Like you was like, man, you know, 'cause the poor choices I made 26 years ago, I wasn't here the way I probably needed to be As a parent. You gonna always say that. You gonna say what could I have did right? What could I have did better? Could I have said anything? Could I have did anything different to stop this? You know, but then Islam kick in, you were like, you did everything you were supposed to do. You tried to the best of your ability. But that struggle goes within you all the time. Well thank y'all for joining us Dontay Banks, Kevin Freeman. Thank you so much. Yes. And please keep us updated when you can. Yes Sir. Will do. And I appreciate y'all from having Us. Absolutely. Of course. Appreciate you Simonon. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Shara Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Top reasons advanced manufacturing. Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career plus the energy of big time sports. And after work plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future@callohiohelm.com.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.