
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hi, loves it's me, Paris Hilton. I'm already excited for you to listen to my new album Infinite Icon, and I'm even more excited for you to listen to it. On Vinyl Welcome To the Bat Academy. Every vinyl collection needs a crown jewel and no jewel sparkles. Brighter than an autographed baby pink edition of Infinite Icon. Order the LP signed by yours truly@shopparishilton.com. That's hot. Sponsored by 1111 Media


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess, who's on maternity leave and we got a special guest in the building. Eva. Eva. Marcel, Welcome back. Thank you. Good morning. How you feeling? Good morning gentlemen and beautiful lady. Hello. How you feeling? Blessed. Highly favored. There you Go. You go. Blessed black and highly favored. Well, I'm always black baby. There You go. Always black. This new movie, buried Alive and Survive. First of all, the title is Wild and the thing I love about Lifetime is their titles be right on the money. Yeah. So this is based on a true story. Yes. This is part of the Lifetime ripped from the headlines series.


So it's a based on a true story. And it followed the series that they did about the missing black girls, which I personally thought was really dope. Shedding light on black stories that you don't hear, you hear your Lacy Petersons, you hear all these other stories all these years. But our stories you don't hear as much. And so Lifetime has taken the charge to really shine light on melanated stories. And so I play a character, Alicia, who is very demure, very mindful, but no, she's a young lady who went through a tumultuous pass with her ex like crazy ex-boyfriend. But she was in love with him, love of her life from high school, played by Tyler Lepley, super charming.


And then he goes to jail for 15 years. He was domestically violent while we were together. And so he goes to jail. We have a son and so all I'm trying to do is like keep my son safe and then he gets outta jail early. How early He did? Eight of 15. Mm Got you. But for a prison overcrowding, I come home one day, he's sitting in my living room playing video games with my son. Mm. Wow. Terrifying. Were you Familiar with this story before you did the Film? It's grits groceries. I felt like they offered me this role because they know that this was my life. Really? You a type cat? Yeah. They were like She through When I, no, when I read the description, the first thing I thought of was all the stuff that I know that you went through Through Your daughter's dad.


So was that My daughter's dad is Michael, you mean donor? I'm sorry, with the Yes, the donor. Sorry, with, I'm not familiar with any of this. Okay. So forgive me for laughing. It's Okay. Yeah, no, he, I think he meant just like, are you familiar with the real life story? Oh. But I Went, I went with it though. That that's, That was my que like when I read it, I'm like, man, like was that hard it For you Home because you went through a lot publicly with your own situation of You know, protecting your kid and trying to get away and all that stuff. So how was that mentally for you? What that thing hit home like? Nobody's business and for me, I like going into characters like I, that I don't know, like on my TV show I play like this madam who's like the head of a cartel and I'm pimping these guys.


I don't do that in real life, but this I've done in real life. Right. So this was very different. It was a cathartic moment for me. I think Mental Health is very important and when I deal with my therapist, for some reason I'm dealing with my divorce. I'm not talking about this, this was 10 years ago. Right. So for the film it let me tap into something that I realized that I hadn't all the way dealt with and, but I survived. Did You think about not doing it? Like did you think about like, this might be too much or it's too close to home. Like maybe I shouldn't take this part? I accept what God allows. I am at a surrender point in my life. I don't think that anything happens on accident. I believe in timing. I believe that God knew that it was time for me to deal with it.


How difficult was it to tape during this Shout out to Talia Lepley. 'cause he helped me. He was such a gentleman and so much fun. We made it light. But I can say it was a bit, a bit difficult. There were those days where it was just heavy, heavy drama. But then we would go to lunch at like Chili's and we're shooting out in the boondocks. And I have like bruises all over my face. His clothes are all cut up and ripped and we're walking in like Ike and Tina like, yeah, so can I get a cheeseburger and a margarita? People thought we were absolutely crazy. Like absolutely crazy. I'm sure. So when you say you didn't deal with it, you just, you just suppressed it. I got my daughter And I moved on in life.


I didn't have, I didn't think I had time to dwell in the hurt of things. Yeah. And the effect of things I had to plant new seeds so that I can work on my new harvest for my daughter. So that, That's the worst kind of trauma. The trauma that you You know you have, but for whatever reason you don't acknowledge it. So you think it's not there. And then you get something that triggers you and you're like, what was that? And you're like, ah. And, and it's not that I didn't acknowledge it. Right. It's one of those things that when it happened, TMZ got it. It was all over the news. I'm one of those women where I uplive black men. I have three brothers, no sisters, an amazing black father and an multitude of uncles.


So what I don't wanna do is make one situation every black man situation. So for me, with my platform, I chose not to go on this big rampage about the situation, how it failed, what he did, all that. That's just, that's not my style. It's not how I get down. Yeah. You know, vintage is mind say at the Lord. So I didn't say much about what happened outside of what court documents said. And for my daughter's sake, I don't wanna live it every day. Right. You know I married an amazing man who took care of her and had more kids with him. And so for me it was like You know, which is Michael who we saw you on Yes. The show with and all that stuff as well too.


Do you like, do you ever, because I know in this movie your character has a, a kid in the middle of this and she has to have conversations. Did this make you think about having conversations with the Marley at all or? Absolutely. It reminds me of the conversations that you have to have. Like there's that, that, that time of innocence that gets taken away from a child. Yeah. But as a parent, you don't want that to happen. Like you wanna hold on to that innocence as long as you can. You don't want them to know black and white. You don't want them to understand like discrimination. So the last thing I wanted her to do was try to, as a 10-year-old girl, process these adult choices.


Right. That I, I mean to be quite frank, I don't even think he could process what he did, let alone her understand it. Right. Yeah. So it's not a conversation you wanna have, but it's a conversation you have to have. And I had the conversation with my daughter. Oh wow. Okay. Which was difficult. But shout out to Mike Sterling. He helped me. It was beautiful. And so when I, in the film, when I had to have the conversation, it hit home yet again. Because I remember having to explain like, your dad is not what you think he is. Yeah. You know. What Was your mental and emotional health like after the film was done? I know those conversations with the therapist changed. You know it's so crazy because I had to apologize.


I was just saying earlier, I had to apologize to a friend of mine. I feel like I was not myself for a, a smooth month or month and a half afterward. 'cause I just kind of to know me. It's no, I'm bold, I'm proud. I'm not necessarily loud, but I live unapologetically. Yeah. But I went back into like the meek like tiptoe around like I don't wanna get it wrong. And my friend was like, yo, are you, is everything okay? And I realized like, oh my gosh, I'm still Alicia. I'm not evil right now. I am still that woman that is trying to make sure everything's okay. Everything's good. All the doors are locked, my guns are You know loaded, ready to go. Like sis you're good. Go to church on Sunday.


So yeah, it took me a minute to get out of it because it, it was real. I love a God fearing gun toting woman. Oh. And you gotta give yourself some time to breathe. 'cause you went through so much. And then this movie rehashes everything so, so much publicly. You got your vape publicly, right? Yes. Even like your divorce situation was very public as well too. You guys were on the show. Like you lived out loud literally for a long time. Yes. And then you get in this role of this character who people are like, wait, did she write this? 'cause this was right. So right on point. I know, I know you mentioned Mike Sterling, And I know that there have been conversations about the divorce and some of the things that you were going through and you talked about the weight loss. Where are you guys at now? Like is that a good Oh, so much better. You know anybody that's been a part of the Divorce Club knows that it's a, it's a process.


My parents have been married for 42 years. His parents 52 years. All my aunts and uncles married. I'm the only person, my bro, my brothers are married. I'm the only person in my family divorced. So this is like for my, for my family. It's different. Wow. And so it was not like I had someone to go to like, what is life like after divorce? You know. Were they Supportive though? Because You know Mo a lot of times family only see it one way. Like you stay together regardless. Were they supportive when you decided to get a divorce? They were supportive. They, my brother, you think about it, my brothers were like, what's Up? What's Pop You know? I'm like, no, We gotta go jump this dude. Are you sister sister? I am middle, middle sister. Okay. Because I have a little brother and two older, two older brothers. My baby brother's like six seven though.


So that's my big little brother. Brother Was ready. So they're like, what's going on? You didn't say anything about the last situation. We not doing that mute stuff again. I'm like, everything's good. It's good. We're just gonna figure this out now. It's been a year. Communication's great. Took him out on Father's Day. Love that for y'all able to see like You know he's a lawyer so when he win's cases, he has this big case in Atlanta that it looks like it's going really, really well. I'm always gonna support him. I'm, I mean, he's the father of my children. He is the man that I love. Like, it just, it, that will never change. And anyone that says otherwise, like I was married, but I hate him. Now you're lying to yourself sis.


You are lying to yourself. So is the door ever open to, to maybe You trying to ruin on Mars? Me? I was just asking the Door Open watch, buried Live. It comes out on September 21st on Lifetime Live is Fine. Why would, why would your son in the movie Malcolm just randomly let some man in? He never met though, Because it's his daddy that That's all it takes. That's the password. So imagine longing your whole life to know your father. Mm. And I never told him that his father was a bad guy. I just said that his dad went away. He had to go away. He chose to leave. And so now he's like 14 years old and he, and I'm o I'm an overprotective helicopter mom.


Like, answer your phone. Where are you at? Let me know. Turn your, because what you've been through because of what I've went through. And he doesn't understand it. So he just like, mom chill. Like, I promise if my dad was here, he wouldn't be doing all this. I'm like, eh, little do You know. If your dad was here, life would be very different. Right. But, but yeah, he just, he it's a kid who wants to know his dad. I mean any, imagine going out without a mom and then finding out that's your mom. Like you just wanna know her. Right. All the other stuff we'll figure out later. So it was just the innocence of a boy, wanting to know the man that he would become You know. Are You that overprotective in real life? You even tried to put a tracker on your son's sneakers in the movie?


Are you that overprotective? I am protective in real life, but I'm blessed to have an amazing father figure for my kids. So when it comes to the co-parenting part, and then Mike is in legal too. So I'm like, who flying in town do we need to call the mayor? We the governor You know. So we have a few connections, but we are, yeah, I'm very protective. I I ask everybody this question that that's parents. Are you raising your child out of fear or love? Because in the movie, definitely raising them out of fear. Oh, in a movie, straight out of fear. I raised my kids out of love. I raised my kids. I appreciate what my parents went through in life and what they gave me and my brothers. But I also acknowledge what I could do better when it comes to being a parent in 2024.


My parents had me in 19 84, 40 years ago. So life was different You know what I mean? This being the reality, I want my kids to know that they can do whatever they want to. My youngest loves frozen and little boy he loves frozen And. I will buy him a frozen little house. I'm not putting those stereotypes on him. I don't put my kids in a box. My daughter, she likes boxing. She also likes cheerleading. You know, like, do whatever you wanna do. Just be good. Be a good person. My motto is, do you just make sure it doesn't hurt anybody else? Do whatever you wanna do. Just be be kind. I think that's great. That that that's a hundred percent great.


I wasn't working with Tyler. 'cause I know You know he's a dad now, but he plays this like horrible Father You know. But like, that's not what he gives in real life. No. So what were you guys conversations around him channeling like horrible, abusive death. Tyler was, shout out to Tyler. He's so dope. He's so dope. I had worked with him behind the scenes. I'm starting to direct. So I worked with him on another project. So I was a little familiar with him, which was nice because You know the man about to choke you out in the movie in the next 10 minutes you might wanna know him just a little bit. Right. So I had the privilege of knowing him just a little bit. But he was so charming, so charismatic and very respectful because the subject matter was so heavy.


He's like, is this too hard? I'm like, no, go there. Right. Because If, you don't yank me. I'm gonna yank you. Like I'm strong. If I'm trying to get out, I'm getting away. Right? So yank me, let's do this. So I ain't no little boy now He is not. I And, I definitely had some bruises. I yanked it little bit too much. And then I yanked back When I told him yeah. I said, okay, bring that down 50%. But yeah, Tyler, he, he was amazing. And being a father, the way in which he dealt with our son in the film, I thought was beautiful. You can tell that he's a dad. There was a softness to him, but then there was that, I just got outta jail and I'm gonna get mine. And his ability to kind of flip back and forth was, was really dope.


Did you talk to the Well, in the movie? In the movie, her name is Alicia. I don't know if that's her name in real life, did you speak to her at all? No, I didn't speak to the person that it's happened to. Okay. But this story is not, is actually a story of something that's happened in Seattle. One has happened in China. Like this is from the headlines of a real life story. Wow. So they were like in real life buried Lan and in real life climbed ourself up. People are insane. And that's why I love Lifetime for doing this. Yeah. Because it lets You know that things can go beyond your wildest dreams and your wildest imagination. And to be a mom, to be a sister, just like when it comes to safety and who you're with and just everybody doesn't have it all there.


Right? So make sure you're safe. Make sure You know what's going on. And If, you even have an inkling those red flags, which is Alicia's downfall, which to me are a lot of women and men's downfall when it comes to dating. You fall in love before you really get to know the person you fall in. Like, and then you fall in love and infatuation and then the real person presents themselves. What is it the idea of having a man? Is it the dick? Like what is it that makes it'd Be a mixture. I was gonna say it's it's person normal. It's a, it's a cacophony. It's all of those things. I think it's timing. If. you think about it's 8 billion plus people in this world. The fact that you And, I were able to meet at this time for whatever reason.


For me, the romantic in me, I feel like it's smic. I feel like there's a reason that we've met for some reason, whatever it is. And so if there's a physical attraction, people can lie. But as a woman, You know in the first 30 to 60 seconds, if You know If You, what If a Lot you gonna smash your past? You Can. You don't even have that conversation Playing. That was, that was very girl math. We it. But they were, yeah, they knowing because he be giving Charlene sometimes. So he be knowing, oh Charlamagne, You did ask about the dick. You did. So what? Okay, first of all, say that with some context because outta context, that'll look crazy online.


You did ask about the dick, It'll, but did Days got your acting crazy In here? Also assume that every woman is having sex with the people that they're dating. Like, right, that's true. That's one thing that I've learned now being divorced, is that I guess like we date, we go and have food. So like three dates is sex time. Like who said that? But that's why it sucks with women. The spotlight like, like If you, regardless of, you could be seen with Tyler and whoever else. Whoever. And they'll say you dating all of 'em. Oh, all. Yeah. My best friend. That's why he doesn't wanna be on camera. And he, he Get tired of this. Gay is two left shoes. And.


I gay two left. Okay. Gay. Straight. Straight As they My Brothers. Yeah. You can't say gay shoes, that's all you saying. Ain't nothing. Right. He's acting Straight as loyal. Spaghetti. Jesus, boil spaghetti. There we go. Wherei You know what evil. I'm just saying gay Country And I never heard of these as spaghetti Boiled. Spaghetti is not straight no more. Oh, When you bought a spaghetti at that wiggle. Yes. You See what I'm saying? Yes. I got you. Shit, I heard you. I like riddles. I'll take piss. You'll hear me say that one. I'm telling you that right. That Put it in your Instagram bio. Yes. So how is your Dating Life shut up. Non-existent. None. I, my Lord have mercy.


You would think it would be easy. The dms, my friend L'Oreal taught me how to look in the dms. Those are terrifying because it's like, they're very upfront. Somebody's husband and their son are both in the dms and then their pastor Jesus, and then their women and then there it's like everybody just calmed down. So how, How can somebody meet you? Like, that's My question. I don't even Know. Do you go out? No. Why? No. Okay, go to work. I got, So it has to be be dms, If. you don't go out. I mean you might do casual like drinks and stuff like that. Like yes. With drinks. But do you really get to meet somebody? Like, and then where Else? Because you don't wanna meet 'em in the club. Well, I don't do those getting Paid, but I mean like I've been, I've been like out food drinks or whatever and like I've seen you there.


And those are nice places where like if someone's there, they send you a drink, But not in America. Oh, okay. Like if we're like in Italy or something because they, they don't know who you are.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party. Started with my new album, infinite Icon out Now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the academy. I wanted this album to be an escape, to take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111.


Media


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature With seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You hear more and more about identity theft in the news every day. Maybe that's because so much of your personal information is out of your control. Like your insurance provider that has your social security number and your favorite retailer that has your payment details. If they get breached, your information is vulnerable. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package. Meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft. You might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it with LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/news terms Apply.


This Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Yeah, there's no pretense. It's just like you don't have to think twice. Like the pretty girl over there with the, the pink shirt on You. know what I mean? Versus like, oh that's Eva. I've had someone say like, yo, I'm gonna date you 'cause I'm gonna date up. I'm like, whoa. Damn. That didn't work At all. I guess that's a compliment though. I mean, it's a compliment but it also, he Was like, I'm not dating down. Sorry. Makes me feel like what? You know what I mean. Nothing's genuine. Right. And so it's difficult. That's why when you ask do you leave the door open? It's, it's like, who, who at my age, I turned 40 in October is really gonna get to know the real me having been in TV and film for 20 years. Would you Date in the industry? You can only date in the industry.


That is terrifying. I I do not want to date in the industry unless she said like she goes outta the country. Right. And then you meet people who may not because they're gonna end up being interviewed by Charlemagne and they'll be like, so what's popping with you and E What's up with you and E Exactly. Nah. So listen, would you date the bus driver? I would If you on the bus company. Oh man. Well what if he's a good man? He's a Oh yes for me, he's a good man. Hardwork for me. I'm not about the money. Okay. I'm not about the coin. What I'm about is you seeing me? Mm. I don't feel like I have been seen in a long time. What Do you mean being seen? Like he's been married for a while, You Yes, but see the person, not the the clothes or the job or the title. I had someone the other day tell me You know my job is is who I am.


I'm like, whoa bro. That's sad. That's sad. That's sad because your job can change any day and then, then who are you? You know what I'm saying? Right. I feel like I have so many titles and multihyphenate, thank God so blessed, so much gratitude. But with that, it's still a little girl inside of here from south central Los Angeles that won a great walk to they not like us You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. They're still that girl. And who wants to tap into like the person inside of me, not the a right facade around me. You know what I mean? The smoke and mirrors, the titles. That's what Dr. Wayne w di used to say. He used to say, the stuff you own is not you. No. What you do your job You know your occupation. That's not who you are.


It's not. Yeah. But in today's society, especially with these young men and women doing so well professionally, it becomes them allegedly You. know what I mean? 28 to 30 5-year-old black men, black women out here. We are millionaires. We're figuring out how to get to the bag, own our own companies. You know, leverage business deals with other companies, not like it used to be. And so with that, I think comes a lot of ego. I Think the sad thing is, I think if somebody is trying to date you, I think they probably will first show up with their check. Right? They wanna show that they can afford you, which is totally the opposite of what you're Looking for and what I want. So they show me the money. So then you don't want that. So then it's like the male ego ends up getting frustrated because it's like, what can I do for you?


And I. Think you got kids, you don't, you don't need a husband and you don't need to pay me to pay your mortgage. You have multiple cars. You go, you have a job. And then from there you're trying to figure out, like that causes conversation. A lot of my, I have a lot of girlfriends who are at that point, they're like, what am I doing wrong when it's like, you're not doing anything but being yourself. That's what I asked my Therapist. But but see, but I hate, that was my question. A lot of us get there because at that point you do feel like, man, I'm gonna never find somebody. What am I doing wrong? And. I. Don't think that people should, I don't feel like that. I don't think that people should feel that way. I think you need to track what you want. Somebody that's strong enough to handle all that will come and we'll figure it out. Well baby God, better get to get to build them because I've found some very strong ones. But they, I I still intimidate them.


It happens. How do you intimidate them? What's, what's wrong if If you find some strong men that's like, they're powerful. They have the intellect. What's the problem? Well, For one, I'm not finding anything. I will be found. I am not. You just Said you found Them. I, I saw, I I I She means They come across, across, across. That's approaches her come across. But there's, there's still still insecurities there. There's still that You know when I'm not there, what's going on? I don't know. Maybe you did your eye twinkle like that for that person. Like it's just, it's always, it is a thing. So it's non-existent. I go to church on Sundays when I'm in town. Besides from that I'm out of the country or traveling or with my kids when I have them or working. That's my life. I wonder if Instagram makes men more, more show offs than anything.


Because I You know I, when you grow up broke, all you got is yourself, right? So you gotta be smart, you gotta be funny. You gotta present all of these other things. I wonder if now, character, character, ah, I wonder if now because of Instagram, people feel like all I gotta do is just show, show, show, show, show. And that's how I get. But then that's why y'all are in, well not Lauren, but that's why you're in the position you're in. Damn You. know what I mean? Why He did that to Lauren like that? Well, Lauren's single for a whole host of other reasons. Even he Don't know my life. Well, first of all, I'm sure you're shingle By choice. Thank you. That's first of all, That's not what her mama say. Damn. Her mama said something else, Eva. My mom did say nothing about that. Your mama said, my mama. My mom wants me to be happy wherever I'm going to be happy at. And she understands that I she's giving up.


She under no she hasn't. She understands that I am at a point where I need what we talked about. Like I need somebody that can really like, handle things and carry me the way that I need to be here. I don't think she's ready to settle down though. Oh, do you mind me asking your age? 32. Oh girl, you better play. Enjoy. And that's what she's Doing. You better play. That's what she's doing. Enjoy. In these thirties, I have my first kid around that time. I have three now. I turned 40 this year. Enjoy these thirties, twenties. You were just figuring out your feminine hygiene properly. Jesus. Thirties you get into That is true. That is a no. It it's true. It's very true. You getting your pH balance together, you figuring out like what worked for me, what learning how To shave, what To shave knee. Do I shave? Do I wag? Do I lay down? Wow. He also be telling people I don't shave my underarms.


I shave. She Just started shave. It was, She came in here with low fur. Janelle Monnet doesn't shave her underarms. I shaved my underarm on purpose. This means You don't have to, you don't have to defend at this. You don't have to shave your, any parts of your body. If. you want to, some people men like Wombat. Yeah, Wombats. But You know she had Like little white balls on her head. Sometimes. And I hate when the men have that though. I did not have that. They're lying. They're like, they're literally sitting here and lying to You. Huh? Can see. Yeah. Can I see? Don't Play. No, I be shaving. I be waxing. I cute. You cute. I'm grown as hell. He just is like a troll. He just, this is, Look at him. This is what we call a hater. This Is what he enjoys.


Oh. But I do want guys to learn how to, like you said, present with character. Yes. I, I really do. I I do too. I do too. But You know They not there yet. It's come up season. So I'm gonna give my brothers their flowers because I see so many black men in different position making better decisions, running their businesses and doing their things. And so if that means I'm gonna have, I told one of my friends, go have your Marcus Grand moment. Like go live in the city in Soho and get you a little house. Like live your life. I want my boys to do that. I want my boys to live. I don't want them to settle down until they are ready. And they found the one because divorce is hard, heartbreak is real.


And when you've ever truly love someone, you will never stop. See, it's like insecurities is the, is the biggest thing, right? Because you are a star. So when whoever you date and sees you with other people, it feels like they would have to feel away. Right? It's Always a thing and it's not a thing. You Know they're not grown. Right? But they are grown. But it's just like, oh, they're not Grown. If they have those type of insecurities or they don't trust The World Or they haven't done the work. That's why I know so many women who will not date a guy who has not gone to therapy. Even when you look at this movie, this dude clearly had some unhealed trauma that he didn't deal with before he went in and he damn sure didn't deal with it while he was in. No. So he just came home projecting on everybody. But no, he actually, when you watch the movie Buried Alive and Survived, he actually did do some therapy.


And you'll see that it's about application. To me, life is about three things. That's true. It's about living, it's about learning and it's about applying. So you live, you learn from whatever it is you did bad. And then you apply whatever that lesson is. And so you can know what to do. You just gotta do what you're supposed to do. Right? You know you're supposed to flaws your teeth twice a day. Three times a day. But do you Real? That's the question You know what I mean? So I think a lot of times we just You know we take the easy way out. And because we're grown, we use the fact that like I'm grown, I can do whatever I wanna do versus being disciplined and doing what you're supposed to do and need to do. So what do you want people to take from this movie? Like when they watch it?


I want people to take from this movie men and women that are going through any sense of struggle that feel like they are at the bottom of the mountain or trapped in their box of whatever it is in their career, in their relationships. Specifically domestic violence. But whatever it is you think that you can't get out of that is a lie from the pit of hell. Fear is real, but it is nothing but a thought. It is in your mind. It is not a, it is not a real thing. So If, you can fight through your fear. I will tell you to climb out of your box. Do what you have to If. you have no fingernails. After you scrape through it, it doesn't matter.


Climb up. Keep clawing, If. you have to close your eyes 'cause that dirt is getting in there. It doesn't matter. If. you have to cry your way up. Climb out of your box. By the time you look up, you will be at the top of your mountain. That is what I want you to know. Were you in a box for real Dead ass? They put you in an actual coffin. I was in actual shipping crate nailed shut. What? Oh God. It was what Your name was shut. But because he was burying me alive, killing me. And they couldn't have magnets. No. It was real. Like the And And I know I'm an actor. And I know it's not real. But there's something about that moment being in there and imagining because it is ripped from the headlines. Right. So it's imagining this real woman being put in a box by a man that she has loved for all these years.


And not only that, but I have a 14-year-old son out here to take care of and is a young king in this world that has nobody but me. Right. I can't stay in this box. But yes, I was completely nailed into a box and terrified my boy Rob had to say, all right, cut, cut, cut. Let her out, let her out, let her breathe. He was scared for me. Wow. You Are you claustrophobic in any way? Now? I am. I don't wanna be in a box. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know I yeah. Don't like to get trapped. Wow. Did anybody apologize to you? 'cause I, I remember when the pictures came out and you You know you had looked like you lost a lot of weight and then you told everybody. I Did. I did lose a lot Of weight. Oh, I know, but did you told everybody it was because of your depression or your divorce.


But did anybody apologize to you because of that? Because You know people jumped to conclusions when they see the pictures. No, everybody just said, I had all kind of diseases and stuff online and talk dirty. I was afraid to come in here today. 'cause I was wondering like, I'm me. You were good to me. Have good days. Some people have bad days, but I've met you first time 15 years ago. And. I was, I remember this size. So I know that I did house by. I was pregnant, was pink Teacup, pink Teacup. All of us were there. I remember. I Remember Because you said something nice to me. And I'm not used to compliments. So I know and Charlamagne know what to say. He started stuttering. I was a fan of yours. I was nobody. Yeah, you are. You've always been somebody, even If you knew it or not. Nobody. You were like, you a fan, a stuttering person than you did on camera.


And he started stuttering. He started You know we made fun of him Because, okay. 'cause at that time you were on radio most of the time. And, I think Brett was club had like just started just literally. So we were just able to like get a, a face to the voice. Mm, that's right. And a lot of times old school, radio, you remember like Brandy, nobody knew that Theo was Asian. Like And. I You know For real. Yes. When he came out, we were all so surprised that father The quiet storm. Yes. Yes. So a lot of times you have no idea And I was like, okay, Charlemagne, he was stuttering. We hadn't even done The Breakfast Club of a Year. I don't think we had done in six months yet. I wasn't even Yet very early. I had just met, I just saw the voice to the face.


And I was like, okay, it. Thank you. And at that point I thought you were blind. I thought you were blind at that point. What happened? What Are you trying to say? That Charlamagne is not attractive. Envy You Know what Charlamagne thinks. He looks like Morris Chesnut. No. Morris Chesnut thinks that Charlamagne looks like Morris Char. No he doesn't. Morris Chesnut was on Juniper Hudson shirt and he says he gets mistaken from me. He said that That's a goddamn lie. I'm just telling you what he said he's blind to. Okay. Because T Wonder was the one, I don't know. I don't know. He, he said that, I don't know. I don't know. He said that You guys are both handsome, beautiful black men. You like the look alike. I Don't even hear this. I don't hear this. Thank You Eva. But you do have you have the, this in the mouth. I could see a little bit. Thank you very much. I can see a little bit. Thank you. You squint a little bit. The side.


This sky Squint. Oh, I thought you said me Squint. I'm sorry. I even ladies. No. Oh gosh Way. I Have more stuff for you. I have one more question I got because I'm a fan of you on Housewives. I know you're not on the show. Oh Lord. Would you ever So never again. Never ever again. All the Queens men, baby. All the queens. Okay. Got Yeah. Season four is gonna drop after Buried Alive. Okay. Yes. So no Housewives questions? You can ask Housewives questions. I Don't mind. I I just wanted to know your thoughts on the Kenya suspension and all that or what? Firing. Oh, even more. That's my girl. Gotcha. That is my girl. I have a baby GRS in my sun room because of her. Her daughter is my niece Brookie. I love her.


I don't know honestly enough about the situation to speak on it. Yeah. What I do know is that the show is no holds bars. Yeah. So I don't know when bars started getting held. That's why I wanted to ask you, because I feel like during your season it was like that, that you were a part of the last Good Seasons before they got rid of some people. And then I, I thought that this was gonna bring all of that back. And now they're like, oh no, you can't be on the show anymore because you're doing what we know the show to be. So, I don't Know. I don't even know what really happened though. Right. I don't has has it aired yet? No, it has not. Did that air, I don't even No, it didn't. It Hasn't air yet, Don. So No it Hasn't. It just became Chatter. It was so big. It felt like the show should have happened right after that. But what's so dope is Kenya Moore has a new hair salon in Atlanta.


She's out there helping trusses and helping people grow their hair. Her haircare line is doing amazing And she came up here and spoke about it. Yeah. That's my girl. Yeah. So I don't really know what happened with the situation. I think Housewives lost a real one without Kenya. Yeah, because Kenya is one to definitely speak her mind. She is very pro-Black. She's an amazing, amazing mom. I feel like that's one thing that they do not shed enough light on. She's a crazy dope mom. Like I tell her to bring her daughter to my house and then she comes and she stays. I'm like, no, you go Like, no. She's like one of those mom, like we we Here together. No. Right. And she's like, no, I'm just gonna chill. Like she's like, she's, she's such a beautiful woman.


You know. But as a black woman, You know strength is a requirement, especially a black woman in America. So she wears her armor all day, every day. And she does what the show called for. Right. And so I don't know what happened, but I know that she will always land on her feet. I know that she, God has her and has a story written for her. So I wish her the best. And if I didn't have locks, And, I would go get my hair done by her. And Go ahead. What do you think Housewives need to do to rebrand? Because You know Kandy left K's not there anymore. What do you think the Housewives franchise K's not there. Is she Now, what do you think they need to do to rebrand? Bring candy back, candy Burst Tucker. That's The whole new cast. Or you think just bring the original crew back?


You know what, it doesn't matter. Black influence is everything. That's right. So as long as you bring black entrepreneurs and inspiring creatives on the show, I think you'll see some magic. I saw Nene just made her like first return back to just the network in general with NI love that for her. Do you so being being in that like wheelhouse of NBC and all that stuff, like NBC Uni. Yeah. Like do you think that, does that mean that there's a chance for her to get back close or get on Housewives or do you think that that's like completely done as well too? Like, 'cause we were so excited when we saw it. I don't even know Does, I mean, I have no clue. If you even if she even wants to do it. Got you. But I'm excited about her new show. I did see a clip on Instagram.


She had like blonde hair. My homegirl para beat her face. She looked pretty. I love it. Well thank You. Well Eva, Marcel, we appreciate you for joining us this morning and check out Buried Alive and Survive Premieres Saturday at eight seven Central or Lifetime. And thank you so much. Thanks For having me. It's Eva. Marcel, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Wake That Ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album Sponsored by 1111 media


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independents and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity,


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm


Every day when you log into chumba casino.com. The ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine If, you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I chose French fries, overloaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care, I updated my operating system without having to call tech support. Collect your free daily bonus@jumbocasino.com now and live the jumbo life BDW group. Necessary prohibit by terms conditions. 18 plus.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice Gold is zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.