
This is an iHeartPodcasts. Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful.


My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that because of St. Jude,


You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's former protege television personality. Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning, everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne, the God. We are The Breakfast Club.


We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. Humble, a poet. He's back. Ladies and gentlemen. New Book. UN 50 Simple Truths to Help Overthinkers feel less stress and more Calm. Hmm. Morning Dad. Good morning. How You feeling? Feeling fantastic. Good. Good, good, good. Easier said than done, but it can be done. As somebody who deals with anxiety, You know what? It's, it, it, it gets harder and harder, but it gets more and more worth it. Yes. Mm. I agree. And we just gotta change the conversation. And I'm realizing that like, step one, stop talking about anxiety. Like it's herpes. Hmm. Like it's Herpes. Yeah. I have anxiety. She has anxiety. Anxiety is a normal feeling. Anxiety is a signal. It's like hunger.


You don't say I'm hungry. What's wrong with me? You say, I feel hungry because it's been like eight hours since I ate. It's the same thing Mel. Robin said it. You, instead of saying, I'm anxious, say I feel anxious because Yeah, I feel anxious because I got bills to pay. I feel anxious because somebody I like hasn't texted me back. I feel anxious because I drank too many coffees this morning. And it's like, no one, the reason allows you to understand the first step instead of looking at ourselves like, we're failing because we have this signal and this emotion. Because when we think we're failing, we have anxiety. What do we do? We try to distract. We try to medicate, we try to avoid. That is water, by the way. And, and then, and then the other crazy part is, I think once you recognize what's causing the anxiety, you get to determine whether or not you have any control over it.


And once you realize you have no control over it, you're like, eh, Well, what I'm realizing in the last month, this book came out two months ago. I was supposed to be on the show a month ago, and everything worked out where things got pushed a month. And for this last month, I've been on a really intense journey to reboot my system. Mm. So complete sobriety, complete abstinence, complete celibacy. And then all of a sudden I realized your relationship with things on the outside will let you know how much control you have. So really what the issue is, our anxiety systems is an outdated security system. It was there to protect us in a world that we don't live in no more. So what happens is, like, think about your phone.


Your phone comes with a bunch of apps on them that aren't useful. They're not useful no more. Yeah. You may or may not use, you can't get rid of the calculator app on your phone whether you like it or not. All we can do with this, our operating system is we can reboot and we can update, we can update our server. We can update our system. That requires getting it out of our system temporarily. If you eat hot sauce every single day, what happens? You need more and more and more just to taste it. You want to reboot your system. What do you gotta do? You gotta get hostile outta your life. And then maybe after a month you taste it again. That's gonna taste different. What, What got you to the point where you said you needed a reboot? What got you there with like, this is time. My entire life, I've always just been focusing on freedom.


I grew up in an activist space, but also like, I want to be financially free. I don't want to have a day job. I don't want all these things. And then when you start jumping out of these cages, you start realizing the biggest cage you've ever built is the one that you built for yourself. And what we do is we decorate it by, you know, negotiating. We decorate it by using our intelligence. And we start saying, no, no, no, I'm not. I'm not a slave to my habits. I'm not a slave to my impulses. Like, I just want to enjoy life. I just want to experience the depth of life. But we're just intellectualizing our addiction. So I realized, I've hit that point in my life where I was like, oh, the biggest cages, the biggest fences that I'm stuck behind are the ones that I built. And I realized like, okay, the basic story is something on the outside needs to happen for me to feel calm and safe on the inside.


That's the relationship. All of this anxiety talk is that simple idea. Something on the outside needs to happen for me to feel safe on the inside. Whether that's taking a vape, whether that's drinking alcohol, whether that's having sex, whether that's eating in front of the tv, whether that's taking your phone to the toilet. 'cause for people who take their phone to the toilet, try not to take your phone to the toilet word and you will have an anxiety attack. Hmm. For people, a friend of mine always eats in front of TikTok And I said, try it one time. Try it one time not to eat with your screen on. They ate half the meal. Because we realize we live in a world, in a system that gets very powerful when we're on autopilot.


And now autopilot is us outsourcing our stimulation, outsourcing our outsourcing, our regulation. We're like, yo, I can only feel safe from things on the outside. I need that just to get to zero. But when you let it all go and you go through this process and it sucks, it sucks. You know what? Emini here, the withdrawal sucks. Then all of a sudden you realize, oh, I can create this dopamine on the inside. Dopamine from the outside hijacks you, dopamine from the inside builds you. What was the most, oh, go ahead. What does an anxiety attack look like? So anxiety, just from a scientific, so I want people to understand this conversation is not philosophical.


It's not spiritual, it's not moral. This conversation is just psychological and biological. So I'm not here to judge anybody's choices. Anxiety is just adrenaline and cortisol. So what happens is the body doesn't know what's happening. The body just knows things are changing. So when the body gets charged, it thinks there's danger. That's what we call it, fight or flight. But there's more levels. It's called a polyvagal system. You have freeze. So if something intense happens, we just freeze. Don't puts a gun to your face, you've never seen a gun before. You're just gonna freeze. You don't get to choose that. Then there's fight or flight, which now has turned into fight and or scroll. And then we also have safety. And then the new one that's being introduced right now is fawn. Right? So freeze is play dead fight or flight is runaway or fight fawn is, I'm gonna make you love me.


So this is a big one, especially for men, because men aren't walking into romantic situations thinking about their safety the way women do. But men have to think about safety. And they don't realize when they feel unsafe, which is nervous, they fawn, they get extra charming. And now we're, we're performing. Right? And we have to recognize that. So it took me 15 days of not doing all the big stuff to realize that there's a second layer to this, a third layer, fourth layer, you have to keep going down. So yeah, cool. Performing for beautiful women, but also like my nephew was just here on the weekend visiting. I started performing for him because I wanna be the cool uncle. Mm. That's also fawning. That's also an anxiety. That's me trying to avoid anxious feelings.


Right? Like the moral of the stories. Feel your feelings and is going to suck. Put the phone away. Eat the meal. Feel the burn that's about to come. That burn is adrenaline and cortisol. That's what you need to protect your kids. That's what you need to get away from danger. But we're, we're getting triggered in moments that aren't physically dangerous anymore. Do you feel Like we take the word anxiety and it's used too much already? For Sure. It's, it's, it's a, it's a, from what you're saying, it's a natural feeling. Right? I'm about to go on stage. There's thousands of people out there. You get a little anxious. But it's not like a lot of us, I, I'm sure some people do, but we don't get that anxious where it's like, oh, I can't go on stage. It's like you get that little feeling and then it's like, all right, I gotta go. And then you just go and do it.


But I feel like a lot of times people use the word anxious and anxiety as a a, a such a negative tool. It's like a, a nasty naughty word. When, when you, when you talk about it sometimes. Absolutely. As I said, we treat it like it's herpes. Like we treat it like it's a condition. And only some people have it, some people don't. We give it like my anxiety, like it's like it's an individual problem. Anxiety is a society problem. But, well, so Many people do have anxiety disorders where they have actually have to take medication. Absolutely. People have anxiety disorders. Yes. But the situation with that is, if you have an anxiety disorder, if you're bipolar, if you have any mental health issue, there are still things that we can all do to improve how we feel. I'm not saying we're gonna cure it. I'm not even saying we can reboot and delete our old system, but we can make choices.


Simple choices. Get more sleep than you need. Drink more water than you need. Get more sunlight than you need and stay away from assholes. Which is why knowing the word anxiety is good. Like I think, I think knowing, knowing the language and knowing what it is you're going through is good. Because now you can identify it and then you can find cures for It. So the issue with that is, And I, it's kind of like the word woke, right? You that came from er Badu. Right. Stay woke. And then Childish Gambino made it even More popular out They water. And it meant something. It meant be aware. It meant be self-aware, Emini here know what's going on. And now it's been weaponized and changed the other way. It's almost an insult now, right? Oh, the woke mob, the woke language changes.


That's what happened with mental health. You know, we're all millennials. We remember back, back in the days when you talked about mental health, people thought that meant like insane asylums and shade jackets crazy. Then we got to like, okay, things have been normalized. You don't have to be embarrassed to say that you saw a therapist or something. Now it's gone too far the other way where we treat mental health and we use that language completely incorrectly. We are, we think we have to protect our mental health. Like it's some like crystal flower that like if somebody come near, we have to protect our peace. We have to protect our mental health. Mental health is just like physical health. So what I'm gonna say is let's, the words been used up has been weaponized. Just like, well let's use mental fitness because you don't say when it comes to your physical health, well I'm not gonna climb these stairs 'cause gravity's gonna make it harder.


Hmm. It is like, no, the only way that you can climb stairs is to keep climbing it. We have machines in the gym just for you to climb stairs when you don't even need to climb stairs. Why? To prepare you for the times that you have to, we out here dead lifting, lifting heavy weights. The heavier the weight, the more we know the workout mattered. So then when our friends ask us to move a couch, and again, if you're over 30, stop asking your friends to help you move a couch. But when you're ready to do it, because you are voluntarily putting yourself in uncomfortable situations. We don't have that for our mental health. We don't have mental fitness training. We're not voluntarily putting ourselves in uncomfortable mental situations. So we get stronger. Instead we're like, I gotta protect my peace. No, your peace protects you.


You don't protect your mental health. Your mental health protects you. Just like your physical health protects you. You wanna be able to pick up your kids. So you go to the gym, you know what I'm saying? My kids are heavy. Gravity keeps holding them down. I wish we lived on the moon. It'll be lighter. No, you're like, I gotta go to the gym. So the longer, for longer and longer I can hold my kids up to the point where I'm going to the gym just so I can open a jar when I'm 80. But there's, So that's, that's an interesting point. But there's, there's other things that go into, you know, keeping your, your physical health. Right. Right. Like it's not just working out. Yep. It's diet. Yep. So you refrain from certain things. Yes. Therefore, you are protecting your physical. You're not gonna eat so much processed foods. You're not gonna eat so much sugar. Absolutely. You gonna take in so many cough. So what are we doing for mental health? The same thing. I think you should refrain from certain things.


Like if you know certain things trigger you, you should refrain from that. I completely disagree. I Completely disagree. I'm not your piece. If there's something I know that I'm not gonna like, And I don't have to be around it and it doesn't affect my daily life. Yeah. Like why would you Emini here? I'm, I'm, No, I know. I know. Why would I dive into it if I know I'm not gonna like it And I know it's gonna make me feel a certain way And I don't need it in my life. Absolutely. So let's evolve. So for example, if it was an easy day at the gym, it wasn't a good day at the gym. Right? It had to, had to kind of suck that trigger. It had to be a struggle. Right. Your triggers aren't what you're supposed to avoid. The triggers are the roadmap. Your triggers are showing you where all the work is. But what we've done now is we've created mental health to the point where it's like, I'm just gonna sidestep everything that makes me feel gross.


That gross feeling, that adrenaline and cortisol, that's the body being like, I'm in danger when you're not. You know, I'm, I'm coming, doing this interview, it's a big deal. I get a little bit nervous. The mantra has to be, okay, this feels uncomfortable, but I'm not in danger. Our body thinks we're in danger. Right. Instead, what needs to happen is our triggers are what's revealing to us where the work is. When we always talk about being healed, you heal. So think about it physically. If you were eight years old and you fell off your bike and broke your arm, you didn't just experience physical trauma and keep it moving. You went to the hospital, you, you got your arm fixed up. But as children, we experienced mental trauma and kept it moving.


As adults, we feel the same way. So it's like we have to address that. And, and that's the way it gets stronger. For example, simple example. I walk by somebody, let's say, you know, I walk by somebody and, and they got a perfume on and, and all of a sudden I get triggered and first things first I just wanna get away from them. I wanna soothe. I wanna look at my phone. I wanna do something to feel better. Cool. Maybe the next day after I'm well-rested, I'm well hydrated, I get some sleep, whatever. I'm like, yo, what was that? Lemme reflect on that. Oh, snap. That was my ex's. That was her smell. That was her fragrance. That's why I got triggered by that. Then the next step is to go to the store, find that fragrance and voluntarily smell it. Put yourself back into that. Instead we're like, well that person's a narcissist.


That person's toxic. I gotta stay away from this. This, I gotta stay away from all these things. What that's doing is that's at the expense of our resilience. I think it's situational. Right? Because I get what you're saying. I understand it And I understand what they're saying too. For instance, this is a, a real example. I work here, right? Alright. Interviews give me anxiety. Like they used to give me ex like I love meeting people and all that, but I never know what I wanna ask. You get what I'm saying. So, but I can't just not do it. This is my job. Like I can't just not do it. So I have to face it head on and both of them gimme tips. They, you know, men mentor me with it as well. And I'm getting better at it.


I'm not as good as I feel like I wanna be or I should be. But it's still, I still get anxiety doing interviews, you know, just, just being as transparent as I can be. But it doesn't bother me as much as it used to. But sometimes, depending on the person or whatever, I'm like, yo, I'd be like, no, yo, I I ain't trying to do this. Lauren step in or whatever. You know what Emini here, she's our other cohost. But I like, how, how would you treat that? Or how would you give advice for That? Yeah. You're, you're illustrating the point. You're illustrating the point perfectly and in the beginning, 'cause you're new to this, you know, especially in comparison to folks that have been doing it for like over a decade. Yeah. Your body's like, this is new, this is uncomfortable. I don't want to do it.


That's generally what the, the body's saying, the body, the amygdala, little tiny almond size part of our brain. It is just like, I don't know what this is. It's gotta be danger. Hmm. Right. So that's what your body's saying to you. And the only way, and this, and this is the reason that this, this has to go beyond this book. We can hear these ideas, but the only way the body can actually believe this is through practice. Hmm. And the only reason you're getting less and less anxious feelings around the interviews is by doing more and more interviews. Yeah. Now, if you're just like, this don't feel good. I'm never gonna do it. Lemme go find a different job. Let me go, you know, do something else. So I don't wanna feel this. Now you're robbing yourself of resilience. Right. Who you're gonna be a year from now, five years from now, 10 years from now by doing more and more interviews.


You're getting your reps in. This is, this is part of your mental fitness that you're doing. This exactly. Illustrates the point. And I'm not saying take on too much weight. Just like when you go to the gym, don't take on too much weight. Start light focus on your form. It's the same thing. Ease yourself in, get into it. But it gets to the point where you realize all of these things that we've been avoiding, we've been outsourcing our safety, our phones through, do everything. You Know? 'cause it's like if you follow a, let's say a site Right. Or a social media site. Yeah. And all the social media site does nothing but post negativity. Yeah. And if you say, you know what, I'm gonna leave that alone. 'cause it fs up my energy. Yeah. But unfollow it, I'm gonna block you. I don't See a problem with that. That that protects Your energy. That's diet. That's diet. That's diet. That, that's sugar.


You're realizing I'm outsourcing my dopamine and that, that's hijacking me. That's not a bad thing to protect That energy. That's not, no, that's not a bad thing. And here, and here's the thing. 'cause I was thinking about that. 'cause I know there was, there was a j Cole interview where he did two years off social media and then he came back and he was like, oh. It was like, I never left. Right. Right. It's kinda like eating a salty potato chip. You're like, I ain't had one two years. All of a sudden. Perfect example. I haven't been on social media for a month, obviously. I went on The Breakfast Club yesterday to look stuff up and then all of a sudden I went, I fell down the rabbit hole. Mm. I found, you know, the job is mine video I saw then, then I wasn't even on the site no more. Now I'm watching, you know, 10 times people tried to check Charlamagne. I'm watching this stuff that's not even on The Breakfast Club. Correct. And I got lost in it. I've got into autopilot.


Right. So it's understanding that this stuff was still created by the smartest people in The World who were paid by the richest people in The World for the explicit goal of hijacking us and keeping us in autopilot. Absolutely. Now, what I realized was like, well, if j Cole can't do it, I can't do it. And I realized what j Cole didn't do. J Cole took one specific thing and addressed it. We gotta do all the things, all the outside things we have to attain from all of them until we reboot our system. And so it's not like, oh, I'm gonna stop eating this hot sauce, but I'm gonna eat all this hot sauce and my, my tongue will reset. No, we gotta get rid of all the hot sauce. So it's gotta be the phone, it's gotta be the porn. It's gotta be the vape.


It's gotta be the hookah. It's gotta be the alcohol, it's gotta be the foods. It's gotta be the people. It's gotta be all of it until the system reboots. This isn't Monk life forever. This is doing a reset max 90 days. And then you get to this point where you can go back, like right where I'm at right now, one of my reps every day is go back on social media and just try to find the prettiest girl and look at her and pay attention to see what it does to my body. Hmm. One of my boys, Chris, and, and, and the story about him in the book. But he, you know, he had to, he had to go through, he had a lot of issues initially with substances and he got sober. And this was happening during like the Blackberry phase before smartphones was a thing. So he never got on smartphones.


And I remember in like 2018, showing him Instagram for the first time. Hmm. And him seeing a girl on Instagram was like giving a baby a potato chip. Like his eyes lit. He has never seen it before. And then you realize that. But if we go in with that awareness, it's like, all right, listen, I'm not gonna avoid this stuff forever, but I'm gonna first retrain and rewire my system. Now I can go in and now I'm going in sovereign. You know, I, I I I, it's interesting what you're talking about. I remember having a conversation one time in therapy And I was complaining about some stuff that was happening on social media. And my therapist was like, can't you just turn your phone off? And I, I was, in my mind, I was a little pissed off. I'm like, I'm paying you $150 an hour to hear this type of language. But she's right in a lot of ways.


Like I don't feel like I have to, you know, subject myself to abuse or pain just to try to get over something when I could just walk away from it. That's right. Yeah. Because we're outsourcing our dopamine and, and, and the most potent dopamine is chaos. Right. It's chaos. That's social media. It is chaos. It's the reason, the biggest video on The Breakfast Club platform right now is the Birdman. It's chaos. Right. It's not gonna be a meaningful conversation. It's just, we all look at car crashes. We all look at that stuff. It catches our attention. So If we're in verbally abusive relationships with our smartphones, why would we stay there? Because I, because I'm, And I, I'm, I'm just gonna use an extreme example. If you were in an actual physical, abusive relationship, you wouldn't tell that person, just stay there and take the hits.


Eventually you'll get over it. I feel like that is the one positive thing about our phones. It'll help people understand why people stay in abusive relationships. Hell No. Really talk to me Because we're in an abusive relationship with our phone and we can't let it go. And the reason why it's a slot machine, right? It's not always good, but we have unanticipated rewards. It's bad, but when it's good, it feels so good. It's like, see trash. I see trash. Oh, a cute puppy. Ah, it was all worth it. That half an hour doing scrolling was worth it. Right. Same thing, being in any abusive relationship. Addiction is wanting more of the thing that almost works. Craving is just a memory of comfort.


And that's all we're chasing. All we're chasing is trying to get back down to zero. We're just heightened. Even after this conversation, some of us might instantly just pick up our phones. 'cause we don't wanna hear the silence. 'cause this is where our system has been. Our nervous system has been dysregulated for so long. And it's not our fault. This world is a dumpster fire. This system was not designed for this world. We were designed to live in communities of like 200, 300 people max. We should know the faces of every single person in our lives. Right. So it sounds like you're saying we should disconnect. Not just disconnect from your phone. Your phone is one of the bosses. We gotta disconnect from everything. Everything. And if we do it from everything long enough, then we can go back and we'll go back.


Sovereign. This is the thing, and this is where you start to realize like Kendrick Lamar Energy. 'cause what I realize where I'm at right now is I'm pa I'm past the substances now. I'm, I I've discovered the enemies And I'm looking for the spies. And my big spy right now is I chase being chosen by anybody who has power over my value. So in the beginning it's like, all right, yeah, cool. I want validation for pretty girls. Oh, I want people who are in positions of power to make me feel like I matter. But then it became like, alright, my parents came to visit me here and you know, I, you know, they were clowning you on taking your kids to Wicked. I took my parents to, to see the Lion King. My parents have never seen a live play. And I'm sitting there, do you like it? Do you like it? Do you like it? They've never seen a play before. This whole experience is is brand new for them.


Well, what I clocked was I just want their validation. Then I want to go into my, my siblings chat group and see if they said anything to my sisters so I can get more validation. Right now I have to figure out, well where, where are those leaks? The leaks aren't just, I want people to validate me. It's also, I fear being misunderstood. I want people to understand me. And then you realize like, oh snap. That's like the one thing. A guy like Kendrick Lamar doesn't, the one thing we can say, he doesn't care about being understood because he never clarifies anything. But what's wrong with you wanting that validation from your parents? Like, oh, yo, you really took us to, this is dope. We never seen this in our lives. I'll Tell you exactly. Yeah. Emini here. Their comments were way more hilarious. Okay. Which is like, this is play's been on for 25 years.


How come the kids are so young? Right? Like they, they've never seen a play. Right. And they probably thought that I paid movie ticket prices to sit up front. Like they had no concept of what was happening. It's the simple story. Something on the outside has to happen for me to feel good on the inside. And I know this because all of us do have relationships with things that we call vices that are not slavery. For me it's pizza. I like pizza. I don't crave pizza. And me and you have plans to go eat pizza right now. And five minutes before the the plan, we get to cancel and you gotta be, oh, let's get tacos instead. We couldn't get pizza. I would not be emotionally impacted. Right. That's how all of this should be.


Like, you forget your phone at home. It should feel like, all right, cool. No issues. Oh hell. Exactly. No, it's gonna take work. I'm not, I'm not, like I said, this is not a moral conversation. Not philosophical biology. I got kids though. I got kids. Yeah. And then, you know, I'm not from here. I got a mom that I really, you know what I'm saying? I, I got businesses. I Understand. And I understand that's more so the part, not even just social media or just, I Don't know. I understand. Listen, I Understand. I, I don't know. I don't know if that can apply to everything. I, I think I, I, I think what you're saying can apply to something. 'cause it's like, that's why I feel like it's situation. Like you say you're a alcohol abuser or a drug abuser, right? Yeah. You know, you go to rehab, they tell you to stay away from those things. Stay away from those environments. Don't walk into a bar because it may tempt you.


I don't think, I think if you're a recovering alcoholic, you don't go sit in a bar and just hope. I I don't, I don't want to drink anymore. Absolutely. You know what Emini here, And I, and I'm not advocating for that as, as I said, I'm talking about the day-to-day everyday people and us ex exploring. 'cause the issue with us is we are, we're living in autopilot. We don't even know what our addictions are. You know? And there are certain things. So for example, when this is all said and done, there are certain things that are never coming back. And I, and, And I did this journaling through AI and everything to figure out, so I can go back to weed. That's, that's not a, that's not something, that's something that I can have sovereignty over. I can never go back to porn. Porn rewires the brain. I can never go back. I can never go back to multitasking.


Mm. Okay. So I can never eat in front of a screen ever again. That the non-negotiable. I can have a shot of tequila, I can have sex again. Right. But I can't, you know, I could do some hookah, I could, I could eat certain foods, but there's certain things that are never coming back. And that's, that's the interesting part about, as I said, it's not alright, you know, if you have a longstanding relationship with alcohol, go back to the bar. No, not at all. However, you know, as I said, I have a friend who's 10 years sober. He can, he, he figured it out. You know, he figured out a situation that works for him. But as I, as I said, the first goal is the awareness. Like, when I'm doing this, I'm not being like, oh, today I I I, I went completely sober. I won. No, today I had a league, you know, some pretty girl talked to me on the street, told me my puppy was cute, I got performative.


That's data. It's not pass or fail. It's pass or collect data because, and this is where being nice to yourself is essential. We have to be, we have to be vigilant, but we have to be nice to ourselves. We can't beat ourselves up over this. But the goal here is sovereignty. The goal and sovereignty is different from freedom. 'cause freedom is, I can, I can do whatever I want. Sovereignty is, I can control who I am. Right? Because you can be free. You can be financially free and, and buy seven iPhones and get pissed off. When you see something on the internet, you're not, you're not sovereign. Sovereign is to be unimpacted by that. It's just gonna take work. It's just like, just like your physical fitness. You want to have the ability to pick up heavy things. Day one at the gym is gonna suck. And in the morning after it's gonna suck even more.


You take two weeks off and you go back again.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes Premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's, former protege television personality, platinum selling artist, Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. Aubrey Oday is sitting next to us. Here you are. As we sit here, right up the street from where the trial is taking place. Some people saw that you were going to be in New York. Yeah. And they immediately started jumping to conclusions. So can you clear that up? First of all, are you here to testify in the Diddy drop? Aubrey will offer her opinions and expertise based on her firsthand knowledge from her days on making the band as she emerged as the breakout star. The truth of the situation would be opposite of the glitz and glamor.


It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Made for This mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify. The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast. Focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully. If all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And what are we doing? We're, we're voluntarily tearing these muscles and letting them heal back. I'm voluntarily tearing up my mental health by doing this stuff in the next month. I have to do a 72 hour fast just to figure out what is left. What else am I hiding in here? Because as I said, the big stuff is easy to discover. It's the little things, the little validation, the little performance. Figuring out what all of this is. And I think this is really important again, and this isn't what you need to do on day one. On day one is just recognize anxiety isn't herpes. Anxiety isn't a condition. This book isn't gonna solve anxiety. This book is going to solve your despair around anxiety. People feel helpless around anxiety.


I got, this book is actually 52 chapters, 52 different options. When you're having anxious feelings, the big idea is feel the feelings when it sucks. Can you sit in a room by yourself quietly? They did that shock test. Letting people sit in the room quietly and when they want, either they can just sit in the room or shock themselves and and leave. And most people pick to shock themselves. And this, if you wanna deal with anxiety, create a life that allows you to sit in a room and do absolutely nothing. And remember that we're human beings. We're not human doings. And right now we're constantly medicating, avoiding, and distracting ourselves by doing stuff. So This, so this isn't for people who actually have anxiety disor disorders. It's people who just deal with everyday anxiousness.


Well, what I'm gonna say is because as I said, the pendulum and the mental health conversation has gone so far. So many of us are self diagnosing. That's step number one. I agree with that. Step number two is, if you have even a diagnosed anxiety disorder, let's Just say your body produces extra cortisol and adrenaline, there are still choices and decisions that you can make that will improve how you feel in a day-to-day life. I agree. And and that's the important part. It's like we we're, we're not, we're not standing in one spot. We're either heading in one, we're either strengthening our sovereignty or strengthening our slavery every single day with the choices that we make, irrespective of what our mental health and diagnosis is. And the other thing too, with mental health conversations and cultures, we use those words as the end of the story.


That's, I agree with that. And see, as a person who's been clinically diagnosed with anxiety disorder, one of my things that helped me with that is staying away from the fuck shit. But I agree with what you're saying because we, we talk about it, but then we don't do the the the healing work. Yeah. We don't talk about the actual healing of it. Yeah. Like if you've been diagnosed with a broken arm and then you out there walking and lifting heavy things, that's gonna make, you know, nobody's arguing that your arm isn't broken. But the choices that you make moving forward are either gonna speed up the healing, you can't speed up the healing. Sorry. It's either gonna slow down the healing or, or destroy the healing. That's right. Right. We can't really speed up healing. We just have healing. Just takes time. You gotta respect the time for it. It's the same thing with these mental health diagnosis that we have.


And we don't talk about the healing part of it enough. We don't, I think that there's a lot of conversation about, you know, what it is people are dealing with, but not how to actually get through it. Absolutely. So when we have, so you gotta think about anxiety, like, like an iceberg. You can only see the tip and there's like 90% underneath. We have no idea what's happening. 'cause we haven't done the work to just revisit it. And that work can easily just be journaling and being like, why did this thing make me feel that way? Versus that stuff makes me feel gross. I don't want, because even even going to social media, why is social media triggering me? Well it's letting me know, you know, other people are doing things. I'm seeing other people's highlight reels. I'm comparing it to my behind the scenes and that's making me feel less valuable. That's making me feel less seen, that's making me feel all these things.


It's just the awareness. The goal here is self-awareness and being able to sit and do absolutely nothing. If we want to improve how we feel. Well it's just always negative. Social media used to be fun all the time. I used to love to be on it. It's just always negative now. And people talk about like, oh, the algorithm, algorithm, algorithm. Nah, it's literally people now that people feel like they have a voice and everybody can be heard and everybody, they, they attack, they attack it even when it's not warranted. You know what, Emini here. So it's just, I don't even think it is like us, what we're seeing, how we're programming. I, I think you see it and you put it in our face, you know, pause.


You see it when they put it in our face a certain amount of times, like a number of times we can actually make that decision to be like, yo, I don't, I'm not, I'm not sub I'm not subscribing to this. But let's look at it this way. If, if you give, if kid a, a full bag of candy every single day and we say, well, they should just be able to make the decision not to eat all that candy. Right. When they're, when they're really young. How long has social media existed? We are children when it comes to social media. This is the candy. Yeah. This is like the ultimate candy. This this is the new epidemic. We're in a dopamine epidemic. They flooded the streets with dopamine. We are not designed to know as many people as we know. We're not designed to know about all the news happening.


Yeah. Everywhere. All the time. Right. And then this is a system that encourages negativity. It, it rewards negativity. If you post, It's fueled by the seven deadly sin, It's fueled by those. And think about it, if you post a picture tomorrow and everyone's just like, oh, you look great, you look great, you look great. And then I just comment, well, you don't look all that today. A that comment will pop up straight to the top. It's gonna get the most replies And that'll be the one that make me mad. 'cause like how you don't see what everybody else saying. That's the one. Yeah. But you probably will notice that comment more first than, than the other. The other ones will blend in. We, we have a negative bias that's just in us. Why do we have a negative bias? 'cause we used to live in the wild. We had to assume the worst. You are walking through the forest and you hear a sound.


You have to assume it's something that's gonna kill you. Because if you're wrong, cool. If you're right, you're in danger. We have to assume the worst smart people, really smart people who were paid by very rich people understand this. And they've used it to hijack our attention. Our attention and our focus is the most important thing that we have. And this is my last question about what you said. Going back, you said porn, you can't ever go back to it, right? Yeah. But do you still ever desire or, or crave it? Yes. You know, everything. So you do, As I said, craving is a memory of comfort. Right? Right. So that's not gonna go, as I said, this is not a moral conversation. This is not, porn is right, porn is wrong. This is just, it's a product. It's like sugar. I'm not here to judge sugar, but we know what sugar does, right?


Porn is like sugar for your brain. It rewires your brain. Like there's, there's science behind this. I'm not making this stuff up. I was on the PornHub podcast, you know, I You had a podcast. Yeah, they have a podcast. I was on there And I had a great conversation with them. Nice. That's not the, it's just, it's the product, right? It's an addictive product. Just like coffee. Just like alcohol. These are physically addictive things. The goal is, Hey, mouth started watering thinking about, damn, no, but Let's do it. Like I said, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not here. And I like holier than that stuff. I'm just saying, I'm just saying I'm not, you start, remember, you start reminiscing, right? But at the same time it's like, listen, at the end of the day, the goal here is we're not gonna be able to totally overhaul our system.


Yeah. We've had this software for 50, 60, 70 generations as humans. Right? This world, we live in two, three generations. We're not used to living in cities with millions of people. So this is, this is a situation. So when it comes to stuff like porn, it's like the goal is, as I said, it's the same thing with pizza. It's like, yeah, I like pizza. It's cool when I walk by a pizza spot right now I don't completely jones for the pizza. But if someone invites me out, I can enjoy it And I can understand it's value, but I don't have to look to it to just get me back to calm. This whole idea, you know, what we're chasing even with the porn is the post not clarity. Hmm. That's what we're chasing. We're chasing post. And what is that? We have just dysregulated our system so much that we finally threw that release.


Get a little bit of clarity. But What if you look at porn as something that leads to the nut. And then once you get to the nut, absolutely. You have the clarity. Well that's, you have the clarity or you spend enough time away from all of this stuff. You can live in the clarity. You can live in that clarity. You can live in the nut, like you saying, like not live in the nut. No, Because we don't call it nut clarity. We call it post nut clarity. Clarity post. So after You, after the clarity, you can live in that, that could be your default. Because think about it, especially for guys that post not clarity is the moment you're like, I had just been operating on autopilot. I just spent a bunch of money. I said, did this, I did that. I said all the things. I didn't mean, what is it? Or after the post nut, I like this, I want to be around this person.


I found wifey. This is so interesting. So what if you take the nut and then rub it on your nipples? No. You know what? You know what? Let's, let's let, let's, let's, let's be, no, we, we can talk about that. That's an example of somebody who is continually outsourcing dopamine to the point where it just, they have unlimited resources. They have unlimited power. So it just got wilder and wilder and wilder and wilder. But I also feel like if he would've been into porn and porn PornHub like that and, and got his, his nut off watching that he wouldn't have to do it in person. And there's nobody to tell on him. So Chris Rock said it in tambourine And I remember this and he is like, you know, porn is a issue because your porn searches evolve. But you was, look, you know, it's, it's just like Fat Joe said, today's price ain't yesterday's price.


What you was looking up five years ago ain't what you're looking up now. Yeah. Because choices now more choices. But also you need, you need it to elevate, you need more hot sauce. It's not one drop anymore. I get it. I understand what you're saying. We're Outsourcing. That's all it is. And, and every time we outsource right, we are, we're getting sedated. Hmm. Right. So going back to, to the activism, going back to the freedom. We gotta realize we don't live in this dystopian 1984 world with authoritarian governments. We live in the brave new world where they're controlling us through comfort. That's the tool. Everything. If you wanna get rich, Don't speak too fast about the authoritarian government either. We, we we're on track, We're we're on track. But we gotta realize if we don't have internal sovereignty, it doesn't matter.


But like you said, everything is through comfort. Like even like things like, this may sound crazy, but like Instacart, we ain't gotta go outside to the grocery. Absolutely. Part of my work is I have to pick up all my food. I can't do delivery no more. Yeah. I have to earn, at least earn the meal on some level. I think Naval Rubicon said it any vice, vice plus convenience equals a weapon. Mm. If you gotta climb the top of a mountain to get drunk, you gotta earn it. Fine. We're not doing it. It's been, it's been weaponized against us becoming more and more convenient. Right. Especially with this VC model where it's like they make it convenient and cheap. 'cause someone else gave 'em the money to do it. They get us hooked and then we start paying these crazy prices. These new prices keep coming in. And that's, that's nothing new. Back in the days when cell phones first came out, they used to give us two, three months, unlimited.


Get us used to texting us, used to everything. So then when texting was free after 6:00 PM we were still texting before 6:00 PM 'cause they created our behaviors. They put a leash on us, they molded our behaviors. This is that lack of sovereignty that I'm talking about. This is why this conversation is so important to me. I I'm not here to sell a book. I'm here to at least ring a bell in some people's ears that can't get un rung People who care about being sovereign and care that realize that, hey, I'm either feeding my slavery or I'm feeding my sovereignty. I love the sovereignty angle. I think that makes a lot of sense. You know? 'cause I think that a lot of people don't have, they don't, they don't, they don't have, I don't even think people know what that is.


Absolutely. You know, it's not freedom. It's inner. It is inner control. It's inner command. It's the ability to own your decision. Right. Now we're reacting. That's, that's what a lot of anxious feelings do. Someone cuts us off, we smash on the horn. Someone, you know, that whole Dave Chappelle skit when keeping it real goes wrong. That's people reacting, going into autopilot. A lot of that autopilot came from how you grew up when you were a kid. Right. You didn't, you created software, you created mechanisms, you created your own algorithm. And we never updated it. So maybe you grew up in, in, in a neighborhood where you had to, you had a, a hairpin trigger. You had to, the second someone stepped on your toes, you had to defend yourself. And then you grow up and you're in a situation where those dangers, physical dangers aren't there.


But the body so gets triggered the same way. And maybe now it's disrespect or what have you. All I'm saying is, and and that's the amygdala. You gotta realize the, we have a prefrontal cortex, which is your logical brain. You have the amygdala, which is your survival brain. The amygdala is 11 times faster, which means we will always, we will always react. I'm not advocating and, and promoting some, I'm, I'm Zen. I meditate on top of a mountain. I don't get mad. No. I just clock it quicker. Well, were you sovereign when you were naked and anxious in Germany? No. No. Okay. That was, that's the perfect example. My homeboy lives in Germany. He's my oldest friend. I've known him since we were four years old. And I hurt my, I this is right after 2019.


It was right after doing The Breakfast Club for the first time. And I'm doing a tour in, in England. And I took my parents' cheap luggage. You know, they, they space 60 bucks for like 11 pieces I didn't know back then. So I just grabbed this cheap luggage go and one of the wheels breaks. Then now I'm going to the London tube with a, with a broken wheel. And I injure my shoulder after the tour. I visit my friend in Berlin And I haven't seen him in a while. He grew up in Canada with me. And he's like, yo, I'm gonna take you to the spa. And I'm like, candles, massage. That sounds perfect. We're on the bus 'cause you don't drive. And we're headed to the spa. And I'm like, you know what's gonna be really good for this spa? I'm gonna take an edible. So I eat an edible. I'm like, it's gonna feel perfect. And then he goes, man, I'm so proud of you.


You're so open-minded. None of the other guys in our crew would ever do this. And I was like, I what are you, what are you talking about? Do what? He's like, you know, the naked part? And I was like, yeah, yeah, you're naked in a massage, but you, they put a blanket over you or something. He's like, no, no, we're in the, the steam room together. I'm like, that's not a spot, that's a sauna. And he's like, ah, man. I mixed up the words. So at this point, we're gonna an all new sauna in Germany. And I already popped the edible And I You didn't know, you didn't even expect This? No, I was expecting a massage. I just, I thought I hurt my shoulder. Yeah. So then it was obviously the anxiety jumps up. I'm gonna be naked in Europe. It's probably normal for them. It's not normal for me. I'm gonna be naked in front of my friend. I ain't never done this before. And then you start to realize when you, so now you're in reaction mode and now you're scared.


And plus the edibles hitting was making it even worse. First thing that I did was I expressed it. I just used word. I'm like, look man, I'm, I didn't realize what this was. And, and you kind of, you could have put me in a cage by complimenting me and saying, I'm open-minded, And I don wanna live up to that, but I'm scared. And he's like, you're scared. I'm scared too. And then we realized we're not even scared about being naked. We're scared about being judged. Right. And then when we get there, you realize, oh, I thought it's gonna be like everyone's normal. Everybody thinks this is normal. I'm the only person feeling awkward. And I could tell everybody, like, there's a lot of this. Oh yeah. Everybody was feeling awkward. And that collective vulnerability made it a little bit easier. But just like your interviews, the longer I stayed, the more comfortable I got.


Listen, I'm, I'm ready for a Charlemagne car. I'm ready. I'm sorry. I'm ready. I'm Ready. No, I'm ready. I'm ready. Im ready. It just sounds like he was trying to take the friendship to another level. Flirting. No, it did though. Say flirting. No, it did though. I said to another Level. But it did. I've known, I've known him since we were four. And it did. Being naked with your friend will do that. Being vulnerable. That's what vulnerable. We measure friendships in terms of length. You gotta measure relationships with the Wall. Oh God damn. Jesus Christ. Humble. You what? Fuck what? So y'all had to sit naked in the sauna to be like, that's my friend. That's not, that's my friend right there. That's not really my how long. It's, he's not really my friend. He's half friend.


What? I was ready for it. I was ready for it. See How this Is not, it's okay. I was ready for it. Look, you're not wrong. At the end of the, you're not wrong. At the end of the day, it's still about being vulnerable. Relationships only growth with being vulnerable and being vulnerable is being naked. Either you're being naked with your body or you're being naked with your feelings. The honest, honest question. All the questions are honest. But when you were in the sauna, oh boy. And you looked around and you realized, I go, I'm bigger than a lot of guys and hit, did that make you feel more comfortable? But how do you know he was bigger? He could have been smaller. 'cause he can see he got eyes. Well, he could have been smaller too, but did well, He could, because obviously he just said he wasn't scared about being naked. He was scared about being judged. So we know he got The only No, I'm, I'm listen.


I'm could have been. No, your boy is shoe size 11 and a half. I'm okay. Okay. We're fine. What are you, did you Hit hard? We're fine. We're fine. Look, I like that. You know what it is with insecurities is like, yeah. Like for example, if somebody's has a certain height, they don't think about their height. People, people who lack something have an insecurity, not judge. And again, I can't judge somebody for the genetic lottery they won. So like, that's not much of an issue. But I think for me it was more along the lines of like, I didn't wanna get caught staring by somebody. You know, if you, you see a woman or whatever. And then, Oh, so it's men and women in Asana. So was just men? No. Oh, Men, women. And then once I got comfortable, then they, they, they just threw in the next mix kids.


Oh Hell. Oh no. What? There were full nuclear families there. I didn't know any of this. So this Is, is this cultural? Like this is like Yeah. I don't know how they do it in Germany. That's at the end of the day, I thought I was getting a massage instead. It was just a bunch of sauna rooms and coal plunges. Mm. And I don't know why people couldn't wear clothes. And in the beginning I was just like, all right, I'm in a, I'm in a different country. This is their stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But as, as I said, I did not feel like most of the people in that room were comfortable either. Yeah. It didn't feel normalized. Yeah. Right. So it wasn't like if somebody lived in a culture where like, you know, men walk around topless and then all of a sudden they come to the beach and they feel weird. No. This like, I felt like everybody felt kind of awkward. Yeah. But yeah, once I got comfortable with all the adult stuff, then I remember going outside where there's like ka pool area and then just seeing kids run around.


I was like, oh no, this is, this is a whole different level. I'm not even trying to get used to this. Mm. And it was, but as you said, like it's, it incrementally making yourself uncomfortable and just seeing and then being like, all right, the longer I'm in it, the more my body realizes. And this has been my mantra for this whole last 30 days, which is, this sucks, but I'm not in danger. Yeah. If you don't take your phone to the toilet after this conversation and you start to feel the adrenaline and cortisol rise, Just say that this sucks. But I'm not in danger. 'cause we get antsy, we grab our phones, we do all this stuff because our bodies don't know. Our bodies think we're in danger. And, and again, this is a pre prehistoric software, prehistoric security system that's not designed for The World that we're in.


And that's why we can't rely on it because our body's also gonna be like, well, if it's familiar, it's safe. That's why it keeps bringing in certain people that we shouldn't be seeing anymore. 'cause they're familiar. Yeah. You know, one thing that's worked for me, And I, and Sarah Jakes Roberts said this a while ago, I think she actually said it here on The Breakfast Club. She said, you know, anxiety can be a good thing because whenever you're doing something new, you're going to feel a certain level of anxiety. But to your point you made earlier, just you have to tell yourself, oh, I've never done this before. This is a new space. This is a new place. These are new people. You know, so of course you're gonna feel some level of, of anxiousness. Exactly. Anxiety's not it, it's not herpes, it's not the enemy, it's the signal.


It's just as important as hunger. If we didn't have hunger, we would starve to death. We need to know when it's time to put some calories into us. Anxiety when, when it's correct. And this is where we gotta start doing some of the, the rebooting. It'll let you know. Okay, well think about it. To be courageous means you have to feel fear. If you're not feeling fear while you're doing it, you're not being brave. Right. To be res resilience means doing it despite the anxiety. Resilience is gonna feel like, I don't want to do this. I don't want to be here, I don't want to do this. Right. It's that nervousness. Right? That's the only way you know, you're hitting the edge. And that's how you know what your growth is. 'cause our growth is only outside of our comfort zone. Our comfort zones are prisons.


The way we look at it right now is that we go to our comfort zone to stay safe from all scary things outside. At best. Our comfort zones should just be a recharge station is not where we should be living. It should be where we go to recharge. If we got too much injured, too, too many injuries from an experience like, all right, lemme go back to my comfort zone. Let me recharge. Lemme get right back out there. Mm. And we know, especially all y'all are parents, that's what you do with your kids. Come back, lemme make you feel safe. I'll push you right back out. You know, do it. And then when you get overwhelmed again, come back and now we'll go even further. Now we go even further. It's the same thing with life. It's the exact same thing with that's how we build our resilience. That's our mental fitness. And our mental fitness improves our mental health. And our mental health protects us.


We don't need to protect our mental health. Gotcha. Well, unanxious is out right now. Humble a poet, humble a poet. Make sure you pick it up. 50 simple truths to help Overthinkers feel less stress and more calm. And thank you for joining us, brother. We Appreciate you. And thank you so much for having me. As always. Thank you. So tell how to follow you. Humble. Some someone's, someone's posting from me on social media right now. So it's at Humble, the poet. But for real start, pleased to start your journey. For me, this is really important 'cause as I said, like what I realized is I've been improving in this space is that I, it, it doesn't matter if I'm just doing it. We need, if everybody improved their relationship with their emotions, this world would get so much better.


Yeah. This world will get safer, this world will get less divided. And then you realize all of this is what people are exploiting to control us. This is really what people are exploiting to control us. Can I just tell a real quick story because I think this is really important. Please. So what inspired this was for two years I was receiving random text messages and emails, death threats. And in these death threats I was getting, like they were naming my exes, they were putting up my address, they were saying, they're gonna kill my dog. They were naming other friends of mine, super racist, super, all of this stuff. And in the beginning, freeze, I avoided it. I just didn't look at it. And I was Just say, all right, cool. You know, I'm gonna figure out who this is and punch 'em in the face or whatever.


And then it kept escalating And I was like, all right, cool. I'm gonna give these screenshots to the police. And within a month they found out who did it. And then you realize like, not addressing it made it worse than actually addressing it. And I think that's the important part. And then the part with that is when, when an announcement was made on the news about it, they didn't use my name, they didn't use that person's name. They just said, you know, know hate crime against somebody in the South Asian community. All the comments because I'm Canadian, right? So this is Canadian news. All the comments were like, what's wrong with hating on these Indians? They're taking over our country. What's wrong with that Canada first this. And you're like, this is where we're at, where everybody looks at this and, and you know, 'cause they're telling their story when they see that.


And then for me, it was less about the experience that happened to me and more about seeing how The World reacts to this. Yeah. Right? And I'm like, okay, so I gotta, I gotta be on this mission to help people improve how they feel. Because that's the only way this world's gonna get better. Because it's not, this world is not designed for the way that we're built. So we gotta redesign ourselves to deal with this world. There you have it ladies and and gentlemen. Humble. The poet. Yes sir. We appreciate you for joining us, brother. Appreciate y'all for having me. Charman. Me and you spa naked Germany. Dang. I ain't gotta go to Germany to do it. I'm not me. And here. No, no, you don't be vulnerable with me. That'll that, That's it. That'll, that'll, that'll solidify. You know, It's tumble over.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up. Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes here, Diddy's former protege television personality, Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there.


Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Made for This Mountain Podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing, and then climb that mountain.


You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the Struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife Caroline. He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The fact that you lied is absolutely horrific. And quite frankly, I question how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This isn't I an iHeartPodcasts.