
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Peace of the planet, Charlemagne Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes, you heard me right. Scissor is gonna be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up A little one of them days is serving up all of our hypes. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday. Rate it all. Get your tickets now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wake That ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the Building. They in here talking crazy. They got A new podcast. Me and My Homegirl, ladies and gentlemen, we have NeNe Leakes and Sierra Gates. Dicuss welcome In here talking Girl. No, they just said They wanna go home. No, all I heard them say was three inches. Ain't nothing. I was like what? Three inches? No, Not those three inches, but the other three, I got three inches. You were trying to tell You gotta, you know, little Kinky You little Kinky like Boy. She was talking about the snow in Atlanta. The snow in Atlanta. We don't want either. Oh, that's what it was. We don't want either three inches Uhuh.


Three Inches is It was short Snow such shut the city of Atlanta down. Yes. When the last time it snowed in Atlanta. Y'all even remember that Was a few years ago. A couple years ago. Yeah. It's Been a couple years ago. Yeah. A minute. We ain't got no snow in a long time. Yeah, we haven't had snow in a While. So your flight to cancel going back home? Yep. They haven't canceled yet, but they say they Were going. So I'm trying to like they canceled at nine. I'm hoping they can let Mines go. Yeah, she wanna go home. I wanna go home, but that's okay. I'll stay here and go to that restaurant. You know that restaurant? The restaurant? Oh, you don't wanna give no Free Pro no restaurant. They said they're not paying me. I'm not gonna put 'em out there. Oh, Okay. It's a good restaurant. That's a good restaurant. Those guys from, you know, out of the country, that restaurant.


Y'all got a podcast. There's a bunch of restaurants out of the country. I know, right. Well good morning to both of you. Good morning. Good morning. So we gotta talk this podcast. How did you get together to do this podcast? Oh, I found this girl somewhere. Yeah, I'm just kidding. You found her somewhere. We Really did. We really kind of found each other. We Really did. I think people don't know that. Sierra And I have been friends for a very long time. I don't think we've ever posted a picture together, Have we? Nope. I don't Think we've ever posted Real Friends Are Housewives friends because y'all go Housewives. Housewives. She claims she haven't even watched Housewives. Which I know she lying. No, I have never heard, I have never seen an episode of Housewives before. I Don't watch tv. I don't, I don't believe that I don you've seen the episode of Real Housewives Atlanta?


I haven't seen clips on Instagram and stuff, but I have never watched it. But I always just loved Nene. Like she's I cuny like I just love her. So what did you see? Did you love from ne Cri? She just, I don't know. She just was always loud. I love what you mean. I'm her. That's Not Even a course. No. I'm trying to get her to admit she watched Love and Hip Emini here. Real house wash. Exactly. You see what I, you heard what I said. I said I like Leni because she was loud and just like pretty I am not loud and glam you, nana you She said I'm not loud. Loud as the weed Somebody got in this room right now. Somebody got it on him right now. I'm so not Loud. Please don't try to act like I'm loud. I am not loud. Not Like a ghetto loud. But you are because You guys are ghet loud. No, like a ghetto loud.


No wait. We're just Ghe ghetto. We a little ratchet. But you're loud though. Love Hip Hop. It's nothing being loud. That's your personnel, that's your personality. If anybody was gonna be on my side, I thought it would've been you. No Loud. You just louder than them because they all love. They are low voice people. You the high voice person. Yeah. And you got a big personality. Big Cut it out. She's Hollywood. Yeah. What's wrong with this morning? How you think you made all these coins all these years. Exactly. I thought I don ever, I made coins.


Where's the money girl? Where please? Where's the money? Crazy. No, but Sierra, I, I always loved Sierra. I would watch her promote her businesses online all the time. I said, this girl is really somebody. Oh. Went. You never love, love Hip Hop either. You didn't watch love. I did. Oh, she did. Okay. And I loved her way back in the day when you were married to the other guy. 'cause you know she loves to get married. Yeah. She was married Jesus To the other guy. And, And I, I loved Her. Then I was married. I was married to my first husband who I was with for 10 years. And that was she. Right? That was shooter. That was us. I was just Watching that over the weekend. And I liked her from that. And I love that she was a single mom. I was a single mom also by myself. So I loved that about her. And you a Hustler. No, you are. And then when we actually got, well how we met is we kept bumping into each other and we were by ourselves.


Every time we seen each other at the bar, we seen each other salon. At the nail salon. We just kept seeing each other. And we was always by, by ourselves. And we was like, damn, we really, I said, I'd be by myself. She was like, me too. And we was just like, let's be friends. And when we actually became, and honestly us growing to be friends, it was kind of just like, it was little by little. 'cause we both the same. We don't like to do too much. I think people don't realize that they, like they said you have, I have a big personality. They don't understand. I'm, I'm by myself. You by Yourself a Lot. I'm really like a loner. She, I do a lot of things by myself. She traveled by herself. I travel by myself. Yeah. I could never, like She understand. So I go to a restaurant, people do, I have support, help, but Emini here, I'm really by myself.


I have a security meet me on one end or something. But I'll get on the plane and then they'll meet me. Yeah. But I travel by myself. I shop by myself. Yes. You, I feel like me shopping by myself when somebody's with me, they hold me down. Like I feel like I could do it quicker. Yeah. I get in my car, I just do things by myself and I'm, I'm my own best friend. I really like being by myself. Yeah. And it's just too confrontational sometimes. Yeah. So How end up go. I'm sorry. So how you end up doing the podcast with you and your home girl? If you like being by yourself so Much because we were running into each other. Being by ourselves. She would be by herself. I'll be by myself. We both the kind of lover girls. We kind love to be like, what I much Common. Okay. You know more with our guy than I love my girls.


I'm a girl's girl. Yeah. But I like being with my guy. I like being by myself. Yeah. I'm okay with all of Those things. A lot of people don't know how much we have. Like, we have so much in common. It's almost crazy sometimes when I'm talking to her, I feel like I'm talking to myself, like down to the family. Down to how like we real picky about our glam. Like we love, we glam girls, we shave every day. Like we love her down. Like for real. We feel a snuggle. We like, we just like the your Hair grew that much. Jesus Christ. Every other day, whatever. We like to just, we like to groom, we like to groom. We like to how Y'all know y'all shave every day. Y'all have conversations about that? Yeah, we talk About, We Talk about it. We talk about it. We love love. We love relationships. Yeah.


We love perfume. We like doing the same shit. We love. We'll dress up and just go to the bar and go eat and go home. Like that's my Favorite thing to do is get dressed and go to a restaurant. I don't see you being with people. I see you being a loner. Kinda like, are you sort of, kind Of a loner? I'm a cancer. Look at being at home. I like being at home with my wife, my kids. I don't, yeah. I don't like going out. Like no, I shave every, I don't shave every day though. You Don't? We do. Okay, well we're gonna get you on it. Aren't you married? You married now right here. Yeah. My husband right there. Of Course. How are you lon? That's my best friend. No, I'm saying I don't, I I be by myself. Like I don't hang with a lot of women, if That makes sense. Got you. Got you got. Gotcha. But I, I be with my man, like my man don't see her Know How to get a man.


Especially this one. But you know what, I wasn't, I wasn't as clingy with my, in my other relationships. You wasn't? No, I was not. I was not. I Don I don't know. I just, I don I didn't hang with them like that. Like I, you didn't was almost never with them. But with, with Zay it is bad. Like I'd be like, please come with me. Come with me. Come with me. So how long y'all been together? Because this, this happened. This did happen fast. I'm like, hold up. He's Wes well he's my old best friend. Close friend's brother. So we grew up together. We've been on each other since we was kids. Gotcha. And actually throughout all my relationships. But he was on you for a long time. He just didn't say it yet. Waiting. He was just waiting slip up. He was just waiting for, for that slip up. Me and Shooter had a conversation. A couple, yeah.


A couple months Ago. That was her first husband. That was my first husband. Come on, stay up Char. Yeah. Come On, come on, come on man. And so he mentioned, he was like, do you remember that you, you, you talked about Zay like you you told me about him. And I was like 17. Then he was like, you remember Zay was bothering you when you was in a relationship with me? And I was like, eh. Yeah. I remember. So every relationship I was in, he was always there. He was. Right. So how does Zay slide back in? Was it Hey, big head on dm. Hey, big head did too. I was cussing my ex out and he kind of, Hey bighead me. And then I'm like, boy. But it's always, this is my friend's brother. So it's like okay. Bza all Your ex. Like I know she been fucking that nigga though.


I knew. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you was? No. Oh No. I was not. I'm not a cheater. And you also had a, a health scare after a tattoo. Yeah, I did. It was real scary. Everything okay with that? What happened with it? Yeah. I think, I wish I could have seen it. 'cause it's from the bottom of my, from the bottom of the, my leg to the, all the way to the top. And I something that should have took me a year. I did it in a day and my body, just after the numbing cream wore off, shouts out to Monster Numb because it works really good. It allowed me to get 20 hours worth of tattooing. And I didn't feel nothing. But when my, when my 20 hours. Yep. Girl. But when my, I don tattoo girl, I love tattoos.


But when, but when my body like woke up, it was just like, no, this is not right. What are you doing? And then that's, you know, when it it, it shot back at me. But you're okay For sure. Now I'm okay. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. Now I am kind of scared to get some more tattoos. Don't Get none. Well You just don't do a 20 hour session. That's crazy. Yeah. That was ccra. That was Emini here. We stopped a little bit, but yeah. Okay. N Nina, you got a show about love coming right? A show about love? Yeah. No. Oh, I thought somebody said you Was going. I did. It's over. We've already shot it and everything. When's it come out? When? Yeah. I don't know. Dates. So is it like you trying to find a man? Like for the love of Nene or Oh no, no, no.


Nini is not trying to find the love of Nini honey. No, I'm actually hooking other people up. Oh, that's right. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. But yeah, I would like to get hooked up. Which, who? Y'all know. I thought you had a boo. I thought you had some African man. Why Is it always some African man? I don ask ne Stop Nene love her African. She love her food. Oh she loved the Seasoning. Lago. That's the restaurant. Okay. Alright. Well why you First spots nobody to know? Sorry man. African food. It just put two. Anyway, Anyway. Do I love an African Man? I I hope you marry a like that's gonna be a Girl.


You are funny. Would you, You was up here with, what was the brother name that was there? Well, you be great. That was a tall African. He trying to get you truck. He was send us suit. Remember he send some suits. Bunch of owls. Now everybody Ask you. So how close are you with Amy from Loving Hip Hop Atlanta? We're not close at all. We're not close at all. Okay. So who's Amy? Who is that? The one who just got engaged to Dwight Howard? Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't know. She worked on Love Hip Hop. Yeah, she on there. Oh, is she? She on She on there? Yeah. Oh, Jess, why they doing The podcast? So what do y'all think about that Mrs.


Podcast With me Home girl and home girl. Who Emini here. Hey Me Tier or are you talking about the other people? I'm talking about Young and Amy about talking about the young lady being with Yeah, because these are your castmate. You know this. Yeah. I don't know. I don know her at all. You Saying about him her relationship? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Her. Are they in Atlanta? Yes, they are there. They're there And they're heavily engaged. Emini here Love, love is love. You know, love is love. Emini here. Maybe she's gonna be the start to something. Okay. New for The World, you know. All right. Wow. So what can we expect on me and My Homegirl? 'cause it seem like y'all talk about a lot in private. Y'all ain't talking about, oh no, no shit up Here. What, What can we expect? No.


So from our podcast, one of the things that Sierra And I kind of pride ourselves on is being just really real and very vocal and, and talking about any and everything. So we don't wanna be one of those podcasts where you're just interviewing people all the time. Yeah. We wanna talk about everything from pop culture to love, relationship, politics, nothing's off limits. We'd love to do some interviews, but we don't want that to just be our focus. We're out trying to get people to interview. Yeah. We wanna do everything and talk about any and everything. And I think the, one of the things, one of the reasons why people will really love our podcast is because we just keep it real. Yeah. We just be ourselves and just talk about whatever. I'm an open book. Yeah. You guys literally can ask me anything. Now whether I ask it or not, that's another story.


Yeah. But I am truly an open book. I can talk about anything. We talk about plastic surgery. 'cause so many people accuse us of having plastic surgery. We talk about any and everything. Love sex. Yeah. Nothing's On. People have been fucking with you about that a lot lately. Nini. And I Don't, yeah. People talk to me a lot about plastic surgery and filters. Yeah, filters. I've heard the filter. So I get this all the time. I am a walking filter. Babe. Baby. That's what people need to really understand. One and two, I believe everybody that talks about plastic surgery, they could have plastic surgery. They want it for sure. I've never had a fucking face lift. I've never had a knife to my face. Face neither. You sitting here looking at me, aren't you? Yeah. Okay. When you have a face, you be cut off behind you.


Yes. And you can any fucking n do you think you know that kind of stuff? Of course I've had my, my boobs done. I've had liposuction. I do think fillers. Yes. To nip and tuck fillers. Botox. Why not Emini Here? I have the money to do it. I'm in the public eye. I wanna look great. So why not do it? My man or the men I've dated haven't had a problem with. So do you have the man or Not? I man I said African men don't like her. Do not put this on African men. First of all, I am not a woman that I was with an American man for 25 years. That's right. That's right. Okay. So I happen to have dated an African guy. He's the first African guy I've ever dated before.


I do like Africans. They do tend to, I do like, sounds so crazy. We sound like now Emini here. I do African men, but he's the first African guy I've ever dated, never been in a relationship with. I love their culture. I do like them. They tend to date women a lot larger than I am, you know, with all of these things. You know. You said they don't like women with s Well they date women with huge butts and stuff like that. And I don't have a huge ass and all of that. That's nice. As far as, oh yeah, no, no. I got a nice ass now we gonna make sure that now. Okay. But as far as surgery is concerned, yes. If I need anything, I will 100% get feet.


Go and get it. Have you always felt like that though? Have you always said, I've always felt, we just talked about grooming. I really believe in grooming, looking nice. Yep. I'm not one of those girls who's gonna sit around my house and look crazy. Me neither. Like, I just don't think whether my guy said it's okay. I just don't think that he really believes that. In the back of the, I always Thought you would fly, Don need. Yeah, I'm gonna be fly now all the time. You could count on that. Yeah. I don't believe that guys love for you to sit at home and look like a maid. I don't think that it may be okay for a day or two, but after that, go and clean up your eyebrows. Go do that with yourself, baby. Go get a facial. You gotta look good for these guys. And I'm not doing it for them, honestly. I'm doing it for myself. But I do like for my guy to see me looking nice. Those guys are very, And I like my guy to look nice too.


I like them to be well roomed. I like them to smell really good. Like all those things are important to me. Is it hard to find a man being NeNe Leakes? It's hard to find like a lot of guys, I'm friends with them like, I'm like, I like, I'm like a like, I like guys to be be my friend. Yeah. Even though I like girls, I really like dudes. Yeah. And so a lot of guys I'm cool with. So I'm not attracted to them sexually. So it does take a special guy. Yeah. And that guy has to have a lot of things. Is it hard to find somebody who's emotionally available? Yes. Okay. Men are not emotionally available. And that's another problem. Something happened to them when they child, Especially this day of time.


Yeah. Yeah. I Think it, but I, I like a guy who has his own, I like a guy who is very well groomed. I like a guy with personality. I like a guy who likes to laugh and travel and all of those things. But I also want somebody that can lift me up and that can pour into me. Yeah. Yeah. And I can pour into them. I love a guy that wants to communicate and talk and all of those things. So I have my own stuff. So you have to come and with a lot. So Sierra, you found how many times you been riding place? Sierra can find a man in every five seconds. Like, I Can't do this but you. No. Let's and let's stop y'all. She hates when somebody, 'cause no, listen, she's been married three times.


But listen, but listen to this. Listen to this. First of all, the second only lasts like six months. And I was, I And I you can't be asking married. I'm not gonna Discount it. I don we, we weren't together. That wasn't real. You, you love, You love Faster. Yes. I, I do Emini here. I'm a lover girl. I love, love. But I will say just because I've openly had these relationships, I can count on one and one more hand. How many guys I ever, One more hand. How many guys I ever sex with hand? How many, how many, how many, how many girls could actually say that they did that? Like for real? Just being honest.


I was, I was, I Can say, And I, And I can say on Yeah because, and it's like, because oh, because I live my life out loud. I'm on tv. On television. Oh, you, oh, you go to man. No, I don't. I I've had sex with less than I I know a billion girls that done f way more than me. Guys. You know what, I'm a man that's judging definitely are A lover Girl. I'm a lover girl. That's a great percentage. I'm a lover girl. I'm A lover girl. You, if you had sex with six guys and three of them married you, that's actually fantastic. That's why I said she just know how to treat a man. I up with that. And then honestly, And I, And I am a open book. I talk about everything Jess, you know that I don't hide nothing. I talk about my lips. I talk about my butt shots. I talk about I I'm a open book because I always say that my testimony could save somebody.


That's right. Yeah. So it's okay. I did. But I want people, And I'm saying this, but Are you offended when peaceful people? I'm offended being married. I'm not offended about that because that's my life and that's my truth. So I'm never offended. But what I am offended by 'cause it's, it's just like the narrative I go from, I'm with man after man after man. No, I don. That's not true. I don't think fix it. I don I don't feel The World though. They'll do that to me. They, I Don't feel that way. Criticize me about, I don you know, you can, you really are like guys like you. You get a man quick Emini here. The guys are Like, lemme ask you a question if, if your husband loves you the way you are. Yeah. Would you still wanna do whatever But more butt shy to more fellas? No, because he like, he like, he loves you how you are. So he is like, don't do nothing no more Good. Did I did that. I did well. I love my lips.


I do that. I did that for me. Everything I did, I did for me. I don't care what my husbands said. I did that for me. You for Answer me. But Yeah, because I was married three times. Yeah. But I did that for me. But now I would, when I got my butt shots, I was like 17, 18 years old. I would love to get them taken out. I talk about it. I am an advocate telling young girls Gonna say. She said it was okay. I Mo i I left home when I was 16. Okay. I ain't seen my mama house since I was 16 years old. I'm just curious. She wasn't wasn Your last wedding either. She wasn't at my last wedding. Me and my mom has. That's my girl. My mom is an amazing woman. She's always been a hustler. I've watched her in and outta jail my whole life trying to take care of me.


Stealing whatever she gotta do to take care of her girls. She love her girls. But it's just, you know, family sometimes. Why come to the wedding? Because the last, we just got into it. Remember the whole shit that happened with the sisters on the Instagram? Oh, you and Your sister are still Yeah. I just decided to fix my relationship with my mom. 'cause that's my mom. You only get one. But my sisters, they, I'm down. They dead to you dead. They're not dead to me. I'm just, you know, you Just taking a step back, Taking a step back. Like a big ass step back. Why they always Got like, got their handout, You know? No it not Emini here. Well I have done a lot for my family, but I just feel like it's some type of jealousy in it. That's just how I genuinely feel. I can see it.


I can't help that. This is the life that God chose for me. And honestly like, I fought my, I fought hard to get here. Like I went through a lot. You get what I'm saying? So everything that I, I've I'm doing in life. It's all God's grace. I've came a long way. So it's like people be jealous at what they see, but they don't even know what you went through or what it took for you to get to this point. Oh I know. When you're in the public eye, you know, family crazy. Definitely they Get different. And that's some, me and Nene have been coming 'cause she helped me with that. We vent about our family stuff all the time together. Now Nina, you in the public eye crazy. Everybody ask the same question all the time. 1,000,001 time. And what is that? Bring her back please. And Real Housewives. Would you come back? Did you make it with Andy Cohen?


Is that a possibility? Are y'all in meetings, conversations, thoughts, anything? Well, we're not in meetings. We did settle our dispute with each other. I don't know if I'll go back to Housewives. I don't know what that looks like for me. But I won't say never if they got a check that's got 0, 0, 0, 0, 0 on the end, you know, I might be back. I don't know. I Don't know. When you say settle a dispute, was it financial settlement or? I can't say, but we did settle everything. You Andy Cool. Now y'all speaking now? Now I haven't spoken to him, no, but I'm not against speaking to him, but I haven't spoken to him. It'd be a no brainer. Emini here. I know you get this all the time, but I do it.


It's kind of ridiculous that they haven't asked me to come back Yet. I don't. Do you Miss it though? I don know and the franchise are struggling. You know, I do miss the trips. Absolutely struggle. I do miss the check. I don't miss the arguments. And I felt like if I was there they would have to put a certain girls around. Like all of those girls that are there now don't even know who they are. Yeah, We don't either. I thought lot thought. Is it true you ran into Kenya Moore at the airport? I Did. How was it? So Kenya And I have been texting anyway, like when she went through this whole thing, whatever happened with her exiting the show, we text a few times. I was in London celebrating my birthday. She was there.


We text, we were gonna try to have tea, but we couldn't. And just so happened we bumped into each other in the airport. And so we are cool. I'm cool with all of those girls. I don't have an issue. You know, when you're on the show, the show kind of put you up against each other. But I don't have an issue with any of the girls. No one. Not anybody. Did you say anything to Candy? Because I know, I know she was praising your looks, but did she also said you need to lay off the filler. So did you should put candy and Said something? No, we talked in the airports. First of all, I told her that they said, I think her and Kandy were saying let's give Nene, you know, her props or, or something. That was first like you don't give people, they props and then throw shade trees, honey. Yeah. And then she said what I was talking about the filter.


But honey, you use filters too. I don't know anybody that's posting their pictures without a filter. Most women are posting their pictures with a filter and they're cleaning up their picture. Now if you look absolutely different in person than your picture on Instagram. Now that's another story. Wouldn't you say? Absolutely. That's a different story. But that's not what's happening over here. No you don't. I use a filter And I am the filter. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. Okay. Kenya more. Okay. Kenya. Okay. Because these girls need to use filters too. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I see them in the airport. I see girls on Instagram. They look great on Instagram. You see them in person. You be like this the same person.


How did Kenya look at the in person at airport? Well, oh, you messy too. You messy. You just as messy. All right. How? Well, you know I'm not, you know, I don't, I just keep it real telling like, you know, I'm never afraid of any of those girls. She looked okay. She wasn't looking her best. Yeah, but she looked okay. She coulda used a hairdo and a filter. Okay. But you know what I like about Nene? Nene? At least I haven't seen you publicly clap back at anybody. I've seen people say things about you And I haven't heard you say nothing. I didn't say anything. You know why? Because I'm grown now. I, I, you know, I may have been a little bit more immature then, but now this stuff just really don't bother me. Yeah. It really doesn't. For somebody to talk about plastic surgery, like cut it out. All these girls got fake asses and fake titties. Don't come over here with that bs.


Yeah. All these girls got fake stuff. So you gonna talk to me about fake? Yeah. Like that's crazy. Everybody's wearing wigs and weaves and extensions. Like cut it out. Yeah. Yeah. Like I'm not doing anything that no one else isn't doing. I'm not walking around with a big ass that look absolutely bananas. I don't even have


Piece of the planet, Charlemagne God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At&t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve, or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. If's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot, cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Peace of the planet. Charlamagne tha Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about the light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes. You heard me right. S CSA is gonna be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our eggs. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh. Only in theaters this Friday. Rate it off. Get your tickets now.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


That much as Now have you spoke to Peter Thomas with all the stuff that's going on with Him? I haven't spoken to Peter, but I, I see Peter often. We don't live that far from each other, but I haven't spoken to him. But I will speak to him. I will speak to Peter. 'cause me and Peter go way back. Yeah. And I don't have a problem with Peter And I really do hate that this is happening to him. Mm. So yeah, Peter's my brother. I love Peter. So Yeah. Do you reach out to people like when you see like Portia going through a divorce or Anything? Yes. So when Portia was going through her divorce, you know she was married to Simon. Simon. I was dating Yani. They're both African guys. They hung out together.


We hung out, we double dated and all those things. And I was talking to her during that time And I was doing this show called The Upshaw. And she kinda was like, she didn't wanna do the upshaw with me. She didn't tell me that. She told the production crew and the production told us that. You know, is that true? I don't believe Portia Port. It's the truth really? It's Thet seem like that type Portia not catty like that. Well she's, Did something happen a little bit like That? She did that. Nothing happened. She did that. She said that. That's the truth. So you did it? I did it. They brought in Cynthia Bailey the next day and Cynthia shot the scene with me. Oh, supposed To be you and Portia. It was supposed to be Portia And I, I did not know that. And I don't think Portia knew that until we arrived to set that we were both gonna be shooting a scene together.


And she Oh, So Portia was on set? Yeah. Yeah, she was on set. Wow. The day before she had gone in to do her fittings and things. And I gone in the next day to do my fitting and the following day we were gonna shoot the scene and Portia didn't show up and they went scrambling and they ended up flying Cynthia Bailey in and she did it. But Portia did do that. Now, that's the honest truth. Did you? It doesn't really matter to me. I haven't spoken to her since after that. I, I, I don't have How Long ago was it? I don't know. It's been months. Months. The show just aired like yesterday or the day before yesterday. You don't think it could have been a personal issue And she had to get a Holiday? I don I don. We didn't have No, no. With her like in her life, like No, I don't think so. But listen, I don't care. Why would they Even tell you that? That's messy to even tell you that. Yeah, because they were in a frenzy and we weren't shooting.


And my manager did some digging and asked somebody that was on set and they told us what happened. But listen, I'm still not mad. I really don't care. I'm a text the source. It's not that serious to me. You can text her right now. So can I Fact, fact And I, in fact, I have the text messages 'cause I did text her when it happened And I told her. And so I did, I I did text her. Wow. And, but it doesn't matter what, say listen, if you don't wanna work with somebody, that's fine with me. I, you don't have to work with me. I think that's bad business on your behalf to show up somewhere and be like, you know what? I don't wanna work with Charlamagne today. It happens all the time. I do that every day.


Day happens every morning. You see that every day. I'm not even mad about that stuff. It just is not that serious to me. Some stuff is so petty. These girls really do think that they're bigger stars than they really are. So I it's really okay with me. There you go. You love saying that. No, I used to what you call, I'm just being She was only a Bravo celebrity. That's what you said. What did she say last time? Star? What was it? No, I'm not, honestly, I'm not, I promise you that I'm so an adult now. I really, that's why you haven't heard me clap back at somebody because so many people are like, I know Nene gonna come back and say something. No, I'm not. They sitting there waiting just when I'm being asked a question, do not get mad at my response. Okay. I'm not gonna clap back at you. I just don't have the time for it really.


I don't. And I don't want any confrontation. I really don't. I don't want any confrontation. Do people come to you about doing your own reality show All the time? Yeah. Yes. People talk to me about doing a pod for so long. People ask me to do a podcast And I never did anything. Wow. So I think it's all about timing. Sierra And I clicked. This is a great time for the both of us to do it. So here we are doing it. And Congrat you, you're a glam now, right? You call yourself a gl. I have. I was a glam glam already. And, and my youngest son, Brent, just had a baby girl. He had a lot of health challenges over the last couple of years and he had a, a heart transplant. And out of all of this, he has a little daughter that's Congratulations.


Which we Love. And she will be two months old. She's not even two months old yet. Well, congrats. Two months old on the 16th. Well, there was, she just turned two myself. Pretty little girl. So we have a little Girl. How, how long you think this gonna last Between Sierra And I? Yeah. Well we hope it lasts for a long time. Long time. We've been very, we communicate really well together. Yeah. You know, I don't wanna be in a business relationship where I can't speak my opinion and Just say how I feel. So I've Sierra And I just had a conversation where I'm just telling her how I feel and of course she clapped back at me. She thought we were on love and Hip Hop and we wasn't, but, Oh God. Okay. But we had our little, little b our little.


Yeah. But anyway, I hope it lasts forever. I I don't want to get into business and get right out of business. Yeah, me neither. But you know, there's so many podcasts out here, so we wanna try to bring something different. Yeah. I honestly see it growing bigger than just a podcast. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's gonna be like a movement. Well you definitely could teach us about entrepreneurship. Yeah. That's why I'm like, podcast is just the beginning. Yeah. This thing gonna go bigger than that. Me and my own girl could be a reality show. Yeah. Right. Definitely could. So many of My Homegirl So relatable. And I feel like The World gonna be shocked too. 'cause love and Hip Hop, the Housewives, it's like they keep us apart. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So, so She thinks that housewives are bougie and Ooh, honey And love and Hip Hop.


I don Ratchet. I think the same thing. That's how I look at It. You know, I look The same thing. Emini here. Just keeping it real. Yeah. I want, I wanted to ask both of y'all, 'cause you know, I saw Marlo and she made some comments on Tiffany Cross's podcast where she said how people judge you for life after you do reality tv. They did. Oh yeah. Even in business. Is That Oh, that's true. Wow. That's true. Yeah. True. It's bad. Yeah. They won't even, they, they, they won't buy, they, they treat you away that they won't even do other businesses just because of reality tv For sure. Yeah. People have a perception of you, you know, like, you guys were in here when I first walked in here, you guys were treating me real fucked up. Trying to say that I'm loud. I'm not loud. My voice is very tense.


You, We've been watching you for over 10 years. Guys are judging Ghet. All the millions of people listening to you right now are like, Nene. Cut it out. You Guys are judging me. You guys have this, you know this thought about me because you saw me on Housewives. Actually, I am soft. I am a girl's girl. I am a lover girl. Right? You are. Yes, she definitely is. I'm way more laid back and cool and chilled than you would ever know. I don't want no confrontation. Don't start none. Won't be none. I've done shows with you now, comedy shows, SV shows. I had a crush on Jess. I don't crush on women, but I had a crush on her. Did you wanted to s Yeah. The what? One of the what? Really?


Oh, CI. Yeah. Yeah. She said if she was, you know, from the community, but she not I don't date women. Yeah, but That don't mean you can't sleep with 'em every now and then. No, I don't wanna We talked about that. We talked about that. We talked about that. Yeah. We don't, we don't, we don't date. We, we don't date girls. Yeah. You don't like to smell other coochies. Yeah. That, that shit. I always, I always say that. I be like, NA, I don't want nothing. I know my coochie get wet.


I don't want nothing else around me like that. Like Yeah. Uhuh, you Know what's crazy? I'm good. We Say that about ass. What? What? Because I be like, You gotta, you gotta clear that up. Sound crazy. Clear that up. Saying like, what, how my ass smells. Why would I wanna be in another man? Yes, Yes. Start like that next time we just have conversation about ass. Like start like that. We do Emini here about that in general. That's Emini here. Crazy y'all. Yeah. Yeah. Did y'all, did y'all plan this hairdo? No. No. Both of y'all wigs is sitting no real in real life. It's different blondes, but I like, sometimes I like hair, but hair mine's a little wider than hair. That's why I, it's definitely different blonde, but I don.


Okay. Yeah. You think people hold grudges against you? Nene unnecessarily. Meaning like, they look at you as probably like a big sister type. So when they're going through things like divorces and so you don't reach out to them so they feel offended. No, no, no. I reach out. Okay. No, no, no. I reach out And I, I do take on the role as a big sister. Gotcha. One of the things I say about myself is I'm here for everybody but nobody's here for me. I always feel like that. Yeah. I always feel like I'm the one that's helping everybody. Supporting everyone. But if I'm going through something, nobody is really like supporting me and helping me. I'm always considered the strong one and I'm just as weak as everybody else. Yeah. You know? But everybody look at me as, well, you know what Emini here, like I have my moments when I Yeah, you got your, you know when I'm like, damn, I, you know, I have to be there financially for everybody.


I gotta be there mentally for everybody. And if I'm going through something I'm like, well damn is anybody here For me? But you know what? I feel like that's what made us homegirls for her. 'cause I'm the same way. So I pouring to her, like I buy her gifts and stuff and she's not used to it. And I'm not used to it. We do it for each other. So I feel like we're the same people in our families. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. People don't buy me gifts. I'm the one that's buying gifts for All Time. I'm like, That's real. 'cause I'm, people think that I have everything. I'm like, no, I, there's a lot of stuff I want. Yeah. That's real. I, because I saw a video you posted of, of Greg rest in peace. You, yeah. Did people reach out to you after that Video? They, a couple of people who I do not know strangers, but Not, not your friend. Are people you consider friends because, No, I did.


I reached out to you what you said. I Wrote you that long ass message, what you Said. Oh, you did you the next morning I woke up and saw the next morning. Yes. You didn't Read it though, you saw that, didn't read, put on the spot. No, no, no. She told me that she prayed for me and all those things. But honestly when I, I did get some people DMing me saying, Nini, I hope you're okay. But that is not why I posted the video. I actually was going through my phone looking for something else And I came across those videos And I just said, oh my gosh, let me post these videos. 'cause they made me smile. So I just post them. But, so some people did think that maybe I was having an emotional day, but I wasn't actually, it was a actually a great day. And I love those videos. That's one thing Greg And I would do with dance.


So I love that video. Were people there for you during your grieving process? The way they, the way they should have been? I, I don't Feel, and particularly the castmates, former castmates. No, I don't feel like that. No, not like castmates, but they did send flowers and things like that. But not there for me emotionally. You know, like grieving is a very tough thing. People don't understand. Like it's very difficult to explain to somebody losing somebody that close to you. So that was a tough time. But, but yeah, I'm good now. I'm doing really good. I'm glad to hear that. Yeah. Do you even look at these people as real friends though? The castmates? Like at former? No, I don't. Oh, okay. All right. I do not. Yeah. No. What about therapy? Do you have a therapist?


You know what, I'm just starting therapy And I have a makeup artist in Houston, Texas. Elena, thank you Elena. And so she's been with this therapist that she referred to me. Nice. And I'm seeing a therapist, not for the grieving process. I'm seeing her for something totally different. I feel like the grief, I feel like I've done really well with that. Yeah. These are just other things that I want to talk to the therapist about. My son being sick, my husband passing away. You know, it's just a lot of different things. I just would love to have a great outlet I want to speak to. Beautiful. But I do feel like I'm very strong minded because I have to be, you know, I don't have the time to break down and cry and fall out. I gotta go.


Yes you Do. That's not good. I don You, you, you know, staying, you know, staying busy as a response to trauma. And you, you'll learn that in therapy. I say busy a lot. It's a response to trauma. You do that to try to forget about everything that's Going on. Yeah. I get going. And you don't even realize you overwhelmed. If not, I'll get on the airplane. They'd be like, I'm going on on a trip Going to Africa. Like they Said, spend some money. Hey, yo. Not Africa. They see you. Oh, they see me. Yes. But like you said, You check up on people all the time. Right. You talk about Peter, you check up on, you talk about all these people. I, I check up on people. Do people check up on you? I don't feel like they really do not that much. See she is right that she would reach out to me and a couple of people, but no, no, no.


I don't feel like they really do. I don't feel like I have that kind of support. Do you Kim feel like I'm very like alone in this world. Oh, Sad Right now. Yeah, I do. Right now with my husband being gone, I really, my husband was a real force, you know? Yeah. You know, he was really your best friend there. Yeah, my best friend and really all about his family and not having him there. Yeah. I kind of feel like I'm alone in a lot of situations. Really, really alone in, in a lot of situations. Which is unfortunate, right? Yes. Sometimes I'm at home like, oh, I don't have anybody wonder who I would call. I'm kind of like, Yeah. Yeah. It sucks when you the go to person and you don't got nobody to go to, but Nobody reach Out to you and the only person that you had is gone. Now. Just avoid that. Yeah.


Even my kids don't get it because they're so young. Like they don't get it. Emini here rents 25. Like, you know. Yeah. He doesn't get it. He's still very young. They don't understand like, oh my mom need me. They be like, mom, where you gonna put some more money in my account? Like, they don't really get it. They don't get it yet. Well, I'm praying for your healing Energy. Absolutely. Yeah. Thank you so much. And I, I'm, I'm sure that special someone is coming Is out there. He's coming. They're out there, you know. And do You still speak to Kim, Kim Ole or you don't speak to her anymore? I did speak to Kim, 'cause Kim has been going through her divorce, her situation, her divorce. I ran into her, I ran into her daughter. I've talked to Kim. I text her, she dms me like, you know, if I'm posting something she DMed me.


So she seemed to be doing okay. She seems to be doing okay, but I don't know. It's probably a tough time for her as well. Yeah. I wonder if me and him be still gonna get these free suits since you and home. We definitely not get the free suits. Talking about, that was two years ago. You mean soup? No. Soup. Soup. What? So Some custom suits. Suits. Who are you guys? Or some African guy that you was dating that be making suits. Oh, We gonna stick to Nene and Nene's. Yeah, We not getting him Suits. I remember his name to. His name was, oh, Cut it out. Hey, yo. Shut Up in the cold. What is Happening over here? Oh my goodness. Whatcha Are y'all Doing? Did you see Cynthia Ari?


What's her name? Vo Aio Ari. Oh yes. Cynthia Was so nice. Yeah, I did see that. That was very nice. And And thank you so much, Cynthia. Yeah. So very Nice. A lot of people need that. Once you back. Yeah. Well we'll just have to see what Bravo feels. Yeah. You know, I don't know. I don't know. Imagine me being on Housewife. What would you guys say? I feel like I, I think It'd Start watching regularly again. Really? I feel like I will be so big and sitting there. Yeah. And I feel like the rest of the girls are gonna fight me And girl. What? I don't wanna fight. Fight. You won't have to.


I don think the Franchise needs. You're stepping off the plane in Africa. Welcome home Nigeria. They See me. They see you not cover your face. N What do you think about The house Wild franchise now? All of them. I see 'em cancel 'em left and right. What? What's your thoughts on it? I Canceling them. I did hear that Dubai got canceled. Oh my God. And I love Dubai. What do I think about it? I don't think they've been canceling them. I think they'll stick around. Mm. I think it's one of those shows that's gonna be around like forever. You think so? Years like a soap opera? Yeah. Yeah I do. I think they have lots of legs. Okay. No matter how boring one franchise. Yeah. No matter how boring. Yeah. Yeah.


I know. They still be around Jesus. They got money over there. They do. They got money to keep those shows going and going and going. Yeah. Don't you think? Yeah. It's about the views though. The viewership. Yeah. But they control that too. They can keep that going if they want to. That part Charlamagne. So. No. Yes. They say I ain't listening. I was, he was listening. It was in the phone. Atlanta's the one. That's all I Emini here. Atlanta's the one. Atlanta. The one that probably keep the lights Jersey, but nobody And Beverly Hills. Oh, Potomac. Yeah. You right. Potoma. Do Atlanta just make good New York fellow? Well, I think Atlanta was kind of like the first.


So Yeah, because For us, Atlanta. Atlanta we're the top show for our French Atlanta. Atlanta Just make good reality tv. And speaking of loving Hip Hop Atlanta, did you ever feel like there was a time that you didn't want to do the show no more? Sierra, you, I've watched you from the beginning on there. Like you've been betrayed by not only like husbands relationships and all of that, but like friendships too. Yeah. And then family. Like you put a lot of yourself out there. I do. And to like learn your story a little bit. You know what Emini here? Well, a lot on the show. It done been plenty of times. I wanna say fuck these. Yeah. Yeah. And didn't wanna do it, but, but I still did it because again, like I feel like my life is a testimony I get every time I go through something.


And every time I think it's like the worst that I went through, especially on television, somebody come to me and be like, you know how much you helped me? I was da da da, whatever. Yeah. So it keeps me going. The family stuff. Especially so many girls. And that scene that I did with my mom And I, you know, And I told her, I said, you created this monster. Like you created this monster. You get what I'm saying? So it's just like, those moments make me realize why, you know, I should not stop and keep going. I should keep going with television. I think Atlanta is the best one for love and Hip Hop. 'cause New York went away And I've grown a lot. Yeah. And I can't lie like TV helped businesses and like it really does. I, I feel like I took the opportunity And I ran. It really does.


It really does. I don't know what nobody else did, but like, nah, it Launches you into all of These other places. For real. I became a serial entrepreneur, but I feel like I knew that as soon as I, when they found me in my little shop in the hood baby, I was like, oh, I'm about to take this shit and run. Like, I'm never coming back here. Yeah. And I didn't. And been this Business been booming ever Since. It's been booming. Different business. Thank God. Thank God. That's good Sierra. God. It is. God too. You Hustle it out. Absolutely. You. Congratulations. Check out the podcast y'all. January 16th, 8:00 PM Me and My Homegirl Yes. And we appreciate you guys for joining us. Thank you. Thank you For having us. Having I really appreciate you. We Love you. I Love you more. Stay In touch. Sierra Gates, Dicuss. Yes, thank you.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to stay locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most Things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the Shadow Rock. Join me Danny Trail and step into the flames of Right, right. An anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.