
Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength with its available Eye force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus, the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today. Visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, a PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to take an adventure with rugged capability and commanding style. Check out the Honda Ridge line pilot or CR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 pilot. 1.99% a PR on a 2025 ridge line, or a 2.99% a PR on a 2025 CR-V. See dealer for financing details.


Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. The king of Dan Tall. My brother Beatie. Man, welcome Zaga. How you, How you feeling, man? I'm feeling good, z. Good to See you, man. How does it feel? Well, how important is it to have access to America again? Well, it's, it's a very important thing because when you don't have access to America, you have access to the rest of The World. But America is a place that you can work every week. Yeah. So it's really nice access. You gotta get That money. Yes. You gotta get the money.


You can Been 13 Years. Yes, 13 years. So for people that, that don't know what happened, because you were always here. I I thought you even had a house here. Like you, Me, myself, don't know what happened. Oh, wow. But things happen, you know, we are Jamaican, so we getting a privilege to come to America. So I think something happened and they just beat everybody for it. But it's loosen up now. Everybody's being released in and everybody's getting their visa box. So yeah, it's a good thing. People would Think that it was, it would be different because Trump's in office and he's actually trying to get people out. So people would think it would be more difficult. But it wasn't. It wasn't. It was, it was nice. It was a nice thing because it, it just gimme a chance to tour the rest of The World, you know?


So I've been to Africa a few times then, but now I've been to Africa, like I lived there and I'm going to England, like I lived there, going to Europe, like I lived there. So we get a chance to visit the rest of The World Spiritually. When you have those type of setbacks, those type of, I guess, obstacles, how do you, how do you embrace it? Well, I'm doing music. I'm making the fans know that we are still here, we're still alive, and we're just waiting to get to them one more time. Yeah. Embrace it. Yeah. I was gonna talk about, I saw you bring up Maya on stage and that was like the first summit Miami Yeah. In 10 years. Yeah. Right. For that moment. For you, how does that feel? Well, It, it is always a great feelings to work with May because she's a great performer, a great entertain, and a great person.


And she have nice personality and people do love her. So she bring a different energy to the show. So, you know, ready call up in a, a club show or outdoor event. She always do good. And you know, as an artist, that is the type of artist that you need with you on stage. Are there other artists now that you've done collabs with in the past that are hitting you? Like, Hey, since you're able to perform in the US now, like we need to have that Maya moment too. Yeah, we, Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. But you know, you have to just have the right time and the right place, you know? Yeah. Are you ever surprised about how timeless your music still is? No. Still hit to this day. Yeah. Well, you see, you, you cannot surprise when you make good music, when you make good music is lifetime music.


Because as people always say, only play playoff and singers have instrument will be there when the Gate of Zion is open. So all you have to do is make sure that your music is there from your music is there you are representing. Mm. Yeah. So You said when the Gator Zion is open, so it just, it's a spiritual process. Yeah. Well, everything is a, is a spiritual process, you know, because life is a gambler. Every morning you wake up, you have to give thanks. So, yeah. Do, do you feel the, the, it feels like they, people have been embracing dance hall music and, and reggae music more in the last couple of years, right? We seen it with Bju. We've seen it with yourself. We see it with vibes. Does it feel different now than it was, let's say 10 years ago?


No. Well, it's Especially here in America. All right. The, the, the, the difference is the, the, the original foundation of the music is always there. So it feels different because we are here now. It's not like the younger generation alone is out there trying to push the music. We from the nineties are here right now. So we are still here doing the music as oh, we know the music to be done. So that, that's the different feelings between the, the, the music three years ago from the music today, because we are back. Why do you, why do you feel like the music from a couple of years ago doesn't transcend like those that music from the nineties?


They, they feel like they come and go, but now it's, people are going back to that era of music, the Back of that feeling. Yeah. All right. You see music always have a face. Every music, hip hop r and b, each and every music in The World have a face. Sometime them mix the music with other genre of music and other beats mix up with, what do they call it? Fusion. Yeah. Sometimes they infuse the music that that's what happened to dance hall. Dance hall be infuse, enthused, but don't get it confused because the artists, them, them really are speed lyrics and they're really chatting the same way. But I don't think they're getting across to the audience. Like, oh, we get across to the audience. So I feel like sometime when you're chatting some lyrics, you're straight like an I sometime you have to have some curves.


So sometime you gotta learn to sing, take a note, do something, make a difference to the music. So I think that's a difference between us. Like we come and say memories don't live like people do that we are come with the what people are not the past. It's all different genre of music. So now, yeah, man, just come and see. That's the difference. So when you have the music with a melody and more understanding and people can dance to and play for their kids and play for the grandma. 'cause all come out at 98 and say, be in the money, my DJs, it's feeling good to know that people like in those age and those categories can look at you and say, you sing my favorite song.


So Yeah. I, I always wonder what that line meant, man. You said memories don't live like people do. Yeah. What do you mean by that? Like, Memories don't live like people do. I Feel like memories live longer. That, that, that's what I'm saying. Duh. God dammit, you I'm an idiot. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. That was a moment of enlightening for you. Glad you realized it. Yes, it was Christ. That's Exactly what I'm saying. Do you feel like Afrobeats took some of the dance hall's thunder? Because it, it's came from, it's, it's not only the thunder, because you see Yeah, the, the music is the jam is from Africa. Anyway, so we took their jumps. See, so dance hall music is that come from Conga music, conga drums and all these drums.


That's any drums you use from Africa. But we put in a different manner. 'cause we come from reggae music, which reggae music is the original one drum. But we just add tree drop to the beat so we can dance to it, rock to it more, we can do more styling it. But what a music did, it's wake up Africa because there's a lot of people that live in Africa that live from dance hall music and reggae music all their life. So if them come now with that, with that original sound, which is not an original sound, they cap a piece oil and still, but you know, he is dead drums, so you can't argue with it. But if they come with the music that the country, the whole entire continent that Africa can follow, it is a great move because you have one city, you have 20 million people, you have one city, you have the next 26 million people.


So if them can get all them people there to follow their music, The World is gonna follow. Yeah. So it's, it was a good move and a great just, and their behalf. Do you feel like this new generation of dancehall artists are, are representing the culture, right? Well, depends on their culture. Hmm. Yeah. My culture is morals and you have to have more morality when it come to the music. And you have to respect where the music is coming from and respect the elders in the music. You know, I don't think some of these young artists respect the elders in the music and they have no respect where the music is coming from. They respect where the music is, is at today, you know, famous, buy a car, get a house. Music is not about that.


The music is about longevity. L living, keeping yourself alive. Because I can say Robert ne Nestor Marley died, but Bob Marley's still alive today and that's what the music is. Yeah. So are What does respect, I'm sorry Lauren, what does I'm gonna say ask what does respect look like from the new generation? Yeah. Well I just, I don don't, I wouldn't know because, you know, I, we don't deal with a, a lot of these young generations because they don't deal with us. So, you know, I can talk about me, I can't talk about the next month, but Gotcha. Yeah. I tell them, ooh, they are bond with the, the, the love of the music within them.


So them, them love the music from a mother's point of view or a father's point of view or a big brother point of view. You know, sometime you will find out some person say Yo Muse, Just say Tu and me are grew up and muse a beating man and their sisters and brothers. So, you know that, that's how the music used to go. But this time of today, ah, man is a man. Every man is on the wound. So it is not like no one helping nobody else. It is not like you going there, there helping the next artist and you don't even business if this artist want to say that you help him or not. You just know that you put in here 2 cents and make him a firm and a better person. Why do you think that is though? If you look at pop music, you look at country music, you'll see the, the elder statesmen working with the younger artists and making music.


But you never see that in, in reggae music. You don't see that in dance hall. You don't see, definitely don't see that in hip hop. Yeah. Don't see that in RB. But it's, it's, it's there in dance hall. But as what I'm saying a little while ago, it is like people get help, but they don't appreciate that they don't come out and say, oh, you know, that man put me in the studio the first time. They just remember the first eat they get, they remember when them try and try and try until you succeed. And that's what dance hall music is about. And that's what it was about. And that's what it's supposed to be always about. So each one help one in Jamaican motto, that's what it is out of many one people. So we as a people know that we supposed to come together and help the youth, but if you them one take help, I cannot bus every bird and put the words out, the melody inside it.


Yeah. Is there any young artists right now in particular that like you wrapping your arms around that's doing it right? That's doing like the respect and Mm. Yeah. Well, I, I respect each and them from de genre. Now you don't have to like a person to respect them job, you know, you don't have to be a friend with a person to respect what he's doing. So I do respect the, the the, the effort that they put out and they, they try hard, you know? So I respect all young artists that every one of them, you know, seriously, because it's, it's not easy to face a 20,000 crowding. It's not easy to face 40,000, 50,000 people. It's not easy to, you have money to get nervous breakdown backstage, you know, tell him, say, no, man, just take a deep breath And I, these things take deep breath 'cause you have my nervous before them go on stage.


Even me sometimes you get butterfly still. Yeah, because too much confidence. Cause distraction, you get that confidence when you go on that stage and the people go, wow. They may say, okay, I got it now, boom, I moved you. But sometime you go on stage was too much confidence and say, yo, I have this and you end up flop. You don't want that. How did that first show, that first show in America feel when you came back? Like, did you have that, those butterflies or what? You haven't performing in a place for 13 years. I know you, you're performing for different type of people. You're performing for the working class people that you know, left work, go home, left home, go to work, this is their time to go out and party.


So the only time them listen to a being in man is either on radio or watching TV or on YouTube or you know, anywhere else, you know. But them don't really go to a be man show. So these are the type of audience that we have at this jazz in the Garden show. But when, when you go on stage and you do the first, oh nah, nah, nah, nah. And you the reaction from the audience then you know you got them. Yeah. So you just give them music. It's after it sung after song, it's after it sung after song. You don't make the vibes drop when the vibe drop, you have something to say, but make sure it's something that keeping the vibes up. So yeah, I did have a little butterfly there because literally itching going backstage with my ancient and thing, but it just work out bright.


I was gonna ask too, you know, dance hall is very competitive. Yeah. And, and back then you guys were Warren, you're like, it was a competitive sport and like y'all were going back and forth. Yeah. But was there a mutual respect there? And the reason I say that, 'cause in hip hop it seems like they want to kill each other after those type of battles. But you guys felt like it got there many a times. But we've never seen any bloodshed. We've never seen any fist fights, nothing like that. But it was still competitive. Yeah. Well Just say, all right, when it come to competition and competing with a another artist, you just have to respect the artist for whom is, you know, so anyone, anyone say on stage, we're no friends backstage, we call to each other.


That's it. It don't have to be violent, it don't have to be me, me, I send my friend to shoot after you or you are senior a friend and step on my corner as a field of mine. And all depends on who the person is and where the person is from. Because you have artists who are real gangsters, you know, and before them becomes a superstar. So you just make like that highlight. You don't have to highlight it because you have people who know who you was and what you used to do. So a next brother come to you even just know, say at most respect. But when it comes to stage and showing lyrics, there's no respect in showing lyrics. But there's respect in, you see the person, you got a boom if you don't have to boom him face or nothing, you just acknowledge there's respect in acknowledgement.


So if you acknowledge that person and knows that that person will go deal with you if you try to go deal with that person, you don't try to start nothing if you don't want nothing. So af after a sound clash, if the person doesn't give you a fist bump or something that's no, Well you, you, you come off the stage with, with all that. You, you, you got some peoples ignorant, but they put arrogance in the ignorant. Mm. So then when you put arrogance in your ignorance, it not have a right to be mad and you know, it don't make any sense. So sometime you just slow it down by good night tonight. Yes sir. Then when we see our next night, it's gonna be my night. So that is it. You just slow down out of that right there.


So sometime when Just say it becomes a violent argument, sometimes you just be a, the better man and smile, you know? Yeah. You ever been on stage with an artist and didn't like how they was performing and snatched the mic from him or something like this. But sometimes you got Beatie has done that. Yeah, Beatie has done that. I'm not gonna be like, yeah, no, I didn't do that. No, I've done that a lot of time because sometime you, you call up, you have artists that jump on the snake and snatch the mic from you. You ever snatch it back. You don't want to disrespect him, say bring him out to the front and make the people them know that this is a young artist. He's trying, you know? Yeah.


Somebody came And snatch snatched the mic from you. What I I incident was, was last year I was on the stage doing my thing to show what's in fire. And I, the mic is gone. Everybody. What, who was it? Who did that? Some young kid, you know? So I have to Oh, I see it. Yeah. I have to make him know on stage right here. This is not how you do it, you know? Yeah. And people want to take him off the stage, but I say just leave him alone. Give him a chance. All right. Boom. Do what you gotta do. He never did. Well so that make it bad for him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because the people was getting really rowdy. So I have to get back the crowd together and boom. To show his up here and up again.


Do you, have you ever had to prove yourself because of, like you, you got hard music, you got gangster music, but you got a lot of music for the women. Yeah, I'm the girls. Them sugar. That's right. Did people ever think you were sweet for that and you had to prove yourself? Like play if you want? Did that ever happen? Mm I I think every time I go on a stage with other artists, I have to end up proving myself really? Not Beanie Man, the king of Dance Hall. No, but trust me, because you see all, when I'm on a stage show with everybody else, like say I'm on a Sun Fest Bill, you know, not a Beanie Man in concert. So I'm on a, it took me to walk backstage in Earth as I, I have to do is just walk backstage and every artist is backstage because I'm gonna wonder if make a work.


No, I make a work before him, all that. That was never my problem. Whether I work first in the middle, I close the show, my time is my time. But what I like to do is watch the artists who working before me to see the vibes that they're pushing to know exactly what I have to do. Because if you stay back there or staying at your chuck under them and you don't know what vibes go on, the man that work the very first who took the show, and you don't know. So this, this is how I build my vibes. I build my vibes from your energy. No negativity, but your energy. So if I don't have to change the starting of the show, if I don't have to change the middle of the show, I don't have to.


But you watch the artists and see other artists bring the crowd, you need to keep the crowd either high, that level or higher than that. So you always start, I get a middle, keep the people them up and end with that energy that you need to end with because you end it with the energy that you need. What do you call it? An encore. But you, you can't do no encore 'cause your time is up. So you end with that energy people shouting for more. So this is the reason why I said you have a competition every night when you're going stage, but when it's you in concert, the only competition you have is the energy from the people. Now, speaking of your concert and your tours, the name of this tour is the king of the Dance Hall tour.


Yeah. I know. There's back and forth with Vibes Cartel and the fans trying to figure out King of the Dance hall. Yeah, but the de you're, this is the de the dethroning this tour right here. Well, I, not Deron no one, you see, I don't come to talk about people. I'm a king's hearts of my music and my longevity in the music and still being here. I've been here since the eighties through the nineties and I'm still here doing the same thing period. So, yeah. So, you know, I don't have to compare myself with people. People try to compare theirself with me. It is a good thing because every artist that bust in this music business since me bust them compare me to them.


So it is a great thing to call up your name Caleb up with a young, fresh artist. So it is a great thing. I'm not fighting it, not disputing it, but you know, that's what it is. What it's, Do you think that's why one of the reasons artists always wanna challenge you though? 'cause you call yourself the king. The king. I don't, didn't call, didn't I call myself the king? I was Crown King. Oh, oh, Okay. It's big difference. Yeah. Now, I also wanted to ask new music. Are you working on new music? Yeah. Do you have new Music? Yeah, I'm, I'm working on an album right now. Yeah. I got a new music out with me And I, it's called Guide of Us. Yeah. It's produced by Ke Rega and majority of this album will be producing by me and Kema Maga we're gonna have other producers.


So yeah, we're working on a new album right now. But this is the, the new singer, it's called Guide of Us. I was gonna ask you do, do, do you still get inspired? What still inspires you to do new music? Because you got classic, you got hits, you don't imagine Yeah. But you know the people, the fans. Yeah, because you, you see the fans when you go there, them ask, when are we going to get a new giant? When a new giant is gonna drop? When you gonna put out this, when you gonna put out that? So that continuously, I view in the studio, because I went in the studio the other night And I did a song with, with with Freddie Brown is a house music producer. And that beat was so wicked that I have to drop a wiki check on it and you know, this is how the music goes.


Music take me here. Music take me there. Music. Take me to Africa to do some Afrobeat. I do. I have a new song with Maya to come out right now. Wow. Yeah.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apu.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step-by-step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


That's a guy I I I make up about that, that that, that juicy rhythm with, you know, that biggie smile rhythm. Yep. Yep. Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to get Snoop up in there. So Yeah, I'm sure Snoop do it. Yeah. Do you have to change any of your lyrics from back then? 'cause back then in the, in the nineties and 2000, there was words that we used that Can't be used now. Can't Which ones, you know, which ones. Yeah. Yeah. It's a music is adapt and adjust. So if that's what going on, you gotta adapt and adjust to the, to the vibe that's going on. Because in Jamaica we were just singing for Jamaica. We didn't know that the music is music gonna go worldwide, international.


Once the music go worldwide, international, you have to sing for The World to understand where you're coming from. So you have to make some adjustment. You Ever look back and be like, damn, that's, that's, we used those words back Then. That was the times though. Yeah, Those was the times. That was the time when we used to do the music the, the way like we love it, but now the people is into the music. You have to do music for people. So you're not doing we music my music, my music for me, you're doing The World music. So do The World a favor play what they want to hear. I love what you said earlier too about artists just doing the music and they were doing it just be, you know, just to get the cause and just to get the look. I feel like, you know, the reason people have always loved reggae music is 'cause it has a, a intention.


Yeah. So, so what is your intention when you refer, but, All right, this, just to put it like this, when I just started out when I was like five years of age And I, I started do stage at age seven, I never know that money come with music. I never know that. Doing it for the love. Yeah. I doing it because I, I I was born as tam a kid and music is what made me talk today. So can of a conversation. Wow. Because I sing all the time. I sing everything. I used to sing the reading book in the school. I used to sing the list, the shop, everything, so I can really talk. So what I did the music for is to get my speech up to date so I can speak to people straight.


So when I start to make money for music is when I used to go in DJ competition, DJ contests. You got 40 artists there. But I could do three things. I could sing, I could chart And I could dance. So I enter the dancing competition breeze. I enter the singing competition breeze. When I enter the DJ competition. Now it's a difference because DJ Cho word and each other. So if you good enough, you can build a lyrics backstage or you have a lyrics that already built. But incorporating a next guy name into it is, this is how the DJ business goes. So, you know, sometime when I said I started out age five as a dj, people think I used to play music.


I play music. Yeah. I play records, I play CDs, I play music. Because without you knowing music, you're nowhere in music. So the, the, the, the DJ and the competition and the interest in music, it just came from loving the music. It's not really, you know, you get up and say, I'm going to be rich because you never know that money. I never know that money was into it until I saw King Yellowman. He come out and buy a car and walk in Jewel around. I'm like, what? That's why you become, you becomes a star. So yeah, I try to fight to be a star. I love what you said about the, you, you said you had a speech impediment and you Yeah.


And you, who taught you that? Like who said, you know what, if you sing everything, it'll teach you How to do? No, nobody taught me. Wow. I really do taught myself. So God just said, hey, sing. Yeah. Yeah. I think that just come in my head and it's just bomb. Wow. Yeah. Because every time I in school and the teacher call me up and giving me the reading book, everybody know they're going to get something. So the old classroom is like this. Yeah. Because they know I'm not gonna read that. Everybody know I'm a stomach kid. So they know there's no reading going on here. So You had, when you had a bad experience, like the first time you had to read out loud or something, that's what you No, it's not really that. I couldn't farm a full sentence in less than 10 minutes.


Trust me. It was hard. You have to stamp your feet, beat your chest, do all different type of things. Yeah. So I realized that when I started singing, I don't stop because as a kid you have sing there, got the lamp, all have a farm. Yeah. You sing all of that, but you turn all of that into lyrics. So you just move there and move from here and move from there. Move from there until you start to figure out that when you do this thing, it make you speak better. You Never did a, never thought about doing a children's album and just s singing all 'em songs. I thought about it all the time, but it is, it is. You know. It is, it is not really my thing. But yeah, it's a music thing too.


So if I can get some reggae and some dance hall together and put some children's song together, but I rather my write my original children's song. Yeah. More than go from oh my down. It's just incredible how God works. Like, you know, something that some people would look at and say, oh, this is an impediment. This might hold me back in life. It actually propelled you Yeah. To be who you are. Yeah. This is not about the children's songs. Yeah. I was sitting here thinking I remember you guys a diverses. Yeah. And I was wondering because during that time you couldn't, you, you, you're talking about how much money you make here in the us you couldn't come here. I hear a lot of us artists talk about how the verses that Swiss, that they do help them make so much money and the catalog numbers go up.


What did it do for you at that time and how did it help? Because you couldn't come here in tour and stuff. Trust me, my Cadillac numbers go up like seriously, like my Cadillac is just, ah, my Cadillac becomes a Cadillac. Your catalog became a Cadillac. That's right. It just, and just move off. Like seriously. You get more listeners who never used to listen to you. You know, you got more streamers who never used to stream. So Yeah. And, and what happened? Did that police officer just walked in your house, Walked through the street? Yeah. He just walk inside. Just boom. Is that, is that how it works in Jamaica to just, just open the door and just come on In? Well, all right. Everybody was focusing on on what was going on.


So nobody was focusing on so, so For people that don't know during the verses, a cop just walked right into the room and was like, Hey, What's going on here? Like, what, we got millions of people on, on live now, so why you want to do him? He started talking about Covid and all this. I'm like, we are home. You know? So he is talking like he want to get serious. Do you want to be that guy? He looking to himself. I said, yeah. So yeah, cop do that. They, because they feel they have a right anyway. They see like cars gather, even though the door, the gate is closed and is is indoor area, they feel like they're the police.


So they have to come find out what's going on. It's not like they didn't know what's going on. They just want to come show their face. You know? I, I see with them at the time. But by the time we were taking a break, that's why he could said what's going on? Yeah. It was like the only time I've ever seen a versus battle, like interrupted like a party like, yo, y'all making too much noise coming. It Felt like a Jamaican b it, I was like, were banging on the door. And you were so you handled it so well. Yeah, like, Well you see the, the police officers, they're waiting for you to disrespect so they can do their thing, you know? So you just angle it in the, the best way you can just do that in the best of your ability to make them. No say we not disrespect no one.


We are in a closed door, indoor area. We're not outside. We're not harboring nobody. You come in there, you see everybody in their mask, everybody's good. It's only we know who's on the, on the verse just doing it raw. And I never want to do a verse like up season downstairs gathering thing you did there and media writer. So so we get the studio and we just go in the studio and just do it right there. 'cause this is our Jamaican road. Mm. Why did you have to, why, why, why would Trin why was Trinidad and Tobago so mad? Just 'cause you say you ain't like, you don't like doubles, man. You see people get mad at things. Yeah, yeah. It wasn't even, not necessary for them to get mad.


So, you know, that's how it goes. And I don't think Trinidad and Tobago get mad at some people. Just trying to say that. Yeah. Yeah. That was the headline. Yeah. And it made it seem like the whole Trinidad was mad because You don't want, that's Crazy. Doubles. I watched shooting the airport And I take picture with Trinidadians every day I go to Jamaica, I take picture with Trinidadians and two Bacons every day. So if they were mad at me, they would've tell me personally. And it, yeah. How do you, they probably whispered you. I don't like doubles either. Seriously. Seriously. I was gonna say, how are you dealing with, with, with social media? Because you know, when you, we came up in the era where there was no social media, but you know, Emini here, you walk down the street, people take a picture. How are you dealing with social media and people picking apart your life? And I, I deal with it because I know of a phone.


I don't have to look in it every day. You said you don't have a phone? No, I don't. That's a blessing. Oh wow. I don't even know what I would do. Oh, I got pee around me, got phones. Yeah. It Was very difficult to been For Put That out there. No Instagram, no quick, quick little Instagram. That's a, I don't do that. I don't do that because I got too much problems in my life. In my real life. I got too much problems. I got, you know, not problem, problem, problem. But you got mouths to feed. And you know, when, when, when you sit down and look on certain things, it, it bring you back, make you get mad and crazy over nothing. Because anything people say about you is publicity.


If people call your name every day, that's every day somebody's talking about you. The only thing bad a man can say about you is when they say you're dead. And you cannot come back and say, nah, I'm not dead. So anything bad they say you can counteract with goodness. So I, I don't listen to social media. I like it because the music is, what do you call it? Evolving, you know, and evolution is a must. That's what they say in, in the, in science. So when they come with all this technology and everything, regardless of you, is a part or a part of what this is a part of The World and this is what happening with The World today.


So you can just adjust and adapt or just leave it alone. That's how I know you an original and you don't care about what other people think. Nah, I don't care. But a lot of times people have social media just 'cause they have a fear of missing out. Yeah. I'm, I'm not into that. I don't have a fear of missing out because I will always be here. I sing sim similar. Come on. That's right. Sim sim we have a Producer named Sim Sim. So because you're such a positive person and like your spirit is so common, how do you deal with stuff? Like, I saw when your daughter, you guys are going back and forth or she had made those statements and then you guys had to come up with a statement And I was like, I've never seen you. No, I I involved, I was not going back and forth. No. People was trying to react to her because I always have this thing as I am father, she's daughter thing.


Yeah. If she have a problem, she come to me. See, but you see sometime people that you think not going to do certain things, they're the one that surprise you. Like, ta-da surprise Your statement. You seemed hurt by having to even respond publicly to her course. Trust me. 'cause you see, the problem is it's only your own kid can make you feel a certain way. You see, when you dedicate your life to take care of a person and a person dedicate their life to bring your life down, you're gonna be hurt regardless of what Yeah. So yeah, she did hurt some feelings, but I move on And I get over there. Y'all good now? Yeah. No, but she's good.


She's, she's a 30 day old woman, so she know to balance up herself and she's all right. Do you ever question yourself? Like, what did I do wrong? Did I do Something? Yeah, I always do that because when, you know, it is always be one thing or the other. It either somebody asks for something and then they get it at the time when they want it. Yeah. And just take it out in you. But yours is yours. You work for yours, you know. So all you have to do is just be humble, mile it down and know that that's your daughter. You know, she speak fing and things that she's not supposed to speak about me. And it was all lies. So it's not true. So it's not like she burst in a secret.


The only secret she burst was talking about my Maserati when I never want nobody know that I'm going to bring it to Jamaica. That was it. You have to have to deal with that with people. Like do people, you know, sometimes, like you might do something for a person 10 times, but that one time you don't do it. But, But that it is, that, that's a Caribbean way. I don't think that is the Jamaican way. That's the Caribbean way. It's yeah, you do a lot of good, lot of good, lot of good. And then do you ever notice that a guy got a $200 problem while you got a $2 million problem And this problem is more important than yours? That's right.


That's right. That's what we face every day. Yeah. So people in life just have to face life for what it is. You know, it's either you adjust or that, or just leave life alone. But I'm not going nowhere. I'm still here. Yeah. Did you, did you ever wanna leave Jamaica and live somewhere else? Mm. This is not my thing. But I, I've spent time in firing, but I have to go back home because first of all, my kids are there. So if I plan to leave Jamaica, I have to pack up everybody. And I am not planning that for now. I was gonna ask you what, you know, what makes you such a people person, right?


Dealt with so many different artists, Caribbean artists, rap artists, RB artists. But when it comes to, to you, you are very a people person. You like to meet people where they at? Yeah. Emini here. I, I tell a story of a time. One time I came to Jamaica and you took me to the beach. You took me to get food. Like, and it wasn't you and your crew, you took me around. Me. Me. Yeah. So what makes you such a people person like that? I think it's my mom's. Yeah. I think it's my mom's. 'cause she know that I'm, I'm not a church goer, but I have to go to church. It was even one day in the week, but Sundays we have to be in church. So that, that's where I started to meet people. That's where I learn to start to socialize with people and all that things. So I bring all my old upbringing in my music because The stardom never got to your head.


That's, That's, that's never, because you see, all right, you wanna become a star. You have to expect everything that come with stardom. You gotta expect you have to take picture. You gotta expect you have to sign, autograph, you have to expect, you gotta kiss a baby. You gotta expect, you gotta live up a little kid. Say, oh, be the man kid is 2-year-old, I'm 50. And little kid come, ah, you got to hug that kid. You know, you gotta sign out at to girl for that kid. Take a picture of that kid. And yeah, that's, that's how it goes. Because people love you because of your personality. People don't love you because of your songs. People will listen to your song and dance to your song, but not buying a ticket to come out and see you. That's Real.


That don't make no sense. You know, people supposed to love you for who you are, not what you do. So you could be a TV announcer, you could be a radio announcer, you could be a journalist, you can be anything. You can be the man that picking up the garbage. You have to talk to everybody. You have to boom after the mad manifest because the mad Manno, he said, man, I sleep on ground like this And I, my face give my thing. That's it. The man push the ax, the money, lower the bus, they're all people. So for you to grow up in a big family like mine and not a people person don't make no sense. My mom got 13 kids and her kids got 13 kids and yeah.


Where are you in the 13 kids? Like what number? Ah, I'm in the region. I'm in The region. The region I'm in the region I I'm in the region. You said people gotta love you for who you are. Yeah. Not for what you do, but, but you are the music, right? Yeah. But not because you are a musician and not because you're a superstar. People need to know you. They need to know who Moses Davis is otherwise from Beman. Beman is the man that go on stage and pull out the audience and the girl named wine and man them. And, but s Moses is not like I walk and sing and walk and dance. Yeah. You know, you have a be that person who people can talk to, come out and shake your hand, you know, you have to do with presidential, like Yeah, The, you know, we all get older and you know, the older we get, you know, we have to change things about our lifestyle.


Did the doctors tell you to slow down on the rum in Red Bull? Well, the doctor always say to slow down in everything Doctor tell you to slow down and the eye grade, they tell you to slow down on the rum in Red Bull. They always say that, but you are the one that feeling it. So you supposed to know, you feel doctor give you advice. Sometime you have to take it. When them say critically it is critical, you know. But if they give you time over time you will get to balance it. So if you drink a B layer rum today, drink half bler tomorrow you start to drink quarter bottle. So you know, you slow down. I like That. So you don't just stop brap boom and then you get into Nah, that don't make sense because I I I don't think rehab work for people.


I think you have to rehabilitate yourself. Yeah. Seriously. But you can do that. You can jump back. It's still the same rum. You're just not drinking a bottle, you're drinking half bottle. When you reach a half bottle, then you just post it down to a quarter bottle and then you can go one drink a day and you can do that. You believe in your health. So you believe in your life. You can last a little bit longer. Yeah. So Doctor, don't have to tell you that Man's gonna be performing May 24th at the UBS arena on that's a Saturday, the king of dance hall tour. He'll be hitting the city. What other, what other cities you hitting? We in a lot of place. We eat in Philly. We, we, yeah, it's, it's there.


You can find it. But right now I can't tell you on top of my dates. Well New York is May 24th. I'm coming. You know the wife's coming. Yeah. You can go to Ticketmaster ticket, Gonna Atlanta Ticketmaster. Yeah. Just check out Ticketmaster and they will tell you everything. I, I was supposed to come with a old thing of list and where we are going and what we are doing, but I didn't know that I was gonna be here today, so I have to cancel everything. I Know. I, I called him. I said, yo, I called Beanie. I said, yo Beatie, how you come to New York and don't come by us? He goes, hold on, I, I changed my flight bridge And I be here tomorrow morning. So he changed his flight to get, so I appreciate you, but I knew that when you were in New York City you had to Come through. Yes man. After to, And we appreciate you Beanie Siegel. Beanie Man. Man, what the hell? Beanie man, I don Why?


That's funny. That's funny because Beanie Siegel used the name Beanie Man. Really? Yeah. Beanie Mack. No, it was Beanie Mack. Beanie Mac. It was Beatie Mac. Yeah, it was Beanie Mack. Okay. Beanie Man. Yeah, because he said Philly Beanie Man, I don don't don't take, don't be offended by that. 'cause he's retarded. I know. We can't use that word. You're not supposed to use that word. Word. How, what's the word for retarded in Jamaica? Dumb Ah, damn handicap. Yeah. A lot of things. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I would just go with normal stupid Yo envy. I'm gonna call you that you normal, stupid, normal, stupid man. It's Beanie Man.


It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after miles. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.