
Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors


Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an At&t store for details.


This is Tracy v Wilson from stuff You Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-Wheel Drive. You can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota let's go places.


This is Dr. Joy Harin Radford from Therapy for Black girls.


Reading books gives you feelings. I mean that's what they do. And with millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. Like there's an awestruck whoa feeling you get when you read about a dragon flying across the sky. But that's different from the surprised whoa you get when you read that the best friend did it. And that's totally different than the hubba hubba. Whoa. When the Stable boy becomes a stable man and Amazon's got all the woes Amazon books, that reading feeling awaits.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got our niece NLA with us today. We got a special guest in the building. Polo G. Welcome. What's up? How you feeling brother? All good. Tired. New Album Dropping Hood poet Back outside For sure. Yeah. We haven't seen you In a in a while. Yeah. Been a minute. It's been a minute. What took so long? You know I went through a lot of things You know with my music and just personally that kept on derailing me. But You know, I'm actually like glad I went through everything 'cause I feel like I wouldn't have got the product that I ended up with.


And. I feel like it's the best one that I could have had in any year that I would've dropped. What were you going through? Was it like a writer's block or you didn't know what sound you wanted or label All above You know. And what about personally? You said personally was it we Get to the personal music first Before we get into the new music because Got some girl over here get to the personal, When he said something bald, I wanna know why, what took it so long? I really, at first they told me like, oh, polo G flipped the Michael Jackson record And. I'm like, not Mike, like how dare he? But then I actually really liked the record. Were you not comfortable?


'cause it was a more like mainstream poppy type record. I mean it's still rap, but was did you feel like you're going different from like your core music? Or you saying like with my New Album, no, I feel like I was definitely giving back to my core. Okay. Because like my project that I dropped beforehand, I was trying to be more, a little more mainstream versatile. But like on this album, that's why I titled the Hood Poet 'cause I connected back with my roots. What's the, what's the hood poet to you? It's like a spokesperson for the neighborhood, You know person really speaking on telling everybody's story at once. Not just he is You Know.


How can you still relate to the hood Polo? I mean you you, you living lodge in la we see you walking down Rodeo Drive. You got a big stack of money. Feel free to pass Uncle Hunting If you want, but I'm just saying, I'm just watching. You Got it. I'm watching Hanging out your pocket. You know what I'm don't don't You dare. I got it. But How can you still relate to to the hood? I mean it is where I come from. I'm gonna always naturally relate to them. You know I still got close dealings with like my family, friends, everybody that still come from that You know I'm really You know. I really come from it for real. So it's in I'ma always. Yeah. You feel a bit of a survivor's remorse? I feel like I do at times though.


Like overdoing for people. Feeling like, damn, I know I was in that situation before. You ever get caught up in the, in the, in the feeling that you have to go back and help. Yeah. I feel like that's a good thing though. Having that type of obligation or feeling obligated. What is the acronym for Hood? Poet It stand for? He overcame obstacles during pain or emotional trauma. Hmm. So have you been exploring that? Like have you been talking to like a therapist or a counselor just to see I I tried a few times. Okay. Yeah. I I do want to like make it more like a regular thing, but I have like did a few times before.


Yeah. You gotta find the right person. Yeah. Once you find the right therapist and y'all lock in, you'll you'll be consistent. Yeah. That's what I feel like it is. Because I saw a couple months ago where you posted drugs and liquor help me cope with pain, but I need better vices. Have you found any better vices? Yeah, I, I I I really laid back off drinking. I ain't been drinking for a little while. I won't say that long. It probably been only like a month. But no, I be really like working out a lot. I Hoop from time to time. Like I just try to do, I like being by myself. I feel like that's a, a decent vice if it is one. But like being by myself helped me think clearly.


You ain't got no game Sha 5, 5, 5. You talking about he can't play basketball. You I'm decent. I'll say I'm decent. Shamon can't touch the net. So don't even know You're not gonna do anything. I'm a three point specialist. You not, not even close. Now Hall of Fame was a number one album. Did you set any expectations for yourself when you was working on Hood Poet after having so much success with Hall of Fame? Definitely like first like creating the album and coming off of like my album being so big, the one that I, the hall of Fame one. Like at first that was my main primary goal. But like after all the time how I went past, my biggest thing was just getting the music out and just making sure it was like the best music that I could put together.


You know, like, and really just trying to put my soul into it. But definitely early on that was probably one of my primary focuses. And then it shifted. I I read somewhere too. I, I don't know if this is true, but you say You know only rap in history to have every album go two times platinum. Is that a true State? Yeah, I think it was like at that time, I don't know, I don't really know what, how, what they meant by it, but I did see what's the Twitter account? It's one of my favorite Twitter. Oh, hip hop daily. Yeah. They'd be doing the certifications. Yeah. Yeah. Is that true? I wonder if that's true. I I I just saw it And I was like, man, that's interesting that, oh they Do the certifications, they check the numbers and everything on that site. They what? I said they check the numbers and everything on that site.


They said every album you put out has gone two times platinum. Yeah. What does that look like money wise? All in your pockets. Why you If, you want me to ask about you but you all in your pocket because you Money got in your pocket saying how they don't make the money off the record sales. I'm just wondering like Yeah, I mean I can't really relate to that. I don't know. You getting money off your record set for Sure. Good answer. Do you, do you, would you rather go back to the days where it was more independent? Because I realized this time around, the reason I ask is usually the labels are called, but I was getting calls from people outside be like, polo wanna come to The, Breakfast, Club. I'm like all whatever. But it was, it was seemed like it was more of a independent way of doing things opposed to actually going to the label.


So is is that going back to the roots and going back to where it started from, the reason you're doing it that way? I don't get what you asking me right now. So usually the label books you, or the label calls to get Polo g on the radio, whatever it is. But this time it was more of a personal relationship, which was weird. So I was, I was curious to, if that's the route that you wanna go more to an independent route where it's going outside of the record label. I, I'm always like collaborate with my label on ideas or doing anything media wise. But I think it's definitely a good thing to just create a good like, team on the inside to do a lot of the same things that the label would do.


Just so you ain't so dependent on them. You Feel like the label wasn't doing enough for you? No, I don't. Oh, I definitely don't think that feel like they, they step for me. But like I said, it's, it is really about building your own personal team. For sure. What do labels do nowadays for artists? I feel like it's like a lot of groundwork that they do the things that you probably may not see You know and just stand on point and, and And I know, I I I talk to my team, to my label a lot about like what I should do from a analytics standpoint. I saw a lot of people saying they, they was wondering why Lil TJ isn't featured on the album.


Man, me and tj, we just be having to lock in Brody just he be gone like probably 80% of the year. Like you can never really get a hold of. But that's still my boy. We, we locked in forever. Well Y'all be doing records, y'all be in the studio together like Yeah, most of the time that's like the only rapper that I be in the studio with. Like most of the time we, I just send a track back and forth, like a lot of feature records that I have. I never, like, I probably had two or three songs with Lil Baby before I ever met him in person. So me and TJ we always lock in. We got that chemistry together. How'd y'all get so tight? Right after I signed, they put us in the studio together.


He had just signed before me and like we basically like grew up together in the music industry. Now You know a while ago I gave you a donkey today because you was saying that you were one of the only rappers with no security. Now you got all this jewelry on And, I, And, I, And, I. The reason i, I was so disappointed because I'm like, yo, polo has always been one of the small ones. Yeah. You walk around with all the jewelry, you got money hanging out your pocket. Why was you testing the streets in that way? Polo. That, that wasn't like, sometimes I feel like, 'cause I ain't always all always out there, people don't know like when I'm trolling or just playing around sometimes like there wasn't no like I'm trying to entice nobody or trying to puff my chest out.


I was just really bullshitting. Like I ain't even like You know. I probably was four hours away by the time I posted that You know, like I ain't no goofy like that. I just be trolling. So, and that's something I've been doing since the beginning of my career is just like I be forgetting that I'm at a like big point in my career where people would take down anything and yeah, You know. So I, that was definitely a learning, like something that I had to learn to just be more mindful of. With Hippo being your comeback project from the break that you took, what is like the takeaway you want people to get from this?


That I really put my all into the project that I took my time with it because this the longest it ever took me to drop a project in my career. Like I, I was on the cycle of dropping an album every nine months in the beginning of my career. So like with taking so much time, it had to be the best shit that I could create. Were you nervous of doing this album? 'cause you said that you wanted to stop your vices, whether it was drinking or, or or drugs. So without using vices during this or doing that, were you, were you thinking that maybe your mind couldn't put out an album, you couldn't rap without those vices? Was was that a fair at all? Sometimes that's, that's a thing You know coming early on into my career, like aha, like pills was my thing a lot.


And I made a lot of good songs off drugs. You would start thinking like, oh that's the only way I'm gonna and then like you, it, it is really just a thing of finding yourself. You know. I feel like now at this point in my life I make my best music sober. And how did you get off those devices? How, how did you finally wean off and say I'm not doing this anymore. Was it a scare? Was it family, was it management or was it yourself? It's always myself. It's definitely like, like, like dealing with the like mental problems that come with it. Like You know, You know when you drink too much and then it's like you trying to pull yourself out of that depression or that darkness.


Like going through that and not wanting to be in that head space again is what really made me stray away from it. Do you think you're trying to escape something? 'cause You know when I listen to a record like You know barely holding on and you like You know Def is deaf in the air, that shit will leave you with a chilled spine. Even though my spirit's down, like I'm okay, I feel fine. Shots from that Steel Nine aim from that hillside. I'm from the trenches where they just murder just to kill time. Like it feels like you feels like you dealing with some real dark stuff on this album. You feel like you was doing all that just to try to escape? Yeah. You said I For sure. For sure. I feel like that's it go hand in hand with the, the just the rapper lifestyle too.


While you may indulge in certain things, but I definitely feel like it's a escape thing sometimes too. Yeah, Because on turning back you say I need some therapy. Like you literally say that for sure. So you, you're clearly self-aware that there's something going on. Yeah, For sure. And Even now having a con, even talking to you now, I feel like mentally you might be somewhere, somewhere else. Like you got a lot on your mind Always though. That's that's, that's just me. Does it make these press runs even more difficult? 'cause You know you gotta go out here and promote the album but then you dealing with real life issues as well? No, not really. I press runs going to be a little difficult to me 'cause I ain't really like a person that like to talk.


So we know Also on No Turning back, you talk about how you gave your heart to the streets and got nothing in return. Where would you say your heart is now? My heart right now is with my family. My son. I love my son a whole lot. Like And I. That's why I want to like, I ain't, I wouldn't say shift my focus but like be more attentive in that area. Yeah. How old is your little man? He Five. Oh, okay. Okay. How has fatherhood has changed you? Because you, you young polo you, so you was a young pop. Yeah, it changed me for the better for sure. It, it be teaching me patience.


I'm, I'm a very impatient person, but dealing with my son help me like, like learn to be more patient and just see the beauty in life. For real. I I wanna stay on the turning back record 'cause you talk about your brother and you said I missed Myki, threw it all. You was, you was there for me. How was his absence affecting you on a day-to-Day basis and, and just what he's going through because he's, he was charged with murder, right? Yeah. I wasn't even talk talking about my my blood brother. I was talking about my homie B Money who passed away in 2021. Oh wow, Okay. And but definitely my, my little brother You know we was tight, we was close.


So I, I I speak to him. I be missing him a lot though. That's like, that was my dog. I mean that is my dog. Do you feel like that, I don't wanna say that's your fault, but like the rapper lifestyle led to him maybe getting jammed up like that? I, I definitely wouldn't say that. No. You can't really call it to be honest, to be totally honest And letter, letter for my pops. You talking about how you don't wanna let your son down like that is one of your biggest fears. Yeah, but I feel like You know you did have your kid once you, you got money you up. So I don't like what is the fear of that? You can take care of yourself so you can take care of your family.


I I just know how important it was to me. Like for my father to be there for me and like definitely just being there for my son a a a important thing for me. 'cause I know like how how much it counts to put that time in my pops was there for me for everything. Every little point in my life making sure we did our homework. Some as simple as hanging your jacket up, playing catch with you in the backyard. Like that's things a kid gonna remember more than me being able to pay for anything for my son. Yeah. So, so it was important for you to give your dad his flowers? Well, For sure. And that's him on the record too. Yeah.


That's him. Yeah. That's cool. What else did you learn from your pops? Like I, I really wanna know like how did, how did having a father figure keep you from really You know succumbing to the streets of Chicago? My pops, he a real really wise person. You know he always going to give you the pros and cons to any situation. Somebody that's real easy to talk to. I feel like he kept me away from or out of trouble a lot of times. A lot of times You know or just being that voice of reason You know When you having conversations with your son or interactions with your son, what do you do that you like Damn that that was my pops my pop did this for me. Like It's a lot of things I do I feel like is


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t and their best deals, those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. With this amazing deal, you can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. Any year any condition deals so good it will have you shouting from the rooftop. So get yourself down to the street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z series smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an T store for details.


This is Tracy v Wilson from stuff You Missed in History class. The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive you can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. And with available features like heated seats in a multimedia touchscreen, you can stay connected in comfort and style or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip and agile sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a dependable Corolla built just for you. Plus both Camrys and Corollas are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style you can drive efficiently and affordably. So visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing national sales Event deals on Camrys Corollas and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com Toyota let's go places


You are probably careful with your personal information but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service has your payment info and last three addresses and the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news To save up to 40% terms apply.


This Is Dr. Joy Ho and Radford from Therapy for Black Girls. Reading books gives you feelings. I mean that's what they do. And with millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. Like there's an awestruck whoa feeling you get when you read about a dragon flying across the sky. But that's different from the surprised whoa you get when you read that the best friend did it and that's totally different than the hubba hubba. Whoa. When the stable boy becomes a stable man and Amazon's got all the woes Amazon books, that reading feeling awaits.


Similar to my pops, we almost like like the same person for like I see that in damn day. I think I do. What what's your, what's your relationship now with your, with your mother station Mack? Because she was your manager. She not no more though, Right? No, she not my manager no more You know. That's my, that's my mama always loved my mama. We just probably ain't in the best space right now on communicating terms but that's, that's my OG Ima always loved damn How How did you find your moms? How did that conversation go? That had to be a tough one. It was just a mutual thing. You know it wasn't really nothing to it. This thing Knew Michael and Joe. Janet and Joe still Gotta be a call conversation 'cause that's moms like.


Yes You Know she go hard for you though. She do like hard. Do y'all still communicate now or Nah often You know but it still communication there it is. It is just not like how it used to be but I feel like that's just a rough patch on our relationship that it get back to where where it was. When you see family, public issues spill over the social media like You know everybody saw the situation between your mom and your sister, do you intervene or do you let them work that up? For sure I'm always intervene. It is like I don't wanna see no shit like that You know so I'm gonna always try to get in between and before it go too far, That gotta be a rough one. Didn't go too far.


It was fighting and shooting at each this in Chicago. In Chicago. I might have to start adding Chicago with Florida. He said before it go too far. It wasn't too far. They was fighting and shooting polo like see that's normal to Chicago people like Oh little bro. That is definitely normal To Chicago people. That was Crazy. Is it even something that can be worked out you think? Yeah, For sure. We family. I mean I like, I feel like cuss who I am that's it's, it is just being broadcasted more and like everybody gonna talk about it. But every, everybody family go through go through shit like that shit I'm accustomed to. I'm like You Know minus the shooting.


No, that's normal to him. And and how do you intervene? 'cause you can't pick a side. It's, it is like you almost gotta just try to put 'em both in the room and be like, let's have this conversation. Yeah, that's, that's definitely the angle to take. 'cause my sister pretty headstrong person, she, her mother child You know. So you definitely gotta be it. Have you tried that yet? Have you tried to have to break it out on the phone first? Of course. 'cause you don't want 'em in the room yet. But to, to try to get their, their feelings out and squash it because they mom and daughter, It's something that I want to get around to, but I'm definitely letting them breathe a little bit more right now. I mean I just like, I just like the energy that y'all bro.


I, I always like the cap a lot. I liked watching y'all as a, as a family unit You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I just thought that was dope. Mom helped managing the rapper son. I just thought that was dope. Yeah. Now, now you mentioned you grew antisocial and you said it is all it is y'all's fault. Who is y'all? Like just I, I ran through a lot of different friends or just like people I was associated with and it's like I always go through a phase of having to cut off a lot of different people. A lot of people came and went in my life. So I feel like that keep me even more standoffish than I was before.


To be fair, you also are evolving as a artist and in You know Oh man in personal life and then like public persona too. So some people are just there to get you to your next phase. Yeah, that's a way to look at it. But I wanna talk about your creative process within this project. Can you describe, 'cause you said this is the longest You know that it took for you to put this together. What was it like? Did you create en beat You know? Was it more like poems? 'cause it is Hood poet. Like what was that? I was definitely, I was locked in with a producer. I was locked in with Southside 8 8 0 8 Mafia fire.


And we had locked in for like two months and we cr we made like a large bulk of the album in them two months. Like probably like let's say eight or nine of the 18 songs that's on there. So we was just building that chemistry and really went from there. Who else was on the project besides 8 0 8? He Got a, he got a team of producers. Oh Fire. So Matt is one of his producers that I work real closely with and a TL Jacob on there. I got Oz from Chicago. He on there who I'm missing. I don't wanna make nobody mad. I got a lot of producers on there though. He said Check the credits, check the credits.


Who did we a shoot? That was that, that was South Side. I'm sure. I'm sure that's not how you pronounce it. I'm sure that's We a Ute. I'm sure that's Not it but that is how it's spelled. We Chute I'm sure. I don't dunno what why y'all name that was Ute. I Dunno what that was. We a shoot. Like I, what that was I, I put like that's how I talk. I ain't wanna put Will like I think that would've sounded weird or it would've been a weird title That's in the hook. We got the guns. We'll shoot You know. I ain't worried about what he'll do. Are you ever nervous about that? Seeing what's going on with Young Thug put stuff like that around like, damn, I wonder if they could ever use this against me at any time.


I'm not worried 'cause I'm not doing nothing. Okay. I'm not worried about fuck. Well you did get arrested back in April. Polo there was a loaded firearm in a hotel room. I don't know if it was yours but Right. Got you. Okay. Okay. Antisocial. You wanna tell See see you got it. But you see, here's the thing for coming from the street. You are, you are a legitimate businessman now. So if it's not yours I feel like it's okay to say it's not mine. You may not have to say whose it's, but it ain't mine. Olo G your counselor would say don't say anything until the court date.


Did you see the discussion that b glad TV was having where he was talking about he got concerns about you? 'cause he feels like you might have one foot in the street still. What are your thoughts about people who have those concerns? That, that about me? Yeah. I, like I said, I think they shouldn't have that concern at all. 'cause I'm not doing, I'm, I go to I I I go home after I come from the studio. And, I don't really, ain't nothing too much going on in my life. I just You know I'm just a rapper. I feel like You know brothers who survived the streets of Chicago. They're, they're literally like actual soldiers just because of everything that they've experienced.


The trauma, the PTSD and stuff. So, so is it hard finding happiness now? 'cause you live a great life, but is it hard actually being happy because of all the traumas of your past and, and things you might still be dealing with now? I think 'cause I, I I I deal, I feel like I cope with it with that stuff pretty well. 'cause like it's, it like, like how we was saying earlier, it do, it is something that become regular. Like I don't really, I don't really be too throw off by like death or nothing no more. Like, so I be really able to accept a lot of that stuff now. But I do have those moments of survivors remorse or just like my trauma's catching up to me sometimes.


But I feel like all in all, I I I cope with it. Well, I mean I, I got a advice that I didn't really touch on is music though. Like, I'm always have that in my pocket to be able to deal with my problem. Are you accepting of it or just numb to it? That's, that's the difference, right? Like learning to accept something and just being numb to it. I feel like a little bit of both. A little bit of both. You said music is one of your vices. What are some of the things you listen to to cope? Like artists or even decade? I like all type of music. I'm, I'm always on YouTube. I, I like r and b music or just like, I wouldn't even consider it RB because like what, what category?


Like sexy drill fall under, that's like rap and that's sexy Drill. It's What the hell is sexy Drill? It's R and b but drill Because I like that Kani song. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. That record is great About Killing the Pussy. No, no Kalani, The name of the song Is Kalani. I'm saying but they call it sexy drill. Why? Because you killing pussy? No, not killing her. Literally like it up Music on drill beats. Oh, gotta talk to Unc sometimes. That's Sexy. That's sexy. The woman, It's called Sexy Drill. We didn't name it men named it. So n If you was with a man Oh boy. And y'all was setting the mood. No, do not put that on. What, what are we Gonna do Paul?


Are you out here setting the mood, the sexy drill? No, not, no. I really don't really like that term like that. But I just rock with it. The like the sound. Yeah. Yeah, I like the sound. Now, now v Vlad also he, you FaceTimed him. You said you wanted to meet up with him face to face. Like what, what, where did all that start from? Like what is the issue? Because you called him the feds like Vla man, it was really a situation where I came across him and act having a sit down and my name came up and VLA had a issue with me making a tweet, responding to a tweet that somebody made about him being the police.


This before I ever seen the interview about him being the police, And I, And I said some shit along the lines like, I agree You know. And then we end up seeing each other in the bank. He chopped it up with me. I really left it alone. I ain't never say nothing about him since. But like the way he was talking in the interview with Act is like, it was almost like he was, I don't know, like he still felt the way and he's saying that he, that I didn't never respond to him for an interview. And then it is like he just fake got to going in And I didn't really understand that from a person who had an issue with me speaking on him publicly. So that's really where my issue came from. And, I try, I'm trying to talk to him like a man. It ain't really one no more to it.


But then he trying to remind me he 50, you should have known that before he speaking on me though. And y'all had an actual meeting? No, he don't. The ran into each other. They ran into each other At the bank? Yeah. Yeah, he, I ran into him at the bank. So you pulled up on him or did he say, hey, I'm glad or did You know It was him? As soon as you see him, Nobody know what it Looked like. I was in the line at the bank. He this like, during Covid time he got his mask on. But I like You know, I looked back at him. And, I smiled, You know. And that's when he was willing to engage in conversation, I guess You know and we really, it wasn't really nothing, we just chopped it up about like how, why he felt the way You said, you also said in the song you can't relapse off these drugs or ip, the juice.


You really took your last perk with juice because you said that in the red, you said I popped my last one with you. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't did that since. Really? Wow. Yeah. How long ago was that? Like five years ago. Oh, okay. Okay. You remember that last experience outside of just the drugs? Yeah. I, I, I remember my last time just kicking it with juice period. I had, he, he used to stay 15 minutes away from me. So I pulled up on, I used to pull up on him. A lot of times he'll hit me like, yo bro, just pull up on me today. We don't, we didn't record music a lot of those times. I just, we was just kicking it together. So that was one of those days. What did Juice mean to the city? A lot. Juice meant he like You know he a rock star.


Like he different, he really separated himself from the rest of the pack. Feel like he definitely one of a kind, a lot of people appreciate him and it's, and it's like a good, like a dope thing. Like people coming from a lot of different upbringings that is able to like, support or rock with juice. 'cause like some of his music, you would hear it and you wouldn't naturally think people in the hood of play this. But like people, everybody rock with juice, Bro. Now you also got the, you you got a September 18th reference on the album. Is that related to your, your your late friend who passed away in Chicago? No. Yeah, that's one of my other homies though.


My homie, his name was T Gucci. He, he passed away. He passed away. I was 15. He was 16. Yeah. Got killed, right? Yeah. He got killed. Yeah. Damn. How much, how much death and have you experienced? You even know what grief feels like. I I know what grief feel like. I, I went, I went, I dealt with death closely a lot since I was like a little kid. Like I like my first encounter with death For real? Or like a, a murder. My, my uncle died in the shootout. I was like nine years old. That was like my first real experience dealing with that. And ever since then, that's like what I've been going through. So. So you don't feel pain anymore.


It's just, just feels natural now? I mean I definitely feel pain still I'm a human but I just don't really read too much into it. 'cause I know You know people living certain lives. This what come with it. So what adjustments do you, not, not even what adjustments, what do you feel your duty is to your community? Is it to make records like we are shoot or is it to say You know what? I gotta say something to help the next generation be better? I definitely, in my music, I definitely dabbled between the two. But pri like if You know Polo g as a artist, like most of the time I'm speaking on the problems or like telling you how this messed up or that I could connect with you on a level.


I've been through something too. I feel like my main priority though, in my community specifically, is just getting ahold of the kids. You know like everybody who been in the streets or half they own path and they adults like, it's hard to patch them relationships up. Like I You know people pushing peace now and trying to patch them, but like everybody ain't gonna have that same mindset. It's the best thing to do is go get, get ahold of the youth before they get too deep into them type of issues. Absolutely. Because once, once, once bodies start dropping, it's hard to just go back and like, yeah. Okay, we good now? Yeah. Yeah, I get it. I totally get it.


Well let's get into a join off the album. What you Well let's play Hood Poet. That's the one you wanna play. What's the one? What's the one, what's the single We shoot? He's talking about prolific stuff and what you wanna Mercy. Oh Lord. All let's get it on. We shoot Polo G there with the accent. I said we are shoot with the exit Char We are. Shoot. How you making it Jamaican? You just making it Jamaican? We a shoot. It's The Breakfast Club. We appreciate you for joining us, brother. I appreciate y'all having me. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


This is Holly Fry from Stuffy Missed in history class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all-wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back and enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more National sales event deals when you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just This Overall sense of community that values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Hi Icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chason featuring Meghan Trainor out today. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chas him for my New Album infinite icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.