
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, I got some good news and I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well, whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything. The countdown is on Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning. Everybody's DJ nv just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building who's starting in already? A legend. Ladies and gentlemen, rj Comedian. What's up Brother? Thank you man. How are paying Amish to all of y'all? God is great. I'm real. I realize why you such a good comedian. You are a very observant person. Soon as you came in the room, you observed a whole surrounding. You saw that. Absolutely right? Absolutely. I I teach my crew team. NII scan wherever I go. And, and maybe that was 'cause I, you know, I grew up fighting all my life. I I scanned Emini here my first day of school. I'm thumping and that's Emini here.


You know, I'm out the INE projects out of Florida, so Oh man. Wow. I'm straight out PO Bay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you was there when it was really the po See that right there? Yeah. That's the one hitter quitter right there. Damn. Yeah. I Emini here. I ain't big dude, but you, you just can't whoop my ass in and not see me the next day and say, Hey man, you know about yesterday. Oh no, you back at bro. I lost. I gotta get even. That's right. I did not get that. No, I'm not that bad. I'm not that bad. But you grew up Emini here. Pork be projects is notorious and Emini here that the area you grew up in was really, really notorious. Yeah, I was, matter of fact, I was inm between rum and, and, and all, all the way across the one, my whole family across 135th at 95th Avenue and all that.


Yeah, we, yeah. Wow. Yeah, you've seen some things. That's right. I, yeah. I coulda, I I coulda had a lot of hatred in my life, but I, I don't, I'm not an evil person. I'm not a mean person. I love, I love life. Whether light-skinned or not, you know, Puerto Rican And I, whatever. Dominican. Yeah, You looked at everybody and got it right. He Puerto Rican. He Dominican. I'm not Dominican. I am Black. I don't need fully black. Are you? Well you black now 'cause of the election. Are you black? Are you black? Come on now. Come on now. I'm always black. Come on in. C. Yeah. Okay. C. Okay. C. Okay. Our very own. Jess is not here. She had a flight. So that's the reason why she's not here.


Yeah, yeah. No. Alright, Jess, I don mind if I take off my jacket, do you think? Okay, because I'm, you know, stay for A while. 85 degrees in stay. Lemme take it off sexy. You don't mind. Wait, wait. Now this is what if everybody in here was gay, you mind if I take my jacket it off and it don't go all the way. You just stare at you for a minute. Look at me. Shy Emini here. Well, Happy pride. Well, thank you. Damn. See what I'm saying? You walk right into that walk in. You don't watch no straight man. Happy pride man. You know what? We had never met, but I'm gonna tell you something.


Y'all, y'all are projecting good energy for me. You trying to get them Handcuffs off, man, you reminiscent. You reminiscent about being walking. Right. You know I did see you get chased once I advised unless you want a reenactment, he took off too. He asked, man, lemme tell you something, lemme tell you something. When I saw this, I think cut my mouth, this nigga gone. That's right. And I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say a word, but I'm like this, this, this Observation. Observation. You scan, you scan, you scan the streets because four, you missed every car. You missed every car when you dipped and damned right? Sure did. And you knows and, and, and see a lot of people.


And it reminded me of me when I did, and a lot of people don't know this. When I did the, I did the Eazy-E video. A lot of people thought, which one? The Compton City g's. Wow. That's, that's what this record the Dre What exactly. Yeah. But everybody thought that was AJ Johnson because he did the first one with with Drake. No, that, that was me that did that. Because you should have, you would've been able to tell the difference. Just back the speed that I was running. They told me to slow. Remember the scene when it was run through the park? Yeah. My dog was chasing me. They told me to slow down. I said, dude, I'm an athlete. I ran track. Y'all got your pants low and you played baseball. And I played baseball.


Yeah. And this one behind me played baseball. And that's, that's, that's my son. But he, he, yeah, he played little ball too. But you know What that mean? What you say, you Watch him out. You can't do certain things like we were talking about earlier. When you go to minors, you just can't Oh, got you, got you. And get the same week. Got you, got you, got you got not twice. Got you, got you. Yeah. He failed the drug test or something. Damn. All I know is I said, you are not moving back home. Damn. That's all I said. Did he listen, did he move back home? Hell through all my nose. Oh, okay. Because you were gifted, you Emini here, you, you know, you, you had it, you just didn't want it bad enough.


When you want something bad enough, you do what's necessary to get there no matter what. You know, you, you wanted this right. So you worked hard to get this and you wasn't gonna let nobody take it away from you. Correct. You know, and just the fact, the way you ran that day, I knew that you would be back because I know all them got tired. Yeah. All them said, oh, I got the Hell on. That's right. I'll do it Again. But you know, I, I wanted, I really wanted to meet you after that day because for the simple fact that was like 12 years ago. It don't matter. I, I want to, I want to, number one, some people you just want to meet and some people you, we all have, we observe and we all have an opinion on.


He's one of those ones. Sometimes I carry an opinion on you, but I wanted to meet you. What was your opinion? My opinion was sometime was I know you're trying to get to the truth. You're trying to get to the truth. But I'm like, bro, It's a way to Get there. Yeah. But that's just me because that's about, I, you know, I'm a Scorpio, so I'm, I'm I'm pretty in your face. But at the same time, you've never wavered. Now I'm gonna have to give you that you've never wavered no matter if you are right or you wrong and, and DJ envy you, you, you say what you gotta say sometimes too now. Yeah. But y'all, y'all pretty smart catch. I appreciate that. Thank you. Appreciate y'all pretty smart. 'cause I see how y'all go try to do the underbelly sometime with them.


Upper cuts and underbelly. Catch cut your person. Well, it's been off guard. You've Been watching 15 years though, so it depends when you caught. Say it again. I watching you running the apart. Oh, you running pretty fast now? I'm watching. I tried tell Comes in the video. I, but I have to see, I had him see it again. You went pretty fast. I had to hold my hat. I seen you holding your hat. You know, you know, just like a famous person in the hood said they were running a 4, 2 40. Oh Lord. I was like, if you don't stop. If you don't stop. If you don't stop. And I love both him, Kevin, myself, and Kat had a race for real, real talk in real life.


Real life. Where story. I think we were in Cleveland getting ready to do a show. How did this race happen? I'm just saying who was talking to Charles? We had a race. Okay. I'm the oldest. Woo. What year was this? It don't matter. It don't matter. It don't matter. ISN in Jesus' log books, it don't matter. And you won. I'm just letting you know they didn't So you ain't see the 4, 2 40 is what you're telling us? Hmm. I didn't say he couldn't run. Okay. Okay. You know, because anybody getting chased can run. That's right. That's right. But a 4, 2 40, come on now. But I love, And I, And I want to clear some of 'em And I'm glad I brought his name up. And then can I get to this? You can do. I'm so amped right now here for a while.


We ain't. Take your time, man. Thank you. We ain't going nowhere. I wanna clear something up with, with my fans and with the people that have seen this interview. Something was asked a about Katt Williams and myself and I said Kat did something for, for my brother that I would never, no one can ever say nothing bad about Kat to me. And let me say good morning to all of America. Kat did something. You know, Kat, a lot of times Kat has a great heart. A lot of people just don't understand him sometimes. But there is a great heart and a and a great young man in there and he helps people out without thought process.


Meaning, I ain't got to know what your problem is, but I know you, this would help you monetarily. A lot of people say that, by the way too. Yeah. Especially comedians. Kad did something for me that, oh, I'm trying not to get emotional. Kad did something for me that had nothing to do with monetary value. Had something to do with the way your heart has been built. My brother who was in the wheelchair, we were doing a show in Detroit and my brother, the way he was sitting, he couldn't come back to meet everybody.


And, and, And I can't remember if, 'cause I didn't remember it at first. People think Kat gave some money to my brother. For what? I, I got money. Kat did something that most humans wouldn't do without, without thinking. He went and sat and talked to my brother while everybody else was backstage meeting everybody. He talked to him. Wow. So he saw your brother, you saw Yeah. Saw him, him physically went out there and talked to this young man. That's why can't nobody tell me nothing bad about Ka no matter whatever other demons may be going on.


You can't talk to me about it. That's not my lane for that. My lane is what he did for my brother without which money could never compare to you. You understand me? Absolutely. You understand me. Emini here. So I I just wanted to clear that up. It had nothing to do with money. Had every bit to do with this brother's heart. Right. His brother's heart was so I just wanted to, to Salute the cat. That means a lot. It means more than a lot. Absolutely. You said you wanted to clear up what the people think. Y you and Kat Have Beef or you and Kat had No, no, no, no, no. Everybody, like you said, everybody especially committee, think that everything is, it's about monetary value that he's throwing out money. No, he threw out his heart. Ain't throw out money.


He threw out his heart that made that, that that made my brother probably thought he was standing up and walking again. Dope. You understand what I'm saying? That's why that's I know exactly what you mean. I know, I know. I, I know people who've done that for other people. Like didn't give him no money, didn't put them in a mood or anything like that, but just showed up for 'em. I say that about, you know, Issa Rae all the time. Issa Rae showed up for one of my, you know, homegirls when she was going through them. My homegirl did ultimately, you know, take her life a couple years later, but yeah. Yeah. When Issa showed up for her rest in peace, Ja fly Jasmine waters when Issa showed up for her. I know what that did for her and her spirit.


So for all we know that might have kept her alive, you know, For just a short Years. Absolutely. Absolutely. So I I I get exactly what you're saying. Yeah. And, and people get misconceptions about us as people of color also. We have great hearts, but people don't understand. We've been through a lot of shit and we are saying, when are you going to quit? You can't keep kicking that dog in the corner and while he got teeth in his mouth. Don't expect him to sink him in on you at one at one point. You can't do that.


People of color. And I'm saying people color, not just my black people. We have great hearts And I love each and every one of you, but Latino community. Y'all fucked up. I'm just keeping it real. Y'all. 62% now look at you. Yep. Oh, them Venezuela's in Florida. They live right next door. Remember the lady Trump number? We voted for him. Y two hours later. No, don't push me. I don't wanna leave. No. I voted for him. Even average working white people mad.


What The fuck? What do you mean I'm fired? I voted for him. I swear to God, man. Swear to God. I voted For him. Man. Sam's gonna mess with the black people in the, in the Mexicanos. Yeah. Man. El taco worms man. That cool. The fuck. Oh That you crazy Man. I'm I'm, can We ask you some questions? You, I I like people that interview theyself. Okay. But you, you used to play baseball. I did. And, and you gave up a pro baseball career to go into comedy. Well, I never made it to the pros because I went to a jail. Went to jail. Yeah, I did. So Why you so hard on your son? All you did was smoke a little weed. Well, it's legal in most days.


Exactly. Oh, hold up. 'cause we gonna get some straight right now. We gonna get some straight now that man to follow the daddy, daddy, I'm saying between, between me, you and your mama. We getting ready to get some straight right now. First of all, you have to know our history. Okay. In order to understand why I say this, number one, you have to realize I'm passing along knowledge to you that I've already obtained. Oh, okay. I got you. Grasp that. I got you. You cannot, I told him, this is the things I said.


Do not allow a female to ruin your career, handle your business first. Get, get to the main line, finish that destination, and then you're gonna have all the offers you need. See what they bring to the table. And it's nothing against a female race, but I'm saying they will end your career. Yep. Quickly in sports. I knew he was something special When he was six months in the crib, he reached for a ball.


Not norm, not like a normal baby. You know how babies re he went like this. And I said, oh shit. This is what I said. I didn't even know at the time my wife was filming that I didn't even know. And she showed it to me years later. I said, we got one. And I was on the film. I said, we got one. I started training him at four mm I never let him hit off a tee. You know, they let little kids tee ball. Wow. I never let him hit off a tee. I switched him, switched him right to left at nine. He fought me for three years. Every time I made him go to the left, he hit his first home run as a freshman from the left.


After that, I say another word, his glove was buttered, but his bat was dangerous. So you have to realize I was throwing him anywhere between three to 500 balls a day. Damn. So you put a lot into him. A whole lot Into him. And you already made a lot of mistakes that you was telling him not To make. And I said, you are gifted. So you have to realize when you're doing that, you're taking, you're taking away from your home life too. Even though your, your wife wife may understand you, you're taking away from part of her because you're, I would fly in, I would, when he started playing ball in school and in college, I would fly in. Like I flew in one time, flew in back to Atlanta from doing a show.


Got in my truck, drove to Jacksonville. Drove to Jacksonville. When this team, he just sigh. He was like, man, god damn tied in this Goddamn damn story. Oh, oh damn, he good. Here we go again. But I had, when it's a, it was called, they were called the rods. What? Mexico Rock Puffer fish. I know that the Pro, that's the Pro team. Right? They wanted to, to see him protein prote. Okay. But they wanted to see him at like on a Friday at x at x time. I flew in to Atlanta. I I flew in from Atlanta, then I flew to Jacksonville, picked him up, drove him all the way to Roswell, New Mexico without stopping.


But once a couple times to fill up overnight and had him there by nine in the morning. I saw, I saw area 51. There really is a area 51. Oh yeah, we know. And nobody in Roswell. Emini here. That's my first time seeing it. Yeah. And they had that cliff where you drive. It's like a 2000 feet drop. I think my truck was tiptoeing. Mm. I swear to God, nobody in ro ran ran into my first sandstorm. Never had a sand or actual sandstorm. Like in the movie The Mummy Emini here. It was scraping up the car and everything. Did you think that was the aliens when you was driving through? I, it was eerie. When I say eerie, it was like an, and I'm one of those people that, that feel things, you know.


It was, it was very eerie. 'cause my mama didn't think I'm that. I'm psychic. I'm not. But they think so because I say stuff way before it happens. But it was just eerie. And then driving through that this, when it really got bad, that's why I said I couldn't live in a place like that. Roswell, New Mexico, nobody had their teeth. I went to this town, nobody had their teeth. The fruit was rotten and squished down. Like, like it had been x-rayed Emini here. You know what I'm saying? Like zapped. Nobody had teeth Emini here. The young ones, nobody had teeth. Like all they teeth fell out. That's, I thought I was in a movie. I, dude, it was weird. So how'd he do?


Like I said, you can't get caught twice in the same week. Damn. So it seemed to me what you did to me, all this work that I put into you, not because I'm trying to live through you, but because you had a gift and God put me there to hone that gift for you. You seen the talent. I felt betrayed that you let me down and yourself down. And you definitely let your mama down because she's the one holding, holding the fort while we out there on that baseball field. He's Sitting right there On that. You think I care? Do you think I care? When was this Look, look me in my eyes. Do you think I care?


When was this? What do you mean? When was it? This is how, how long ago Jay? We talking back when that happened? Seven. Seven. Yeah. Seven years ago. Somewhere. You haven't let it go yet? No, no, no, no. I let it go. I don you asked me what happened. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm telling you, but you still hurt. That's what I'm asking. No, it doesn't hurt now because No,


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody. Right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. There are always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything the countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime day, July 8th to the 11th.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring ES stress into your car. The all new Nissan Mura is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing misogyny seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take you in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your O ACEs in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's the interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states N mls consumer access.org number 30, 30


Oh it doesn't hurt because we gotta live on, we gotta move on to the next, the next chapter. And that's what we doing. You know, you, it's still young, still growing, still learning. You know, us as men, we take forever to catch on. Yeah. That one week shouldn't have defined the whole career lifestyle. Right. That's what I'm saying. So what do you mean? That one week, that was your, that You were Oh, so that was his big break. That was where Yeah. You want that next step? All right. All right. All right. I got you. I got you. I got you. You okay. I got you. You went From, I got you. Yeah. You, you could've been at a, anywhere from a, anywhere from a five to a $10 million contract.


Now McDonald's checks is looking good to you. Dang. Lemme tell you something. You sound like my daddy. My daddy got a story about one of my cousins who got a tryout with some base, but it was a precious base between, might've been the brave of somebody and he just, it, this was way back in the day. So he just didn't wanna take his earring out. So the fact he didn't wanna take his earring out. Hold on a minute. Uhoh Dang, Daniel, what? Did you hear him? Yeah. What what about it? No, never had that problem with mine. Never had it. You got them chandeliers on his ears now. No, I, I love him though. He's, he is doing, he's he's doing good. Well, so I'm glad that y'all could get past that man.


Yeah. I went past it Emini here. Is that why you didn't do it special for 10 years? Because you was pointing to him A lot of it Emini here that, And I had to gather the thoughts of the material. 'cause I'm, you know, I, I don't watch other comedians. I I don't believe in that now. We saw you say that on the, the special. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't, I, you you need to see me. That's who you pay for. So I try to be as different as I can be. I I try to be just, I try to be different. If something happened to you early in your career that you, that that made you have that mentality. Like I don't wanna watch other comedians like you. I've always been a loner.


Okay. So I've always had to entertain myself. So in doing that, there's, there's a, unfortunately there's a lot of hatred in the, the midst of this business. There's a lot of people that don't wanna see you gain fame or gain your next footing. Oh Yeah. Club Shaha has shown us that. Oh My god. Oh my god. Club Shaha has shown us the beep that exists in the comedy world. Yeah. Yeah. But me personally, I don't worry about that. You know, And I of, and of course if you would watch that, you heard me talking about the, the one event when the dude trying to get with the girl and call me a certain name to that girl.


You from New York? Yeah. Yeah. Now I gotta ask. You've Been compared, you can ask whatever you want to. I do. We gonna ask black man you you've Been compared to, to legends like Eddie Murphy. Okay. And Richard Pryor. You heard that before? I'm sure. Yeah. And Flip Wilson. And Flip Wilson, Why do you think on SJ hasn't, like he said, done this special in 10 years took off the way that these comedians named that I said, is it because you balanced family life a lot better? That's an excellent question. And also, you just gave a great answer. I was already into a family when I got into this that couldn't stop.


Did I wanna be famous? Of course. That's why you get into this. But then I smartened up and realized do I want the fame or do I want, do I want stability down the road? Give me the stability. You keep the fame. I know a whole bunch of famous broke people. There's a whole, there's some famous broke people that I had to dish out to, but your name was known more than mine. But I got my fans who have never let me down my special right now, within five days it was at a million views. Five days that don't happen.


2 million Views, two Months. I'm, I we at 27 days, we at 2 million views. I can only thank God Almighty. And and there's people out there that care about me. And that's what it let, that's why I give every, when I'm on stage, I give everything that I have. Whether there's one person on stage or it's 10,000 on the, in, in the arena. I give everything that I have. 'cause I'm not afraid to fail. I'm afraid to let my fans down. People work hard for their money. I'm your comic relief. They, they need that pressure taken off of themselves.


So when comedians Beef with each other, some of it's legit. Some of it's not. Anything that I do, I do it in front of your face. And then have you ha want to handle it after that? You know, you Know, it is an interesting question, envy asked. But I think think one thing people don't realize about comedians. Guys like you make money. Like I, I done seen you a couple of times, you don't even know because I was, I was, I was a youngster back then. Like Columbia, South Carolina, town of Gu Auditorium. Wow. What you doing? Columbia, South Carolina. That's where I'm from. You from Carolina? I'm from Charleston, South Carolina was born in Charleston, raised in Mounts Corner. You from Gucci Land? Yes sir. Gucci land. Absolutely. I'm, I'll tell you Gucci, my bad Gucci land.


Gucci land. My bad That you would hear Arna Jay name all the time. Ane Jay gonna be at the De Tanja auditorium or wow, you know, Arnez J gonna be at the Gillard Auditorium. So I've, I've seen, I've personally seen you on stage. Years, years, years, years, years ago. Thank you. So you think about that's what I've been doing radio 27 years. Yeah. So I you've been, your career has been longer than that. Yeah. It's been almost 35. That's what I'm saying. So guys like you been on the road, y'all on the road making tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars a weekend on that's like, don't count my money now. No. No. Oh. But that is one thing I hate. Do not look in my pockets. And that's anybody with me working with me do not look in my pockets.


And I'm gonna say this and there's gonna be a whole bunch of people probably get upset. But I'm speaking truth. Most comedians or of certain status I feel would rather have females working for 'em than men. You know why, why? Because we're men. We're alphas. You wanna be the top dog. You wanna be that alpha male. Why are you making all this money? I, I need to make more. Most of the time women, they're not in competition with you. They're there to do a great job. So when they do their job, it makes it easier on you.


A lot of comedians have a woman that will open up for 'em. It doesn't matter to me whether you're a woman or or a man. I've had both, but it's most, and if I'm wrong, you can tell me I'm wrong. But, but I don't think I am. I'm gonna take that clip and put it outta context. I just want you to know that you go do wrong man or woman. No, no. I don't care if it's a man or woman. I had both. Yeah, Yeah. No, you can do, you can do that. You can do that. Because I got context too, you know. See, you see how I don't run away from that. You see how I don't run away from that? You in my lane. So I'm gonna put you back in your lane. So do whatever you want because by the time I'm done, you and DJ and big have slept with each other. So now you do that if you want to.


But you ain't the first to say that though. Now you ain't the first to say Yeah, but the way I'm going to do it, the way I'm going do it. I said, why you think he's smiling His lip turn pink automatically. That's blood rushing up in there. You crazy. Oh you crazy. That's that, that, that, that's that coda blood. That's that coda blood that why you, why, why you think Shadam ain looks like an Egyptian with him eyebrows. Anybody goddamn eyebrows. I said I, I know somebody done sprayed a earmark up in there looking like an Egypt shake. No it's natural man. Nah, definitely not natural. He played with the mob. Yeah man you go with that. Can I curse her?


Here go go with that. Behind. That's when you know nigga natural because done in, so he trying to wipe, wipe It off when it It natural. No round, round here. That's natural. I don't know how that happens. Yeah. You know I don wearing mascara. How come you the only human that that's natural and all the other Jims had that done. How come? Oh my god. That's Our ancestors man. That's our ancestors. That's where we come from. I come from the same place you come from. Right. Why don't my eyebrows look like that and that you ain't done. Huh? You ain't get yours done. I know you done shot some ink in there. You ain't slick. You done shot some ink or had it threaded?


Whatever that thing's got. Nah, Nah. I'm not gonna lie. When I was young, oh, Oh, oh. Here I'm gonna tell you why. Here it go. I used to work, lemme telemarketing place and it was two girls and they told me that Tupac get his eyebrows Arch Nia and Samira. That's what they named. And And I got my eyebrows Ed 'cause they told me Tupac did. Okay. There's nothing wrong with getting yes stop arch. I did it that back then I was like 19 here Stop since 19 now not talk about that eyeliner that you got that permanent eyeliner. You know Charmagne, I'm gonna love you no matter what. You can't have eyeballs that look like that and then name Charmagne that go together. That goes together.


Greek God, Greek God, Egyptian God, God God. Yeah Egyptian God that, that go together. But do you know when my mama used to know that I was lying? What? She would say? What? Hold on I wanna ask about his style of comedy. Right. Because if you ever seen, I wanted to Stay in that room though. But go ahead. We'll let you go. No, no. Can I I'm sure do this before you ask me that question. Go ahead. We're gonna take a minor break here for pause for the cause. That's right. I need a pair of scissors or something. I do wanna say this. I was always taught scissors and I ain't got my blade on me. You do not go the way you was getting chased. You'd have more than blade on you. But, but what?


You should have a bat in your back pocket. The the, you got it nigga. You wasn't movin. I wanna say this. You don't go to people's house when you meet them. Damn. Without homage of a gift. I see why you kept that sealed. Yeah. This created by me. I'm gonna give you the name. Very minty. I was offered to put these in a major store. They said, you see how that mint is coming up? Yes sir. Immediately My sprays fer mint. If I open it now I gotta buy it or this. Yeah. No, they ferment about when I gotta buy it. Meaning it only gets stronger and you only need a couple of sprays.


These are os Okay. The stuff y'all be buying in the store, all this alcohol and water and it evaporates, just ferments. It gets stronger. Mm. When I wash my cars, I open up my hood And I hit, I hit inside my engine a couple times. When it comes to that vent, I'm going, I got four different sprays that were created by me, has my name on, don't one of those. So I brought these for y'all now, then y'all can decide. Gimme This one Brandon. It doesn't, man. Lemme see which one that one is. That's The rose? Yeah, that's the rose. Okay. What the hell you making this shit at? Lemme tell you something. I have a store called sj.net. Okay. But you can't get it on the store. I'm gonna tell you why you can't. You can go airborne or directly on the material.


Okay? Yeah. It says not for bodily use. Yeah. Or what's Called a motherfucker smell. A motherfucker with a, and that's, they wanted me to change the name, but that was for my brother Rodney. I'm not changing nothing. Don't ever let nobody take your vision. Smell good. Hell yeah. That Smell Good. Lemme tell you something. These are os I call. These are os You can spray this in your car. The bathroom. You that you, you taking a shit that mint hit that toilet a couple times. It'll save your life. I have mint. I have lavender. Lavender makes that body go down. Calm down. You can go airborne or directly on the material. Doesn't matter what you spray it on. You ever come out of a club Stuff smell like smoke, smell like a great oil weed?


Yep. Yep. Hit hit your clothes one time. Let it be somewhere cool. All that'll leave that mint. Ladies. That lavender. I like that lavender. The lavender. It is got a purple label. You got the, you what you got in me? You got the rose? I I think I got the rose. Oh, this the lavender right here Then. Oh dang. I didn't even know. Yeah, that's the lavender. This the, this right here is the number one seller. What's that? This is the brown. The brown. This brown is deadly. That brown's don't sound deadly. But what, what what? This the rose. The rose is the, the newest member of the family. That's that la Lemme take that lavender to the massage with me. It do. It don't even matter. Lemme see the brown. Take That massage when you hit that brown. Now y'all see the, how y'all smelling it right now?


Guaranteed. You will smell this for the next two days without spraying. Not another drop. You gonna smell it every time you walk in there. Damn. Because it ferments. I can't even keep these at the store. That's no good. I can't, I can't refurnish the store. It's overwhelming me right now. I can't even meet demands. What's the website again? Well, it's rj.net. You know you can go to Instagram but you can't get it on there right now. 'cause I I don't have the time sound so fast. Yeah, yeah. We had, we had 10 cases in Houston. We're gone within two and a half days. 10 cases. Damn. At, at, at 80 bottles of case. Wow.


So I brought these barren gifts. Y'all can decide who you wanna give it to, which ones you want. You can spread this in your, in your bag, your book bag and your shoes bedroom, your closet, your drawers. That's a good thing about this. You can spray it anywhere when you come in his office hit that carpet or whatever and it's not gonna hurt. If he spray it on something, it's not gonna hurt it when people come here and start getting on these mics. Hit that mic. Yeah. Because the mics be stinked sometimes. Yeah. Hit That mic. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's why I be trying to tell people brush your teeth. You come in. Yeah, I, I went, I came in after somebody and sat down beside and, and like an idiot didn't wipe the mind. I'm not gonna say who it was but didn't, didn't wipe them out. And I went like this and all my memories. I said, dude, you just got done sucking ass.


Damn God damn. You just got done. Sucking ass was crazy. Fuck you just got done. Just finished. Did you hit, did he call? Oh boy. He got a nickname for one of his girlfriends and he called her crack pipe. She's a booty ho person. Hmm. He, he, the nickname is Crack Pipe. That's what he said. He said your nickname is Crack Pipe. You I, you know, believe it or not, I'm not following nothing that No I'm Not. I'm just not. It's just I'm not. Why? Because you don't want to do all like the same jokes everybody else doing or I'm not doing no jokes. Yeah. Yeah. I I'm just, I I just, it's just, it's just ugh to me. Some of it sound. Yeah. When you said sucking booty hole. It just made me think of that case. That's why I brought it up. Huh. So you didn't even hear the part about did he, like when the guy finished on his girl and did he like to put the finish on his nipples?


You didn't hear that part? The Guy, he like, no, I ain't heard none Of this. He likes to rub other man's nut on his nipples. Allegedly. Say what? Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Let's, Let's move on. Let move on. Listen, I like the, the, when I've seen you on stage, you're very animated on face. Okay. Lemme get, lemme try to get my face back. Oh. Did the switch. I'm trying to get my face back. When you on stage you're very animated. Yes. Did you study like dances or like, believe It or not, I Jazz, I modeled in jazz dance for three years. Wow. Cleo Parker Robinson. And I've always, I was always a dancer. I always been physical. I jumped off my mama's roof one time.


A pair of girl animal underwear and a towel wrapped around my neck thinking I was Superman trying to grab a tree limb. Jumped straight. Airborne. Did you make it? No. And then I got my behind whoop damn. After she made sure I was okay. That's what black mamas do. Yeah. She ain't even check check to see if you was trying to kill yourself. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. All that air left outta me though. All the wind left. She Beat you immediately after. I'm just glad I wasn't hard 'cause I would've, I would've broke that little thing. I was, I was kind of high up in the air. See how I mess your mind in with that? What? Murder, You know in the, in the new specials Cadillac In the new special.


Not Gonna Stop comedy. You said that Prince called you. He did. You said his voice sounded sexy. Mm. You Said you would let him hit, huh? No, I'm just kidding. Okay. That's, see You know what dj I know Playing, he playing with you All day. I know, I know he playing with you. I know I'm gonna have to do you trying to be slick. Okay. This the game you wanna play with? Nah, nah, nah. I'm Good with game play. No, you open that door on he playing with you. This a game you wanna play. You gotta finish your question Man. Nope. I'm gonna let on that sit right there. Think about whatever he thinking about with you. It's a game you wanna play. It's a game you wanna play. I'm play. I'm think about ball. I'm going home man. It game you play with. Okay. Okay. Come about let him hit I don.


Even though when you looking in his eyes. Oh you were locked. Oh Charlamagne met him. Couldn't even say sentence. You could not look him in his eyes and leave unless his eyes released you. He Made me stutter And I don't even know why. I don't even, I know why you stuttered because your brain was saying what's up, what we going to do? Your brain said Well okay, you gonna let him hit or you going, you already looking at your eyes 'cause you already look like an Egyptian. So what you going to do? Yo, He had those two though. Prince had them them eyes like that. Lemme tell you so stop. Yes He did. Stop it. He print eyes. No, Prince Eyes and Tupac eyebrows. Wait, Who did this on your show? Oh, Darnell.


Darnell. Darnell. And you was in his back. Oh. And Darnell. Oh, I heard what you said about me fam. What'd he Say? What'd he say recently? Nah, I don't know how reason it was, but I was told something that he said about me. What'd he say? It wasn't bad Publicly or Well he was it. He was I Darnell. I like Darnell. But he was saying I'm just going by what was told to me. He was like that I can't get a job. That 9 19 9200 j out there working every week. No, I'm 1992.


Oh wow. No man, If, if I'm lying he'll let you know Me call him. I don't give a fuck. Call. Call CCBs. You think my heart pump water? No. But you think my heart pump water? I don't believe he said that Man. Okay, let's find out. Let's see, let's see. Man, he ain't gonna answer. He might answer. Let me see if I don't believe Darnell said that. I promise if you know, if I'm FaceTiming him, it must be something. What's up Sonja? Let's see, Let me see if he, I'm not calling him out. I'm just telling you when you tell what you heard, tell me what I heard. He ain't answer. He ain't picking up. Nope. Why your phone sounds so sexy.


Well what did Prince say when he called you And as why you slurring your yours? He wanted me, he wanted to meet me And I thought they were joking. I went to meet him and when I met him he wanted me to do two sh I did two shows with him. I was in Oakland, California. And when I went there to San Francisco first, when I went there, when we first met he was in rehearsal. Larry Graham was just either getting ready to walk off or walking off and he saw me and he told me, come on in. 'cause I didn't want to disrespect.


I'm up here watching this man in rehearsal and I'm the only one in the audience. That's dope. The only one in the audience. Then he told me to come on stage, Prince man. And as he had butter hands too. But Prince Prince is something else. Prince is a beast. When I looked in his eyes And I looked in his eyes like you, you're not gonna let me leave, are you, you're gonna hold my heart. But he, dude, I was in such amazement.


Then when I saw the wardrobe, the clothes that he was gonna wear, I didn't even want my clothes no more. It's my role manager laughing. Listen. So I, We know we saw Prince float away, Dude. I went out and bought me a shirt with the back cut out. He Shut off me. Rod am I lying? I wouldn't tell nobody I went. You wouldn't Tell I'm here to tell the truth. I went out. I don't, I don't, I don't lie. My gonna be Where'd you Find, where'd you find a shirt with the back cut Out? It don't even matter. We was in San Francisco. Oh, okay. I got you. Easy to fun. Got you, got you, Got you. Yeah. Got you, got you, got you, got you, got you. My back was cut out. Thank God damn baby oil back there.


I wasn't even a comedian when I went upstairs. I'm up here trying to shimmy the back cut out. You know what Charlemagne said? Charla, now we see him and it was in the hallway. Charlemagne walks up to him. I'm seventh day two. Well shut up. That's not right. He didn't say hello. What happened was doing, that's the first thing that was on Charla's. So he saying Prince was in the building. Mind you was six in the morning. I'm like Prince in the building. Why would Prince just randomly be in the building? Did You do this before you went out? He did. He did charm. Absolutely positive. Did you do that before you went out? He licked his lip. You could tell him, bro, he fixed his eyebrows. You get that? You licked your eyebrow. No, what Happened was, John man, did you do this? When we walked out the studio and we went to the hall, he was already walking by and he saw us and he came walking towards, he actually came walking towards us.


Okay. But when he left did you look at his little ass? Yes. And I took a picture. He took a picture. I took a picture of him walking away because we asked him to take a Picture. Did it go knock, knock listen, Am I lying? He Was floating. No, I'm glad he was floating off the ground. Yes, I'm not. And and then when I went to go show everybody, I'm like, yo, look, he was floating. The picture was black in my phone. It was just a black box with a picture of I'm not, am I lying? Vy saw, Vy was right. All he was right there. We all saw it. He was walking away. 'cause we asked him to take a picture. He was like, no, I don't wanna take a picture. Cool. And as he was walking away, I took a picture of him from behind and when we looked he was levitating off the ground a little bit.


And, And I I showed them, we all of the picture once to see him levitating. I'm glad you said that. And that Shit turned to a black Square. It did. I'm glad you said that because when he was on stage, you know they called me, he called me up on stage to perform Emini here, to sing with him and Larry Graham and, and everybody was up there when he started doing that little move. And I have never seen a pair of five inch sts move look like. No, like he wasn't touching the ground Emini here. It was the weirdest thing. I So you're not lying. No, we seen It. Nobody believes that. I don't tell the story because nobody believes it. But I seen him take the picture he showed us and then it was gone. Gone. The Picture send the picture gone. Like what The fuck, where the fuck the picture in?


It's a black box with a picture up Spirits, that's all. Listen, why Spirits? Why did you and Rickey Smiley have Beef man? Huh? I done heard Ricky tell that story. He, I think he was up here. He told it and he told you. Tell me what He told. He just said that y'all had Beef for 20 years, never spoke and then y'all randomly saw each other on a plane and ended up sitting next to each other and y'all squashed whatever issues y'all Had. Well that's what happened. That that what they told you. That's what happened. Yo on Is stupid. Yo, you know, you Just did what your mama did. You said No, I'm no he, no. Once you squash or we talk like to grown men, once you we do that, then whatever you say without demeaning me and getting away from all the truth, then that's what happens.


We, we'll leave it a death. That's what, that's, that's what happened. You Are a good brother man. Both of y'all good brother. Both Of y'all good brother. I know he is. Yeah, yeah. You know, I i I reach out to him. Both of us have different places in life. You know, I, I can get along with believe it or not, I can get along with any


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody Right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th and just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. There are always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day July 8th to the 11th.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bold premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan of vinyl today. Panoramic moonroof, Ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30


At&t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting a rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dream it would And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the at and t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Peabody, if you will allow me to get along with you. Plain and simple. And if you want to go the other route and we don't want to get along, I get it. You don't fuck with me. I don't fuck with you. I get that. I, I wish nothing but success for yourself and or your family. Period. This life is too short for us to carry malice in our heart about people. My my, my people get on me all the time and say, you know what, AEZ, sometimes you need to let go. You mad. Just say, I do let go when, but I don't, but I don't forget.


I don't ever forget because you think I'm gonna let you ream on me. You out your living mind. That's my problem. I can't let go sometimes. Depends on what you do. If it's something that is forgivable, then yeah, I can let go and forget. But some things I can't because Yeah, But you're Dominican and black. Oh my god. He's just Dominican. Ain't no black. So I'm not Dominican. I'm totally black. Totally black. Where were you born? I was born in Brooklyn, raised in Queens. Okay. And your dad is black. And your mom is black Boy. You Just told that Elijah now, man. What, where your daddy from? My dad is half black and half. Where is he from? Caribbean. Whoa, whoa. Back the fuck off. I just asked you What your dad is.


He's half black Now. You know, you said half after he said. And from the island of Dominica, that is a Caribbean Island. I know where it's at. Oh, that's a Caribbean island And it's very small. Yes it is. They, they eat, they eat bait fish as a meal. What? Damn What they eat bait fish as a meal. Really? I'm a fisherman. I travel all over the, all over the globe. The fish. I go for big boys. You know what the big as you caught biggest as I caught? Yeah. Biggest I think I've ever caught was probably like a 250 pound mako shark. But I kept, I catch yellowfin tune as I catch black groups. I stay on, I stay on the ocean fishing.


Matter of fact, yeah. Through my Instagram, everything people, they'd be amazed at some of the, the fish I catch, the fish I catch like red snapper now red snapper in the store, like black groupers upward, almost 45, $50 a pound. I catch it fresh And I just give it away. Give. So you don't sell 'em, you just give it to No, my friends sell 'em. I, I give because I keep what I want. My freezers are full of just fish, but I cook, you know? So I'm, I I love to fish. So I, I, I don know man. Life is just too short not to enjoy, you know? Absolutely. You got to, you gotta steadfast in life. And I like, I tell brothers sometime, I said Women never what?


Women never forget men, believe it or not, never forgive. You think we forgive you. We don't. You think we want to forgive a person. We know. We know. We know This niggas hitting from the back, grabbing your head like that. What Am I lying? Nope. Ain't nobody ever hit me from the back and grabbing my head like that. You ain't got no head, nigga Got no head nigga Vy Shout. Why you He Not talking About somebody grabbing you from the back? I know, I'm just fucked up. We haven't seen. Nah man. You trying to release something. Yeah, you see that.


You trying to release you see? It's okay. Go ahead. You trying to, you trying to release. Congratulations on your book, man. Thank you Man. I got a few of them. Yeah, but the one that matters. Congratulations. Your book. That Crazy. You actually an intelligent brother. I appreciate that man. You really are. Thank you King. I appreciate that. Yeah. I'm just picturing somebody grabbing you by your forehead and you and they in back you. How did this feel? And you, you was a flight attendant too, right? It sure was, Man. I know you was hilarious on the plane. I was nasty. What airline was it?


Hmm? Continental Airlines. You used to be on, you used to be on the microphone And I changed voices. I can do all. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was the lead flight attendant. Really? What made you stop doing it? No, that's, I'm asking what Emini here. I know that you do, you're doing your comedy Because it was time. Yes. No, I actually got fired. Really? For what? Sleeping on the jump seat. That's an automatic termination. Really? You Can't sleep on the jump Seat? Hell no. I was a flight attendant. Who tall on you? Hmm. A crew That was not even my crew. It was a crew that picked up my trip, the captain.


And at that time she over senior seniored me was sleeping with one to flight attendants. I didn't really get along with her too much, but I was real sick. We was in Newark, New Jersey and it was a snowstorm. So they held us at the gate for like four hours. Then we went out to, And I was real sick, had the flu or something. Then we went out to the runway thinking we gonna take off. We was out there another hour. Finally they brought us back in and They supposed to let the crew go after a certain point. Yeah. You have a certain time allotted. Well they just made that rule a couple years Ago before, remember you could Stay on that thing for no, no hours. No, no, no, no, no. You still had, you still had rest time that you had.


You can only push back times and you can only do it a certain amount of time. But we went back And I told the captain that I had just taken some NyQuil. So when we was on the jump seat, I fell asleep. Hold on. Somebody telling the story. Hush. They I'm gonna get to you in one second. No, I'm gonna get to you in a second. Somebody telling the story story to that. Here go back to the story story. Oh. Bottom line is when, when they, they they, they wanted to fire me. I told them what happened. The captain denied it. Said I had never told him anything. Oh wow. Damn. 'cause he was knocking off the old girl. Yeah. So that was an automatic termination. Damn. Yo. You out here talking shit about OG comedians man being disrespectful.


What you talking about? I'm a OG comedian. You are, but you had to know. Oh, He is in his feelings. You Said you he in his feelings that what day? What day? What did he say? 1992. Who's nine? Who's comedian in 1992? Who's, Who's the 1992 comedian? They are dead now. Wow. You being disrespectful son. Who's The 1992 comedian? I'm happy. Yo. Yo. First off sir. First off, son, uncross your legs when you're doing them interviews, son. Don't do that son. First Of all, first of all, recognize a pimp bitch. And I know, I know. 'cause you had your pimp voice the other time. I was like, this nigga about to traffic somebody. Sir, That's okay. As long as you don't snitch, we cool.


Nah, yo. And I'm gonna tell you, I, you know, I don't fuck with nobody. You one of the ones I fuck with. I know this sounds crazy, but when I see you I'm like, I don want this nigga to take me fishing one day. No Diddy sir. We were just talking about that. So why You shit on him then? Why you telling other people Darnell On this? I ain't never shit on, on this. No, no. What I said was, And I told, I said it wasn't bad. What Darnell said was just funny when darn as said, man, I can't get no damn work out here at 1992 RSJ working every week. Did you say that? No, I ain't never say that son. Oh, when somebody lied? Yeah, somebody lied. You gotta check that. I don't, I don't, I don't come out. Nah, uhuh no way, son. I never said that, that. Oh, okay. Especially, especially with somebody that used, not used to but continue to crush it like you did Nigga Uhuh.


No way. Thank you. They gotta fact Check. No, I I told them I have nothing but love for you. That's nothing. You always coing please when somebody run down on you man. Whenever you always wanna pop shit, then a apologize nigga just ask Kiss. Whoa. What I do is what I do is that turn him up. I don't let nobody twist my words of anything I said. And if something like that said you gotta show, as they say, show me the receipts. And I ain't never, never, never had nothing Ill or anything. And I ain't coing the plea. He one of the ones I received. You comment Plea And I, And I have to take And I have to take your word for that. Plain and simple. Stop Lying on Arnez J Stop lying on Cory Holcomb man. Lead him Great comments alone. Oh you need, you know what? You trying to start some shit with that one. You need to lead that alone.


You need to lead that alone. Peace honey. You need to lead that alone. Nah, I fuck With Cory man. I I'ma tell you one thing about Cory that y'all might not know. What's that? That motherfucker can fight. I would. So No as much as you No, you no, no. Lemme get this straight on. Okay. Okay. There's A whole bunch of people that run that yak and can't fight. Yeah. That's a legit, that's a legit strong man. I was, I was with him in a gym when he so called members of a gang or OGs, whatever, were talking shit. And Corey said, well what you want, you know, basically do let's play ball.


'cause he could play some ball. He Emini here. He was slamming one of 'em started talking. Corey swung him around like a a a, you know how you swing kids around? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the rest of 'em was getting ready to make a move. I jumped in, I said, no, all y'all ain't gonna jump on him. And then there was some other comedians sat back like little bitches. So let's just keep it, keep this real Well co I need Corey from Chicago. I need Corey to confirm this on the 51 50 show. I, I wanna hear, I need to know who the comedians were that didn't jump in. Corey can thump. I believe it. Even though he is heavier now. Emini here he can thump.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Corey a good dude man. Good dude. Funny motherfucker. No, he's, he's a real good dude. If you don't want his type of truth, then don't ask his type of question. That's very true. That's very true. That's very true. I, I'm, and I'm not making all this to be about fighting and everything, but the, the way that I talk when things enter my brain that stand out, I, I, you know, I say it like that's one of the things that stand out about him. I done seen him in action. I know it was the one comedian was talking all that shit to him. We was out outside the improv in LA And I had to go to this.


I said, dude, Uhuh, don't mess with him. Leave that alone. Lemme telling you right now. And all I hear no arna let him go. I said, okay. That's the key word. He want me to let you go for a reason. You are going to walk into a wall that's moving. Leave that alone. You not built for what's getting ready to happen to you. Lemme see your hands now. You're not built for that. Two buttery, two buttery two butter two damn buttery, two buttery Jesus Christ. Yeah. You Nah, salute the Corey. You could wipe a baby's ass and he'd be like, come on little bit more. Cory salute the co. Corey said that he, people always mention to him on Breakfast Club, but he don't ever get the chance to respond.


And he, he's he's absolutely right. So salute the Corey. Yes. Shout to Yeah. I'm, you know, I give credit what creditors Due. I know Corey got a problem with Darnell and even with Jess, but nah, Corey's always Been good. He got a problem with Darnell, Darnell and Jess. Those two. Oh, I yeah, that's what I remember. That's why I said you trying to start some myth. Yeah, Darnell and Jess, But Darnell do be copping please though. Darnell getting his feelings. That's what I'm saying. See, I I'm not built like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can tell You can't, you can't sit. What I don't do, I don't do mean well people that are mean. I don't do that. Well, you cannot holler at me and expect me in an hour to be okay.


Give me a minute. Contact me over the weekend the next week. Let's see where I'm at because you ain't gonna holler at me and then, and then let's go get ice cream. You crazy. Is you crazy. See I don't mind comedy. Like you, you go back in front of me make funny jokes. But when it gets personal, that's when you have to have to have a conversation. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. So if you going at me, you can go at me, we can go at each other. But when it gets Personal, I think that's what happened with Don Ellen and Cory. Once it gets, once it gets personal. Oh he got it. No, Corey baited him. Then we gotta have a conversation. He Got his feelings. I'm gonna be son, you ain't just gonna talk about my man in front of me.


I, he, you know he's s ticking up for his guns. Right. You know, that's what, that's what he's Doing. But I think what dealt with Don La Corey, it stayed comedy. The black and mild tour. It was comedy. I don't ever think it got personal or did it or did I miss something? Yeah. But the Thing, no, but The thing I love about Cory's comedy, but Corey and Jesse got personal. You can't let Cory smell blood on you that No, he And Cory going brand you. Yeah. You can't, he, it's Gonna be a brand that you gonna be stuck with. You know what I'm saying? So Darnell had to turn this whole special to the black and mild company? He did. He did. But it was Jokes though. It always stayed joke because it never got personal for them That I seen. But you know, I'm gonna be honest with you, but most, like most Latinos, I'm Not Latino.


So I'm saying that man, I'm not Latino Black. Yes, he's on that. I'm Black. Tell y'all getting y'all feelings quick. Y'all. That's him. Y'all don't joke too long. I Do. Yeah. I'm not Latino. I'm I I call it the light skinned me. But You can tell when you in your feeling, oh I can, your right legs start to shake. Yeah, Dude, you, you just watching me. But they call you call me beige Rage. I smell, I see things be, he just said I scan the room, He calls me beige rage. Yeah, because that's, I don't know why y'all get so upset. So maybe it's all the peppers y'all eat. I don't know. And that heat be on the inside of y'all. I'm not Latino on that. Okay. Okay. We gonna let you be black today. Latino is okay.


I do wanna say this. Oh my goodness. Latino is black. Okay? They come from a black heritage. So a lot of your Latinos, you are not white. I don know some of y'all want to be but you're not. Manu Chitlins same damn thing. Manu is not Chitlins man. Mano is chitlins. Mano is a group. Mano. What's mano you Spanish? You don't know. I don know. You don't know what Mano is? No, I'm Euan New Rican. What the hell Is that? New York? Eureka. Oh, Puerto Rican. That bruh. That's Cal. Oh you don't know. We really don't know Mando.


I'm not Spanish. I'm really not Spanish. Don't listen to him. I'm not Spanish. Not a lick. Yes He is. Yeah. Manto is is pork and liver with stew? Yeah, it is made with cow's stomach. Cinon brothel Red chili pepper. Sound like chitlins to me. Chitlins Just Imano chitlins. I'll Eat that 'cause I don't eat pork Man Watch On NJ Comedy, You know, man. What? You know what? You know what? On YouTube right now on. You gotta come Up here more man. No. Y'all gotta ask for me. I will come I 16 Years and this the first time you've been up here. It's crazy on That because I never thought Emini here.


If y'all call on me, I'm gonna come. I'm gonna give you Bunch. I'll sit in You and tell stop through. I will, ill sit in. We'll, we'll we'll roast everybody out here in a good way. Word. Word In a good way. Yeah, because I don't, I don't want you getting yourself in. No, you don't get in trouble like that no more, huh? Nah, not, no, no. Once in the blue. No, not even once in The blue when they come up in the studio. That be I had one, I had one, you know I had one fight after that camp. You had a real fight. A real fight. After the can I get a drop moment. But that was, that was easier 'cause it was just one person. So I handed that on my own. But that was like, that's the only other Time. Did he hit you in the eye? No, he, he swung at me, but he missed 'cause I was walking, I was across the street, So he really swung on me. Oh yeah. And I was walking out and he swung on me.


And then, Yeah, that was a good one. That was a good, you, you know, minister Society when you went back and looked at the video? Oh Yeah, because we had me, I was in a pharmacy so we could see the video tape. So he called Me out, we ran back down, we watching the video and then the dude walks back in. Me and Charlamagne got scared like shit because we like, why is he walking back in? He must have a gun. I just did him dirty, But him out so bad. He dropped his keys. He was looking for His keys. Came back to get his keys. Emini here, but I, I don't care about shit. Hit Him so hard, feet off the ground. I was impressed And I could, I could've took that tape and put it out. But for what? Like why I don't give a fuck On as I was impressed. Were You? I was impressed. That was years ago. I ain't, I don't wanna fight Nobody Gong Skunk 40. I'll be 47 calculations.


I'll be 47 in a couple weeks. I ain't got time for that Shit. I was impressed. Houston, Texas. There you go. That's right. I wanna say this to you. Let's go. I will be there next week. I'm humbly saying thank y'all so very much for the support that Houston. Houston, I'm sorry, they are just, they, they, that city, they can hear you. They, they, they, we only used In Houston. They have done nothing but support me over the years. I shot my special there. Now we coming back next week. We already looks like we're, we set a record there. We sold out over nine shows. So I think we be at, we're gonna be at the improv in Houston, Texas Improv next week. We, when we leave here today, we're going to New Jersey.


I'll be in Brunswick, New Jersey. New Brunswick. We're getting ready to do Is that it's called the Stress Club. Yeah. Stress Club. Yeah. Stress Factory. Stress Factory. Yeah. Stress Factory. So my guy Vinny brand. Yeah. So my, my, my tour is doing great. We had 2 million views. So, So call everybody, call people that, you know, in jail, put some money on their books so they can get some happiness in their heart. And I'm, I'm just saying thank you and I'm you two, y'all have been nothing but kind to me. Yes, sir. And, and let me say thank you And I, And I hope to have not offend anyone, but you know, Hey, when you, when you, when you, when you come to me, expect the truth, no matter how I put it, I got a lot of info.


People saying I didn't need to write a book, but who knows? Let's talk about it. Company, Let's talk, talk about it. Talk about it. Absolutely. Yeah. That's really, let's talk about it. Absolutely. If you don't talk about it with me, you know how your eyes are. You, you gonna black one, you gonna black Another? No, no. I draw, Draw. I draw. I'm just saying I draw. We both got outlets. You on that Just go to, just go to r and s Jake Comedy and everything else will pull up.


People in New Brunswick wanna know if I'm bringing my sprays, I have them. It's called a motherfucker smell good right now. You just can't, I, I can't meet the demand suit selling in my store, but this stuff ain't no joke. Alright. Everybody knows, you know, you, you, you gotta look at things as a business, you know, real quick, did you buy a bunch of homes in Detroit? No, that was, And I did. And Angela e You did a smart move. Boy, my boy, a lot of my family from Detroit. My, my wife, people from Detroit. I Don't talk about real estate on the air no more. But yeah, we did pretty Good. Shut up man. It's The Breakfast Club. Onj, thank you for joining Five man. It's The Breakfast Club. Wait, lemme cue out this way. Lemme cue out this way.


Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details,


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admit they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.