
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my years stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the Building. Yes indeed. They Got a new album out right now called Day Ones. Ladies and Gentlemen, day 26. Yo. Yo. What up? What's up? What's up? Feeling good to be good, man. Blessed. Good. Good, good, good. How y'all brothers doing? Man? Y'all ain't come up here just to talk about Diddy, did you? Nah, we don't wanna talk about him at all. I'm just saying everybody. I'm just saying that's what a lot of former Bad Boy artists are doing now. Okay. New album. Day one. Talk about 26. There you go. Absolutely. How did y'all stay together so long? Where you here?


This, this industry. Every or almost every group breaks up. There's a problem, there's a situation. But you guys have been pretty strong for a while. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. God, Man. Oh yeah, I Emini here. One thing, like I was talking to Lon the other day and he was like, man, like I really like respect y'all like so much because you guys have like been able to still keep going. He was like, I wish my group And I would've been able to do that. Who's that? Dalon. Oh, Dalon. Dalon shot to the band as well. Not Say his name three times. Remember I called him, I called him. I'm like three times. Just To piggyback off of that, we got some of the best fans in The World. Yeah. So no matter what throughout this time, like they've been like really keeping supporting us, whether it's big or little, you know what I'm saying?


And they just support us no matter what. So it, it help us stay together and you know, keep us working and all that too. So shout out to the greatest fans in The World. Day 26 fans, Day ones, you know, what Emini Here, what's kept y'all together all of these years? Just as, as a collective, I Would say like the grind that you saw Making the Band of us even being created as a group. Like that was serious. Like, we really walked to get cheesecake. We really stood outside in the cold and put our all into this. So we take that serious everywhere we go, you know, like, And none of y'all never thought about like, we just walking home like, you know, Ain't Okay. But I can say y'all really, really wanted it. But like, nobody ever said like, tell the truth. None of y'all was like through the, I got back Through the years group members fell off and came back and things of that nature.


So we had, you know, we had the, the, the hills and the valleys of, we didn't fall off of groups. But at the same time, I think the passion behind us and passion, the other thing that we really trying to accomplish out here is, is, is what keeps us going. You know what Emini here, we really like to be in front of the fans. We like to, you know, just create the new music and, and be in front of 'em all the time. So I don't remember him making y'all walk for cheesecake. Yeah, I remember the band. I Don't, we walked, we walked all we Did worse than the band. They only had to go to, they only had to go to Brooklyn. Brooklyn. Brooklyn. We had to walk off all of, go to all The World Across the George Washington Bridge and all Kind. I swear I don't remember that ever. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. It was Bull. Huh? It was bull. Yeah. Never should have happened. Yeah. Yeah. When, when do you think that that show really was trying to set y'all up for success? Or was it just for tv?


I think it was more honestly that show was kind of, in my opinion, this is my opinion. Tv It was tv. Tv it was tv. You know what I'm saying? Not for us though. It definitely wasn't set up for the artist to, to succeed. Succeed, to succeed after definitely wasn't Grace God. But what he was doing didn't know what he he was doing. He put us. It was Only by the grace of God that like we were able to still maintain and still be here to, and still do music. And not just do music, but do like, still do amazing music. Y'all heard y No, not yet. No you didn't, Man. Oh, Jess, come on. Y'all Like RB though, right? Yes. I thought we was here. We RB I'm telling you. Yes, I am here. I'm going to listen. You have to today. Thank you.


Yes. And I heard, I've heard some record And I, heroin in the bathroom just now. When I walked in the bathroom, somebody was playing in the stall, I'm dead. Wasn't was cousin album in the Stall. He was talking like, I Need some some music while I'm in here. So, but you said, you said that you feel like TV was made for you guys not to succeed. Why? Why do you feel that way? Emini here just to believe That, well, the show, I should say Emini here, Just the, just the way the whole thing was like set up. Like even from the contracts, you know what I'm saying? The way it was structured to like, when the cameras were gone, it was like, huh, alright guys.


It was nice knowing you, you know what I'm saying? Like, Yeah, we had to been around, we had to really go in and fight for our next fight for our next deal. Like we wasn't already signed. You know what I'm saying? We literally had to have people like Peacock and that really cared about us and what's, what's his name that we did? Troy Taylor. Troy Taylor. Troy Taylor. It took people like that to go to the label. Like, what are y'all doing bro? Y'all got the hottest RB group in The World here and y'all won't do nothing with 'em. You know? And so that's what it took for us to even get in the door to do another project. They wasn't worried about us like that. They, it was for what? It was for, you know, that's a tv. They looked at it for tv. Yeah. They thought about it for it like that. But then you got people who've been grinding they whole life at certain things. So it wasn't just a start at a TV show. Exactly. It was things that, you know, I was 10 years in writing and stuff like that. I was signed to w left at the time when I made The band.


And I was at Music World, you know, with Beyonce's father for, for years. So we was already in the game. It was created to make it look like he gave us, like put us learn, we learned everything we knew from this situation, everything. But, but it wasn't true. We was vets in the game. We had to get bought out of our contracts, some of us to be in This situation. So why would y'all do some of the thing? Because if, if y'all were already in the industry, right? I understand. For people that was, this was their first time signing and, and why would y'all do some of the things that they made y'all do if y'all were there? Like, you were signed, you were signed before y'all were already, your foot was in the door. Why would y'all do some of the stuff that I feel was like, I don't wanna say degrading, but a little degrading walk five boroughs across the George Washington Bridge, go get cheesecake. Like, and y'all know, it wasn't part of the industry that was just part of tv, the show.


I think at that point it's just, you know, you, you got your foot in, but you ain't all the way where you want to go. And you see somebody who's a musical mogul who can possibly take this thing and take it somewhere else. So you'd be like, yeah, all right, cool, I'll go and take that chance. I think that was more of a chance. Yeah. And we just took it, you Know what Emini here. And then for some of us, like me, I always wanted to be shine the Bad Boy. So that was a, that was a big thing for me. Like no matter the deals that I had before that or the deal I was currently in, that's a position that I always wanted to be in. I didn't know what it was before I got into it, but that's where I, it was when I moved to the United States, Bad Boy was the first RB hip hop that I even knew or heard of. So it had that kind of influence. And when you got that kind of influence on somebody, especially at a young age, you know what I'm saying?


Like Where did you move from? Germany. I grew up in Augsburg, Germany. My dad's in military, so I traveled around a lot. But once I came back here, I wasn't allowed to listen to RB music like that. 'cause my dad is a bishop, he's a pastor. So when I came here, I was with my mom And I got to experience RB Bad Boy was the first thing that I really gravitated to. So it was something that I really, really wanted. So it's like going after something that you've been going after all your life and then being right there. You, you might do some things that you wouldn't normally do. Were y'all seeing like the previous season, like, you know, how were y'all close with any of the other people? Like, you know, like Nest still to this day and Chop and all, you know, know That came after. After. Okay. So they was after that. So during, nobody gave us a heads up or Right.


Didn't need, had no Heads up. Went in Emini here, Danny came, but they were still doing, they, they were still very well in the middle of their situation too. So they wasn't giving us that many jewels to really, to make us understand what the situation was. But they did try to tell us a few things and be big sisters to us and you know, help us out or whatever. Prior to us finding out for ourself, I wonder, did people take y'all serious because y'all had talent that was obvious? Hell, it was also the antics of the TV show. And I always think about that one scene where y'all was singing y'all ass off. What did he was like, yeah, but y'all gotta get naked. What? And I don't remember super.


It's a, it's a million things that, did he say at that time that now after this is It horrible, didn't age Well I went back, We went back to watch the clip and you forget how hard y'all was singing What and how good they Sounded how good they, they sounded already. You Just remember the naked part. But I'm like, yo, they actually sounded really, really Good. Like what? And ain't nobody singing like that now. Like that's what also makes it so viral too. Like thank you damn y'all niggas that y'all wasn't no studio. It wasn't no nothing, no touches on y'all voice or nothing. Y'all were really fucking singing. Like boys, the men Virginia nigga told y'all to get naked. Naked even after that On Naked. You know what, your place was so funny when he said so funny.


Said I got that clip the other day, I didn't Get it. But Emini here, I, I'm thinking he was meaning like, you know what I'm saying? You got to be vulnerable while singing. Right At that time was but it age wrong. That's the way I interpreted Emini here. It's how they, I understood. That's the only way I was gonna continue to say Because If you watched the whole thing, he explained it a little bit before, like it, the video that's going around now, they cut out the little part. He did explain it like be raw. He want y'all to be like raw. He want y'all to be open like emotionally open and that's how you get the best. Oh, he explained the nakedness. He did, he Did. He explained it. But the video that's going viral was just, they did, they was just singing that made it sound like he was like, alright, that's good but now you, Y'all made it sound like you wasn't Willie.


I need you Naked explanation Probably made that video Look, look right, it's just not aging well, let's just put it out. That's true. No, it ain't aging. Especially with the new allegations of whatever things are Anymore. But did that make people take y'all less serious though? Definitely. We, we had a hard time breaking into radio because people really thought it was just a gimmick for TV and we had the number one album in the country and couldn't get radio played because it couldn't get radio play because people was literally like, oh we ain't think y'all need that. Like y'all from, you know what I'm saying? On Tv. TV. And it was crazy because the people, people really didn't give us the chance as far as musically because of it. They was like, yo, y'all coming to places and, and people coming to see y'all and y'all selling things out.


But y'all didn't have a, y'all don't have a record that was pushing. It was, it was more from the TV success. Yeah, that DJs and nobody would really give us that full play. Like, yo, now it's real dope stuff. You know what Emini here. But we just wasn't getting it just because of the TV show and what they thought we already had. You know, what Emini here And then, and then going from, you know, 'cause Willie, you went from Making the Band to love and hip hop, you did more reality tv. Yeah. How did that help or hurt? Did that help or hurt your Career too? Emini here just steady, steady on the grind of things, man, I don I don't think that it, you know, helped much, but at the same time it was visibility. Yeah, For sure. Because then we started looking at you as the couldn't get it right. Yeah. But you know what, and the thing crazy part about, the best thing about, the best thing about it is I'm 17 years married now to this day my family boy sick.


So you know what I'm saying? No matter if we mess up or the things like as long as we grow and we mature from those things and we are able to correct our wrongs, I feel like we get to a better state, I think. And that's why I am now. So Yeah. Yeah. How much of that is in the new album? Like what songs reflect that is be a Man Every record on that album is somebody's story at one point or another. Every single, like it's 17 of the hardest RB records you'll ever hear. And I, I'm not just saying because I'm a member of the group, but this is one of the dopest r and b albums in a long, long time. Yeah. And, and to answer your question, one of the songs that I think the touch on for me is the record called Inner Out. I think it's really big for a lot of relationships nowadays.


You know what Emini here, how, how we go in and sometimes we feel like we here, we nodded and, and we may be in a position to almost lose our girl, but we fighting back and we don't understand the arguments and things to say those type of things. I think all that stuff comes out into that one record in or out I think is really, really dope. Y'all, you Shout out to the exclusives that the producers, they did the whole album, right? Yeah. And and they, and they really did extensive research on each of us before they went in and produced the records. Like they knew about our situations, they knew about me being newly married. They knew about some of the things they went through personally. Yeah. And so they really worked hard to incorporate it into the record to make it personal and make it, you know, make it Congratulations. You're newly married. Oh you are? Three years. Oh, okay. All right. What At the time we did it, I was, I was only one, one a year and a half in little bit.


I dunno, I think three, I just hit three years. But I think that's still kind of newly. It is good, but, But congratulations. Okay. I like what you said about the in or out thing. 'cause I feel like anything that you care about and have cared about for a long time, you can always go in and out of, I don't wanna say love, but just in and out of a feeling. Yeah. That you have for it. Like sometimes it feels very intense, sometimes it's like eh, yeah. You know, nah for sure Emini here for sure. There's a lot of things in life like Yeah, I was about to say that. And there's a lot of things like that in life. Just period, you know what I'm saying? You just gotta be, you know, you just gotta, you just gotta be strong enough to kind of, you know, 10 toes down and stick through it. I'm sure y'all feel like that as a group a million times.


Absolutely. Now for sure. We, we are prime Example of it, we fight, we fuss, we cuss, we, we do it all. But, and We don't even be, we don't, we not even around each other on an everyday basis to be able to build that, you know, chemistry that most groups have when they from the same place like one 12 and like Boys to Men and people like that, when they able to build that grind, they all from one place they able to see each other every time they want. We all live in five different places across the United States. We even to just get a rehearsal for a show, take take flights, Hotel rehearsal, everything In The World just to have a rehearsal for a show. You know? So like, and we've been fighting through that by ourself this whole time y'all Group. So everything's super duper expensive. Every damn Comes to somebody. So it expensive ly. I wanted to know when Diddy, no entourage just too big by the way.


I just wanna say that man. It's huge. But if everybody comes to one person, Tim, You know what Emini here, I wanted to know when Diddy said r and b was dead back then a couple of years ago and he had, y'all was signed to him. How did y'all, how did that make y'all feel? Because y'all is r Video I Don Dunno Assigned to him. What he said it That was signed to him. But Emini here Signed to Bad Boy one time. Emini Here man. I feel like people like that Emini here, especially with, with him having like a huge like platform platform and then having a huge part in putting us together. Obviously it's almost like I don't want nobody else to love you if I can't have you type, type situation.


So I want everybody like, it's Crazy, crazy. Look at crazy analogy, look at you like, like this crazy analogy to you the time like, you know what man, you know what you meant we on I don want nobody, nobody else. You, I can't happen. I don't think it really, I don't think it really affected us like that. 'cause I've heard Diddy say himself like, I work with everybody from one 12 to DA And I've heard everybody from Jodeci. Yeah, that's What's he was Assigned to him. He was basically like day 26 is the best group I've ever in my life worked with vocally. So I've heard him, we've heard him say those things as well. So we were working with him At the time. Did you believe him when he said that? I think when he said that, I believe he knows that we are, I believe what he said too. And I, And I believe he really believed that.


He knows. That's why I don't think he would care if we, we weren't who if we didn't weren't capable of doing, He said y'all are better vocally than Joie. He did. That's what he said. I didn't say that. I'm just saying that. Yeah, He's a liar. I like y'all but no jab that true here bro is great man. And I, that's my favorite. So I'm not gonna say okay, I can see that if you saying it like that, that Casey and Jojo the lead singer and then when one 12 is usually slim what all of y'all can sing. But let me, but let's just be honest though. Some people do skate off of sex appeal when in in in them good hits though. Like I'm not, I'm not sitting here discrediting judic like yeah we know them for them hits, you know?


Yeah. They, this group better. But then you got vocalists like motherfuckers that can like sing acapella and make you feel the same way. Yeah. Yeah. That's why it's the big fusA move defense Jonas see your voice to men because they both embody the two Different sides. You know? It is both of 'em a vibe, two things two at the same time. Both of y'all vibe. But it's like vocally, like if you can hear somebody saying acapella and make you get that, that feeling of jodeci when you, you look so like, but then you need the beat. You need everything with that. Yeah. It's like a vibe. I I Really feel vocally they are a strong group. Thank Thank you much. All of y'all sing. Appreciate it. I appreciate it. Can we, I guess, no, I think about, so what you said is true. It's like Casey and Jojo were the singers, but all five of y'all can can sing.


Yeah, I get it. So what happened To the Bad Boy deal then? What? So, 'cause you were still, like you said, still having number one records and everything. So why did it just, so Diddy went through some stuff, I guess with, with Atlantic. With Atlantic Atlantic. And we were joint venture between Atlantic and Bad Boy and whatever they went through at the time Atlantic took us from Bad Boy. Okay, so Atlantic kept y'all in. Yeah, exactly. Deal. We Weren't able to move forward whatever that situation was with Bad Boy. 'cause we was, we had to stay with Atlantic. And when y'all went with Atlantic, did they believe like they should have or we Were working? They believed and we worked and then Brian decided to, you know, do some things that made us lose the situation Because like, they like to look, I'm gonna tell y'all something, we like To tell the truth.


Nah, y'all like to Fabricate a whole lot, man. I'm gonna be real with y'all man. Like look, Brian is the bad guy and I'm cool with that. You know what I'm saying? If stuff ain't right to me, man, I'm gonna point it out and I'm gonna point it out And I'm gonna point it out and if, if nothing is being done about it, then I'm just gonna remove myself from that situation. So what happened, Brian And I had to step away 'cause it just wasn't what wasn't right. This wasn't right. Just, you know, just some, some business Wasn't me. Well you should have warned the crew bro. So you tour No, that's not, that's not necessarily true. I I did not leave. We was on a radio promo. Hold On. No, no, no, no. See y'all, y'all said time to talk clear record. Okay. Allow me to talk. Okay.


No, basically man. Like I wasn't exactly pleased with the management at the time And I just sent a letter of direction to the company, our record company at the time. And This was Atlantic. Okay. I I I ain't wanna Go ahead man. Finish The door basically. Anyways, I basically like let them know, hey, I had new management. So if there's any business as far as day 26 is concerned, please direct any business as far as Brian is concerned to this person, which is Michael Mu swings. And I don't know what happened after that. From my understanding, I seen you as a new artist, solo artist on a one records. That's what I saw. No, no, no. I a solo brown.


No, No, no, no. I had gotten a solo deal with, with at the time E one but I wasn't, I wasn't, I was still gonna be a member of the group. I just got a deal as a, as a solo artist. There's nothing wrong with that. Brian, did you tell the rest of the group? No. Did you tell the label that? No. Did you just not show up? We knew I was working. We didn't know that we found that out. Say when the tour was over Jesus Radio. I tell you see the thing is, See Q had already left the group. So we had went down to four by the time we was with Atlantic. So it was already four of us. I just wanted different, he already Did something different. So they wasn't finna go through it again with him doing it. He was pulling the same exact thing. He pulled like the same letter, everything. He wrote it in county.


But he told Q tell y'all I ain't fucking with y'all. No. Was very transparent trans, He started tripping. Yeah. Out the gate. Different, different vehicles and everything. Yes. It was just because I wasn't messing with Management. Exactly. See the same thing. Same thing. I got my own management. So nothing against the group. Yeah, This is why did, should have never told y y'all was better than Joe. This Y'all Got a promo tour, y'all doing Radio tour. He just don't show up. We, we dropped, we had dropped the record made Love Lately, which is our first single without Q. We was in the video all, you know, getting busy and everything. We was getting ready to go on our radio promo radio. Radio promo tour. It was number one most added the time before you Hold on. Before you Continue lemme finish. Okay go ahead. And then like, I think we supposed to, we supposed to leave on like that Monday to start in Detroit?


No, In Ohio. Okay. Columbus, Ohio. Boom. He got it. Damn. They remember. Yeah because it was real. I had my backpack. That's how I'm like, hey my backpack. And they like, yeah y'all, y'all you sitting down? Yeah Lanny just dropped. Y'all Just like that. I'm gonna tell you why. Damn Brian. Yeah You know I'm gonna tell you why somebody gotta be be the bad guy always. I'm gonna tell you exactly why Atlantic ended up signing TGT and it was a situation where two groups are the same Emini here, the Emini here, they're pretty much the same type of group. Not really. No, not at all man. It was all you catalog, it was all you Brian. It was nothing about T Tyre.


There's a lot of folks Equivalencies Happening in this room today. Hey Man, at this is a minute. At the time we, you was going through some things and you, you did Some things. No, I wanted different management. There's nothing Wrong with it. We're blessed. The wonderful name of the Lord With That. No, no this was like what May love what 2011 I think. 1111. Yeah. But that's what happens when it's a group like you feel me? 'cause you can't make decisions 'cause you're making decisions for yourself. But the whole time it's four other people with a you for and to take an account. And when they bring somebody like a TGT in, they gonna say, all right we giving all, especially back then we gonna give all our resources. That's exactly these more established artists Who have made it individually. That's right.


They come together for a Group and that's exactly what happened. But obviously they weren't put it off on me. So you know what guys, I'll take that you know Bow. So Who called Brian after? 'cause I know one of y'all caught him. Like My nigga, we Didn't talk for A long talk to him. Long, long time. So how did y'all Talk? I was, that was our, at the time that was everything. Our bag. He was back in after we thought the label wasn't paying attention. We done went to Atlanta and recorded this bomb album. Lemme tell you this, we were just ready to kick the door in in a way that wasn't for Making the Band, you know, for people can take us serious. Fight, fight Brian that we were finally in that position. Fight Brian. Don't let them. Do you like this, this? No, don't let them do like I don physic Emini here. Emini here. Fight for your fight for your credibility. Right? I tell you this, why would I shoot a music video? Why would I go to 1 0 6 and park and premiere the, the, the, the video with guys and everything and not plan on being a member of, Because you didn't know what your actions was going to lead To bro.


He just did something. So Basically I'm supposed to just sit around Question. Intentional. You didn't mean to do it. What Happened? I just wanted my business handled bro. There we go. Call squad bro. Are you the youngest? You the baby Eldest? Are you the what nigga? The Oldest. Oh, why did you leave? What was what? Why did I leave? Why did you leave initially? Well if you watch Making the Band for like the last season you saw that I was like tripping about management. I remember that the business. So that's why when we went to Atlantic I was like, oh he's still involved. No. Who? The manager at the time.


Okay. Who was the manager? I don't remember his name. Yeah, now you wanna be the oldest. So how so when I get into your business, how did y'all eat during that time? I know you dumped a little of hip hop 'cause you was like the bags was there. This was out. This was my life. Yeah. So how did y'all eat from that? You just get dropped. Brian's noting with y'all. Y'all not talking to him. So how did y'all eat? 'cause y'all are group God Emini here God is good because, and we had a lot of exposure at that point where we could do, we could find money in the same industry doing everything. Like for instance, even still now, I work for the Board of Education in New York for black New York, black arts. I do off, off broad off Broadway for the all the, the schools in dope.


That's dope. Yeah. In in the area that you know, children can't pay all those money for Broadway tickets. So we bring Broadway to the schools and stuff like that. So I got into, I got involved in that more that end of things and still, you know, producing and writing for people. People always, once they see you on TV doing your music thing, people always gonna come and you know, you always gonna be able to have a bag if you know how to work your work your craft. Yeah. What about you? You during that time Nigga Mike? Oh of not being with the group. Yep. There you guy. Yo Up Michael. What's up McDonald? Oh yeah. Yep. To be honest, it was a very hard time for me. They just kicked you out the group By was just talking shit about kicked you out the My bad. Nah, it was a very hard time for me. This is a time where I went through mental health.


Yeah. And I'm healed now. But that's, I went through so much of not being in a group and some other stuff too. It's just was a time of of kind of like me trying to recover. Did you go to therapy? Yes. Good job. My brother. Yeah. Still do. Me too. Yeah, absolutely. I, I wanted to ask Robert, because you said something earlier, you said that Diddy didn't really know what he was doing, which is shocking 'cause you know, of all the success he's had with r and b groups, like before y'all it was the ies, it was the one 12. What? What'd you mean when he said you didn't know what he was doing? Well I just think it was more, I think it was more divine. I think God had more to do with it. I believe he knows good talent. He know how to put it together. I just don't think he thought he was putting together this, that five well Emini here that all these years later, whether he's involved or not, no matter how much we've been kicked down or that we still gonna overcome, you know, from these five different places in the, in The World that already put a big wedge between us to be able to be successful, be able to get rehearsals in and stuff like that.


So I just don't think he really knew. I don't think he was really in control. That's just my spiritual opinion. Right. You know, I think that, you know What? I hate you guys. I hate a passionate person that doesn't have a good work ethic. And I think we're all passionate and have great work ethic And I think that keep us together too. Yeah. Comedy. Do you think Didi don't have a good ethic? Is that what you're saying? Or no, I say I think he meant as far as other groups and people that can't keep it together and things like that. Artists got you. Sometimes they have the passion but they don't know how to put the work in behind it. You know, they don't want to get up early in the morning or I don't know. They just don't wanna put the work in behind it. Well what did y'all learn from Bad Boy in those days that y'all are still able to apply to now? Man, there's always somebody trying to take your Spot.


Always somebody trying to take your spot. I'll never forget that. Ever. Always remember that somebody always trying to take your spot while You sleep Somebody up. Why you somebody else is working harder. You know what I'm saying? So like I think that's a, that plays a huge part in us still being a group as well. The sad thing is, is what you said something earlier that because it was a reality show and TV show, I don't think people took y'all as serious as they should have. Right, exactly. And I think we did that with everybody. I think we did that with Deity Kane. I think we did that with the making of the band crew with Lon Down Down. Even even on the crossover Reen Stud and, and Fantasia Fantasia's kind of the only one that we really accepted to. But Ruben, I don't, we Loved him. I disagree with that. But after he Came, I disagree with that.


Ruben, his new album, I just heard his new album, like he's working on a new album now is phenomenal. The Reason I disagree with what the analogy he's making because they didn't make people on American Idol do the things that they made y'all do. Like American Idol was always treated as these, this is gonna be the next superstar. Like this is gonna be America's Next Top superstar. They didn't have him walking to Brooklyn. Yeah. It was kind almost Like a degrading type thing. It was, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, And at the time it is crazy because at the time you don't see it that way. You don't Emini here. You just in the fight and you like, you know, the competitive nature and you is like, nah, I'm just finna win. You know what Emini here, no matter what it is, you know, I think it Make you, when you competing and make it like that too, like when you're competing against somebody else, it's not really thinking about what you're doing, it's just thinking about beating the next this guy, You know what Emini here what I'm saying, whatever it is, he ain't gonna beat me.


Shit. It was like that For the first album too when the group was picked. Y'all still in competition Mode. Not me. If if when, when Brian left the group, did y'all, did they, well you didn't even have the option, but did you think about replacing them? No, we know our fans wouldn't have that. Yeah, that's what we felt. We just felt like with them watching us grow on TV and come together, it'd just been hard to be like, yeah and here's this new guy. Yeah, He ain't getting no cheesecake. I feel like that's what they gonna, And we watched a lot of other groups try that and it failed. So, but No addition did great with it when they put Johnny in. Yeah. But That's Johnny Gi Gi And somebody, they didn't lose nobody to add him. They just added an addition to, they didn't like get rid of one of, We watched a lot of other like de Yeah.


Yeah. That worked for Only two groups. But the Differences goes back to the point like all of y'all are vocalists. You can do that in Destiny's Child. 'cause no disrespect though. You know, they, they weren't Latoya Luck could sing but Latoya could sing. Yeah, I can. But they weren't, they weren't considered the lead singers of the game. You know what, Emini here. Right, right, right. Yeah. Mike, what was your take when Brian left? Because everybody's saying it was completely Brian Falk that they got dropped from Atlantic. Oh yeah. When he left here it was it was it was his fault. Damn was his fault. It's unanimous. Yeah, it was him Was somebody always gotta be the bad. That's all good man. In this time period.


That's okay. That was you. That's okay. I I, I'll, I'll accept that. So I Was gonna ask who was the biggest, you know, diva of the group back in the day, but I think we've got that answer. No, No, definitely not me. Wasn't you? No. What is, what is, what is the definition of of of that diva Of Diva Late? Oh Boujee. I'm never late. Never bougie. I gotta stay at a five star. Gotta a fly first class. Oh whoa. That type of person. Who you looking at? Who you looking at? Brian? Who, who was that person I don I was trying to see at that time. I don't know. I don't think we had that look. Day 26 new album Day ones available right now. I don ain't available right now y'all. Yeah. I'm Just put it, I do want to talk to y'all about when I, I know when the Bad Boy reunion tour happened.


Y'all weren't there, but then y'all did y'all y'all own thing. Did they even invite y'all? Yeah We did. Yep. Yes we did. They didn't invite you Brian Brian before we, we got invited


Piece of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music are getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day. Prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out at Adventure Ready RAV4. Designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Did you know that there's a victim of identity theft every three seconds? It's Identity Theft Awareness Week, which means it's the perfect time to protect your identity with LifeLock. Lots of places like doctor's offices and retailers can accidentally expose your personal info, leaving you open to identity threats. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second and alerts you to more uses of your personal information. And if you do become a victim of identity theft, LifeLock has professional restoration specialists with the experience and know-how to fix identity theft issues guaranteed. Or your money back. Plus plans include the million dollar protection package with up to $3 million in coverage for the most comprehensive plan. Protect yourself this Identity Theft Awareness week and every week of the year with LifeLock. Save up to 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/iheart. That's lifelock.com/iheart to save up to 40% terms. Apply LifeLock for the threats you can't control.


Hey Brian. Brian would own the radio and said something to Puff and then what you said to Puff Man. I just basically was like, yo, like I just find it kind of weird that you got all this baby oil. I don know anything about that but I just said back to back pause like I absolutely know nothing about that. I just felt like it was weird that like, yo, you, you got a whole Bad Boy tour come like going on. Like it wasn't like in the beginning stages or talks or anything like that. Nobody reached out to us before to anything the tour was on. So nobody reached out to us.


And I felt that it was kind of weird because like, yo like oh they reached out. I felt like we played a huge part. Yeah and you know Emini here, especially in like the, you know the, so all it was but he Didn't know, reached Out to Communication Ruin the Nation. Okay, hold on, lemme get at, he Didn't know Transparency brother that Puff Had. He had us on like certain dates so like all the major markets he want us to come in and fill in on those. But then once he was putting it together, 'cause we was doing like the big autograph signing and things and sending that in for the, the merch and once like a week later Brian did an interview and saying, you know, we need to be on there And I don't why we're not on there. And then he was like off.


Yeah. He was like, who the I'm Har Pier called me personally and was like, he's always not there man. Her Pierre called me personally. He was like, Hey man, tell your boy Brian to shut, shut F up. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm like, well he's like, we already got you on tour but Puff don't wanna put y'all on there no more. 'cause he heard him 'cause he heard what he said or whatever like that man And I to shut up Man. Hello To the back guy. I don't understand why I don't understand the miscommunication though. That's whats a conversation About This right now. Now he said all that. Right? That's my first time hearing about all that. No. What? No, it's not bro. I did not. You see what I'm saying? Like y'all, y'all always want, okay, cool. You got the best accountability partners around You.


We definitely said this Before, No, after after the fact. But I'm saying before nobody knew about any of this, any of this. Right? You saying speaking you didnt know the club. There was no communication, there was no transparency. Which is why you Made the state. I wouldn't, I would Do you think it would've happened had I known all this information? Right. Like that's why I'm saying like communication is key to everything. Every relationship, every business, every everything. Communication is key to everything. And there was no communication being brought to Brian. So if somebody knew in a group and withheld information, nobody tell you. That's a I Didn't know that was management. Yeah. Oh, okay. Management knew. But Y'all's brothers though, forget the management at all. No, no.


Management told us not To tell Brian. I don understand how got left outta that. I Don either, but Because again, this was weeks of him telling us this and we were in the process. Like we were in the last phase of like doing the autograph signing to be a part of the tour. So I don't understand how he slipped through the cracks and everybody else didn't. So, but he management communicate to everybody else. Communication. Right? Every, every executive at Bad Boy is lying. If they act like that band era of Bad Boy didn't matter, right? Gener all of, we grew up on it from the band to Danity came to day 26.


It saved Puff during that time. Right? Physically That's what I, that's what I felt. Hundred percent Emini here. Like, so I like even with that era being watched, even from that tour was like, oh what you doing? Like it kind of put us back in a mentally to think like, okay, cool. We already knew he was coming from a television show, but he even kinda stamped that more for us at that moment. Like, damn bro, you really thought it of it just like a TV show and the rest of this music shit is what you're doing. But you know, we you just trying to erase what we, what we brought, you know? And so that's why it's really strong that we still here, you know, because it's, it's without no extras, you know, it's because we really passionate about what we doing. It's because we really believe and it's because the fans really receive us and they, and they come out. Other than that makes Sense. We've been, we've been, they've been, people been trying to stop us too. Oh yeah, yeah.


We had some roadblocks along the way, like some big opportunities that kind of just like kind of fell through and we don't know why, you know, so we still Fighting Deals, still fighting those kind of, that kind of adversity too. You know what I'm saying? Like what Robert Emini here deals I, I'm weren't really, I don't know if I should really Emini here, but basically, basically deals that, that we had that, you know, that we big deals know that we, That we would actually end that, You know, just magically. Yeah, Like labels, endorsements, Emini here, paperwork man. Like real, real Contracts already signed and everything and paperwork After, after The Bad Boy, after Atlantic we had more opportunities because people saw it and they believed like, yo, y'all ain't got a deal. So we started having so many conversations. We had situations, we was, we had a situation, we was actually signed to another major and as we did like a press release to let The World know the next day, three, Four hours, let the day We ain't have a deal no more.


And we already own contract. Damn. What label was that? I don't remember That. Emini here we Emini here. We we can't speak on it right Now. Shut down. Look that up Lauren. Do y'all feel that everything's happening? What happening with Puff right now is Karma for, for some of the stuff he did. I don't know. Emini here. I don't Know. Emini here. I don God don't play about me man. So Emini here. Emini here. I don't know, it's a lot of things that he's done Emini Here And I don't know what he really did and didn't do. So I don know. I do gotta ask the question though. Earlier today we heard a guy say that Diddy liked to record in the shower like in his bathroom he set up equipment. Have y'all ever, why have y'all ever recorded in the shower in the bathroom? No. Hell to the no. And I have no, I don think That's crazy.


I ain gonna lie man. I don't know. I don't know about half of the stuff they said out here bro. I ain't never experienced it myself because I feel like yeah, as a grown ass man, some of the stuff you just shouldn't experience anyway. And I'm a grown man. If it is only so much so far you can push influence or pushed me or push me in a direction. I don't wanna go follow Me in the bathroom. I'm about to shoot And everything they said, they set up all the equipment And I think he making this up the new Diddy doc on the new guy Rock. I I Seen it. Oh you seen it right? The shower. What did he say happened in the shower? I, I don now you watched it but you only dunno.


I watched it with what he said. I don't remember. I did just watch the new what you talking about with Sarah Stokes and all 'em on there. That one One's the one Id, ID channel the ID channel Emini here. It just came out a week ago, like 10 of them. But The one that just came out a couple nights ago on id. Oh that one that just came out. Wow. Yeah, but he said he recorded and did he want it to record in the the shower? 'cause he said he got, it was a vibe in the shower. That's what he said. Real Being creative. I'm gonna be honest. Recording music. Oh, Emini here. I don something. I just wanna say to be very transparent with y'all, like I've been through so much trauma with this guy man and the whole situation And I just wanna say I think he needs a lot of prayer and he needs mental health.


Like the things that that we can relate to, you know? Absolutely. I think that's what's gonna save him or help him. Nothing else. I don't think we should talk about him. I don't think we should make fun of him. It's like real. That's A lot of the stuff is funny though. It is funny. I agree with you. I'm with you a hundred percent. But it is to Jeff's point, it is a lot of comedy. A joke is a joke. There's also a lot of trauma there. Sometimes That's all you can really do Emini here just laugh at it. Just, just not all of it. We all them thousands of bottles Of baby oil. It Is funny but you know what is cute? Like a lot of times man, you see people, a lot of times when we talk about people's trauma it makes it feel like we're making excuses for him.


But it really is right? Yeah. That really probably is the root of all of this shit, man. You know, like hurt people hurt people man. Yeah, yeah. We go yeah, for sure we Go. But no, you, you definitely on something like, you know, just praying for him. 'cause obviously the latest documentary, which is why we was asking y'all about it, it actually dives into his childhood and how he may have gotten to the state of where he is or where he was. Nah, I seen that the make it of a Bad Boy. That's What something like, yeah, I seen my man known. Yeah, that's what, yeah, that's what I'm saying. And They got show like, you know, his past with his mom and how things that he was previewed to at such a young age and how it, yeah. How it may have a lot to do with how he This Conversation. But if you don't mind me asking q you don't gotta answer.


How did he, how did he traumatize you personally? I Can't talk about it right now. Gotcha, gotcha. But you'll find out soon. Oh right, okay. Okay. But the reason I say I do like these conversations is there's a lot of young people that's trying to get into the industry and a lot of times if we don't tell these stories whether, you know, people are gonna joke, it is regardless. But a lot of times if we don't tell these stories, people don't see it. Right? Yeah. Because from the outside, you know, we see Diddy on television a lot and a lot of it it seems for tv, but you guys have been traumatized by it. Yeah. And you know, and his other members have been traumatized. So If We don't, a lot of times we don't tell those stories. The next generation of artists that's coming up have no idea. You Just Say, man, it's why I got so much respect for the new, the new generation of artists because they found a way to not need labels and do these things that become famous on their own technology.


So right now, bro, I I I guarantee you nobody can get on TV and doing, Making the Band 'cause these little kids will whoop your ass. You get on there, tell 'em to, to go get some cheesecake or talking to them the way Diddy was talking to us and stuff like that. I'm not taking nothing away from ourselves. We just had respect for our, it was different era. These kids ain't letting that happen. And to the, and to the point of what Envy was saying, like, yeah, it, it is good to tell these stories. I understand it's hard for you to tell yours right now. Yeah. But it is, it is good to tell 'em because what did you say? You said you came from Germany when you got to the states that was the, that you wanted to be signed with Bad Boy. Yeah. Because you, you didn't know about all that other stuff. Yeah. All you knew was this guy, he made this person hot, this person, he produced this record and he had biggie and he had all these, you know what I'm saying?


To was the Bad Boy. Right. You know what I saying? So That's also why these things are important. Very important. Like it is. Yeah. And is it hard? Right. Like, you know, Pause what you talking about. Is it hard and cut It out. Say you had, you had trauma from that dude way before any of these allegations, right? So when you gotta do interviews and you know these questions are gonna come up, does it trigger Yeah. Things Honest. Reserve that first. To be honest. And it used to, in my documents that I have for my mental health, I have his, his name mentioned in there. But it used to traumatize me a lot to where everybody thought something was really wrong with me.


Yeah. And stuff. But I just don't blame him. I blame people around him too, because they ain't innocent either. So it's a, it's a lot, man. That's The thing. Like you say, enablers, people around him who are, you know, whatever, whatever happened, we don't know. 'cause he's, he's not found guilty or anything like that. But the people around him that's allowing it to happen, a lot of times those people are just as guilty. You know, Emini, here They Are. I've seen something and never said something. Say something. Now I seen it. Well how come you didn't say it then? You could, could've saved that person or you could help that person. So when we see things like that, that's why I always feel like it's good to talk about things where people understand. 'cause a lot of people don't understand the industry. They just see the gold and the glisten, the cars, the mansions, the jewelry, the clothes. They'd be like, this is what I want.


Right. But a lot of times they don't know how that happened, you know? Yeah. So when you hear the Aubrey days and the, you know, the D Woods talking, how did that make y'all feel? Emini here for me, I just seen And I, I really didn't know, you know what I'm saying? And for us to be so close with them, for us to be so close with them and experience so much with them. Yeah. To not know that they was experiencing those kind of things. That kind of, that was weird to me. 'cause I had, I literally never heard nothing like that about any of them. While we were there. Now we experienced some of the stuff with him, you know, firing them and all of that stuff. Yeah. But as far as like, you know, the stuff that Don, that d Woods and them was talking about like body shaming and, and the other things like, oh, I seen all that with Sarah talk with Sarah Stoke talking about Sarah Stoke.


Everybody, it was too big. Everybody was Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Everybody. But it was further, it was further than that. Like she went, like Sarah Stokes was talking about how he touched her inappropriately and those kind of things like that. I never really experienced those And I never seen them act that kind of way. But that could be they mask or they shield. I'm not saying they did, but I'm just saying as they brothers, they never, they never disclosed those kind of things with us. And the sad thing when men, But y'all knew Y brother was going through something though. No. At Not at that time. At that time. That time When, when he ended up coming back to the group, that's when we started to understand things was different. Yeah. And, and seeing a different walk and understand The World. When I Left the group, I went to sing Background for Dirty Money. Right. He was on stage with them on the news. That time I was like, I was looking at the news like, why is my group member singing backgrounds?


I was like, Yeah. So he stuck around a little bit longer inside of that, that, that formula versus us leaving and doing the Atlantic thing and trying to figure that out. So when he got back, we did notice different things or whatever. But yeah. Emini here, he's a lot better right now. Yeah, sure. Things Are changing. I'm glad you're a lot better Cube. I was gonna say, things are changing. 'cause when men deal with things, it's usually funny at first. Right. No matter what it is. Like, you know, I'm, I'm not putting your stuff out there, but Charlemagne talks about a time when he was a kid that something happened to him and the first reaction when he tells that story, People laugh, believe that Story about you. And I couldn't believe when Clue first taught you how to dj. I laugh about that too. There's nothing There.


He Said when first talking about the dj, he was standing at the bus stop sucking on a lollipop Up in a nice car. And he was like, damn, that's a nice car. The stick. And When you was little and you was Around your sisters in the room And all that. Oh yeah. And, and a new edition popped up on the TV and showed me, he was like, Michael Bivins, that nigga cute. And your father snatch as boy. What you talking about? And he cute. The picture of you sitting on, on Wendy Williams lap Teaching you how to dj 'cause he came up behind you. See, Now This is a good segue to ask all about freak offs.


You ever been to any? Hell No. No sir. No. Okay. No sir. No. I'm gonna be honest, man. Yeah, no, Never. Nah, Uhuh, nah. The, I think the only time, the only time we, we, I sat the door to a couple but never walked on. Only time. We were blessed to be warned about a lot of this stuff before we at, before we were ever an opportunity off camera to be involved in it. Wow. So we already knew what not to do. Where, you know, whatever the case may be, I don't know what was exactly going on in those things, but we were definitely warned not not to Go. And I also, I think a lot of people On the game. Oh man. Just a little birdie from the show, Right. From Bad Boy, just To show a couple of actors told us around A dancer.


Wow. It was probably to it, It was like, Hey man, stay away from the red door Soon as to stay away from the red door. So that's kind of a big thing. Yeah. And I would not wanna go through what y'all went through, bro. Not at all. Like who gave Y'all the name? Day 26. Who was that? We did. We did. We did we. Okay. So Y'all okay. I thought that was like Debbie saying like, man, y'all did, No, he tried to take it from us. The day we came up with it, he tried to take it from us and change it to 26 day. And we like, nah, we 26 day. Okay. August 20. Oh no. The name came from us being selected on August 26th. So we just took that through the years, you know. Yeah. We heard, we were like, okay. Yeah. It didn't age well at some point. 'cause people were like, yo's amazing. It does great now. But I'm saying at some point we had people like, yeah, you been around for 26 days.


You know, we played into it a little bit, but at the same time it came from August 26th. Or Was somebody missing? They be like, are Y'all day 23, 3? Nah, got The day. That changed our lives. Like it is a day that we'll always remember. Was It a blessing or a curse Though? It was a blessing. A blessing. Honestly, man. Nah man. Blessing. I, I I, I won't even put, put nothing like negative on this man. Like, because Emini here, God's still, he's, he, he's still working on this. It was, It was a lot of blessing here because like, you know, a a lot of, you know, we a lot of money with the blood baby. A lot of money, you know. But at the same time, we still got our passion. We still got our voices, we still got our fans. We still got our, our our to do for our families. We, we are here, we, we are making a statement.


So all those things still matter. You know what, Emini here. So that's why I would say throughout all the curses that could have been throughout the years, we ended in a blessing. For sure. And my last question. Okay. So y'all got this album out now, will y'all be touring? Absolutely. Will, will it be a tour? Okay. And does, did he recoup anything from y'all? Y'all are no more not tied this man at all. Did did we talk About like our publishing? Well he still got our publishing from my, from those album. I thought he gave, he gave it back. He didn't give us anything. We didn't sign. He got on there. So he, he Gave offer us Sold. Didn't. And he Can give it to us now, you know, you know, make the calls, whatever. But we do all The other money that he sold. How much you think Owe right now? His kids got all that money on our publishing.


It say his kid name and his mama. No. Yeah. Every time I see a money I be like, man, these Amen. Lord. So the, so the public Isn't his kids and mama. But for that time when he said I was giving all my artists back that publishing, We wouldn't One, he sat Right here and said it. We did. He said that he Gave everybody back. Yeah, he probably did some. But then I, I was talking to Aubrey during the time and she was telling me a lot of things. I guess she had got offered this situation and she was saying how it wasn't worth it anyway. She, She had to sign, she had to sign something. She got got $33. Yeah.


We doing all these documentaries. Yeah, that's what I'm saying too. So how much you think is owed Outta everything? 'cause I know y'all, you guys figured it out with accountants and all that. How much You think is, you know what the thing is with two number, even off the show alone, they made Millions Of dollars. Yeah. It had to be like, you know, 70 to a hundred. It was, it was just, it was a lot of money. We just Emini here. I don't know the exact number. No be 15 million. Yeah. We just, it is Damn. 15 million. Yeah, well That's what, that's what they told us. No, 15 they 26. Yeah. The first album we got, we got, We got first album After Dime. That's, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. I was about say what you talking about. I think, yeah, I get what you saying and no, that's not correct. They made 14 million. That's what I'm talking made 14.


I did would say gonna fool my attorney. Diddy would say we spent so much money on them, we put so much into them or we didn't recoup back what we put in. But I would disagree because our situation was tied with MTV that was paying for so much stuff in for the, on their end anyway. Like that, that's, that took so much cost off a Bad Boy and Atlantic. That didn't make no sense. So that makes no sense at all. That didn't have No, They wasn't spending no money. As a matter of fact they was getting, they budget from having us own Bad Boy. They, they the sub label, you know what I'm saying? So that's impossible for that to even be business wise. Y'all know, business, they don't go like So you Think so many people had their hand in the pot? That that's probably why Y all couldn't get no money. That's right. MTV Bad Boy was no Interscope or Atlantic. Atlantic. Atlantic. Like Everybody, the writers, the, like everybody that signed up, like they got They all rich right now.


Yeah. He might have owed somebody to favor something. They, they got theirs out of, you know, whatever it was. But we knew what we was signing into. Well at least I did. We had to sign. So what did he Change the publishing? 'cause it wasn't in his kid's name at First, right? No, it was always, that was from the jump. From the jump. It was in The, From the, so he already knew which Emini here. God, I get it. He a father and he got kids because, but at the same time, Don't erase my dad. I'm a father And I got blind. Exactly. And that's what it comes down to because I'm a father And I got kids in and, and now we want to know, be able to do for our children the same way. You know what Emini here. Yeah. So gimme my money. That's all I care about with the whole Diddy thing. Man. I just want my money bro. I just want my money. I want what I'm worth. The albums that we sold And I the way I should be living And I don't want to see your kids rolling around in car better than mine.


That Emini here. That's off of my music, off of my stuff. You know what I'm saying? That's just weird. How do you even have that conversation to justify that with somebody? Yeah. From just, you Know, you coming a whole different way. Niggas Yeah. Nigga from Germany. Don't me Like that. So Day ones, he gets nothing from day one. Not at all. Wes available right now. All streaming platform. That's right. Aint shout Tamir and the Exclusives man, they put this album together. Amirs, that's my cousin. He Back there. And I think the biggest thing about this album, it's the first album we was able to do with just one writer, one producer, you know, Emini here. That whole type of nucleus with just us, you know, it's all other albums always had different producers, you know, different writers including us. But this right here was just one body of work, you know, one producer.


Yeah. That whole type of feel. Yeah. And Emini here, it's real RBI think everybody will enjoy it. Yes. People have called it a classic, you know, so I'm hoping that everybody, you know, go check it out. Is the, is the, this is my last question is, is the industry really worth your peace of mind? And if you could do it all over again, would you have taken the route y'all took? I would say it's not the industry, it's the people in the industry man. So I love the industry and the work that it's provided. Making my dreams come true. Making me join with the group and the experience. All that's great. But it's some wicked people out here man. And that's everywhere in life bro. When you're Talented, they would try and they would try to come in and just distract you and destroy whatever it is that God has for your purpose man.


And you just gotta watch out for them people and don't compromise Shit. Alright, well definitely support Day 26. I know y'all gotta show in New York. Absolutely man. Sobs tomorrow first show is sold out. It's tonight Emini here tonight. First show is sold out. You know what I'm saying? Second show is almost there, so get your tickets right. It's only a few left. We selling merch, you know what I'm saying? The day 26 merch, y'all see that? We established hoodies, we got hats, we got crop tops, we got crop hoodies, we got sweats, we got all socks. What else we got? Shout out to Mark and Aaron. Varsity jacket. Yeah, we got varsity jackets as well. You know what I'm saying? Y'all see the quality's amazing. You know what Emini here, that's amazing.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Good. I'm just happy to see y'all working, man. Appreciate is good. Yeah. We appreciate y'all for joining us. Let's get into a record, which y'all wanna hear over you. New single over you. Yeah, off our new album. Let's get it on right now. It's The Breakfast Club. It's day 26. Wake That ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Chba Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play experience social game play like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the jumbo life at jumbo Casino dot com. VDW. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions


Calling all Yellowstone fans. Let's Go to work. Join Bobby Bones on the official Yellowstone podcast for exclusive cast interviews behind the scenes insights and a deep dive into the themes that have made Yellowstone a cultural phenomenon. Our Family legacy news, this ranch And I protector of my life. Listen to the official Yellowstone podcast now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.