
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got some special guest in the building. That's right. We got Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson. Welcome fellas. What's up family man, how y'all feeling? Good. Good. Tired but good. Tired But Good. Collectively known as the All The Smoke podcast. That right? All their new coffee table book is out right now. All The. Smoke Man You know, I always say like, I know that there's a lot of athletes who do podcasts and stuff now. I don't know anybody before y'all. I feel like y'all started that whole wave. So to see y'all be the first with a, with a, with a coffee table book, man, that makes so much sense to me, Man.


It's been a blessing. It's been a journey. I mean, our five year anniversary is tomorrow. Wow. If you would've told me like five years later we'd have a coffee table book, a whole production company and people working underneath us. I would've been like, you're full of shit. I didn't even know what a podcast was at the time. So You know, we are blessed to come together and, and and, and find lightning in a bottle. And thankful for the opportunities. And obviously being able to partner with you and your, your, your company and, and be able to get this done was dope. How did this Happen? A lot of people don't know that, bro. Shout out to you. A lot of our success You know a lot of stuff that we have going on. You brought our way and, and you thought about us even with Black Effects. So we appreciate you. Sure. A lot people don't know that. So we gotta give your props too. All love 'em, my brothers. How, how did this come about though? This, this, this for a podcast like I know y'all was partners together, homie. What?


We I think we, I I think Jack retired maybe one or two years before me. And we both got out and we were doing ES ESP n and Fox and getting positive feedback and people said we needed to do something together. And we were at my house in the bay one time smoking and I'm just like, you wanna do a podcast? And he is like, sure. What is it? And I was like, I don't really know, but I think we, I think we can drink and smoke. 'cause we were working ES ESP N and Fox You know, you gotta kind of walk that line. So it was just a little bit more to our comfort zone and he said, yeah. So I started doing the homework and, and we landed here. We landed at Showtime. Yeah. And you interviewed so many, so many people. Who are some of your favorite people that you guys have interviewed in the past? I mean, I'm, I'm a, I'm a big hip hop guy and the, and the comedy guy. So the comedians and the, and the rap artists like Lil Wayne, having Kevin Hart on the show, You know, being able to laugh at them.


I think Jamie Foxx, Jamie, we was home during Covid that episode. Man, I think everybody needed that one. So when we had a comedians and the, and the hip hop artists on, that's always my favorite. I Just think You know, being a a like you guys, a trusted voice in the space is important. You know for us to start with JR r Smith and end up with Kamala Harris and, and Kobe's last interview and staff KD and Shaq and the list goes on. You know Will Smith, will Smith, Jada, Jada Pinkett Smith. I just think being a trusted voice in the space with so many voices is, is You know something I pride myself on. I Think athletes didn't have a safe space before, before y'all, especially in NBA players. 'cause we can't speak the language y'all speak.


No. So y'all, it causes them to open up in a different way. And You know, we, we wear eye emotions on the sleeve and everything we been through in life, it's on the table for everybody see. And we willing to talk about it. So I think when our guests see that, it's easy for them to open up too. Now Kamala was your your most recent? They said we did Joe Kim Noah after her, but yeah, Kamala was yeah. A big boy for us. And how was that? I know you were a little reluctant a little bit at first. Oh no. Every You know that I called him. I talked to him about it. Me and Matt, we went at it for a couple days about it. You Don't wanna do it at first? Nah, because I, I really don't want to get in politics. I don't want, I don't even wanna be involved. And a lot of people that support me don't get involved You know what I'm saying? I look at it the same way I look at it. But as a friend and as a brother to him, You know anything that that that he asks me to do something You know nine outta 10 times.


I'm loyal to a fault You. know what I'm saying? Even if it's something I don't want to do. But I know it's beneficial for our company. I know it's be And, I. See, after, after I did the interview, I see now I have a lot of women in my life. I have eight aunts, six daughters, You know. So I would look to them after I did the interview. I'm glad I did it now because they all look at her and they, and look up to her and, and inspire to be great like her. So I'm glad I did it. How Did you guys prepare for her? A lot of that prep. Like a lot of smoking, a lot of stuff. A lot Of smoking. But I, I want to take it back before I get to your question. You know when he said he didn't want it, first of all, I told him, I was said Stack, have I ever led you wrong in a business decision or life? And he said, no. But You know when he said he didn't want to get in involved with the politics.


I I, I told him You know. I don't think that was his choice because once he did that George Floyd thing, he put put a smack dab in the middle that that's right of the biggest leading, one of the biggest protests this world has ever seen. So a lot of things come with that. A lot of good, a lot of bad. But a lot of things come with that. And I think that he implanted his himself in the middle. And I always respected his, I mean always will respect his opinion, but I just thought this could be an opportunity for, he has a, a very loyal following. And it could have been a You know. It was, it was an opportunity for him to You know, get some stuff on his chest or ask straight to the face, You know, ask, ask her straight to the face those questions. So I'm glad he decided to come around. It took him a minute, like literally, Hey, let me tell you bro, until she came in the room, Jack wasn't fucking with you. Oh wow.


Right. Until, so she came in the room and then she took us away from the group and, and took us on a walk throughout the house and started showing us these, this dope black art and sculptures. And I opened up a little bit. Jack was still tough. Like, I ain't fucking with this fucking with this. And then he saw this one piece of Artie liked and she talked about it and she had moved on. And I kept phoning. He went and touched the art and looked at it. I was like, uhoh, she might be getting to 'em. And then he showed, she showed this dope ass chandelier. And then once she showed the chandelier and explained it and, and the Jack started smile, I was like, all right. She got him. So we was straight. So it took him a minute to warm Up. Did she know, did she know that you didn't wanna do it? She had, yeah, she had a little bit. She had a little somebody show might handed her, handed it to her. But how did we prepare? I mean, just, I mean, we prepared, like we used to play like watch game film.


So we study You know we go back and do research and then we give with our research team and, and find out the strategy. My strategy with this interview was, it wasn't a political interview, it was an All The Smoke interview. We happened to ask a few political questions. We felt it was close to our community, but at the end of the day, we wanted to humanize her and get to know her a little better. So just kind of figuring out what was that opening question to get her laughing and smiling and You know, found out the story about the blind date with her now husband Doug. And as soon as we asked that, she started smiling from ear to ear. And we knew that we kind of got her to open You know, put her guard down a little bit. And it was, it was a fun interview. The Biracial question and the question about the blended family killed it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because like it connected with her. She could, there's no script for that. No You know.


You can't go to your talking points for that. You just gotta be honest. You Gotta be sure. And that's what we wanted You know Charlamagne, we, we've been lucky to humanize and and, and make our guests feel comfortable to really share their true opinions and, and, and biracial and and step stepparents. We both are, but biracial is something that I've You know, fought with, and dealt with really my entire career. And now that this is at the forefront of her campaign, I just thought it would be a great talking point. That's what I was telling Jack too. I'm like, yo, if if not you, then who? Because You know If, you got an opinion about these elected officials and you've been expressing it, express it to her. But I also think too, I mean she could have went to any podcast. That's right. There's a ton. Like you said, there's a ton of them and, but I love The fact that she came in And, I said that the other day on the radio. I was like, You know she needs to do where people are going.


Yes. And sometimes these politicians go to places where we don't necessarily go to And, I wanna see her do more stuff like that. Yeah. What were the conversations with her like off of the air? Like what, was there things that y'all talk about offer? Were you like, dang, I asked her if she You know. 'cause I knew that the, the vice president house was probably stiff and white for a lot, a lot of years. Right. I asked her if she added her touch to it and that's when we got kind of started talking about the art and stuff she's done to the house to kind of put her, put her energy around it. What else? We talked about actually, I feel like the last three or four, four minutes of the podcast, And I think we caught some of it. Just it was a back and forth And. I. Do you remember what we was talking about? The very end We was talking about she, what? She asked about Gianna. We talked about the Warriors and being there You know when we played.


Yeah, we believed time. Did y'all smoke before y'all got there? I did. Oh, of course. I I'm high now. Yeah. It, it was too presidential to be able to try to sneak it in and get one off and, and we was representing a lot of people so we didn't want to get in trouble. But yeah, definitely we pre-game You know that was one of 'em. Smoke, shower, You know in the Shower. Yeah, Steve, so don't mess up the hotel With me. Like You still got aspirations for the running, for office You wanted be Man, man, I did man, I, I said that in like early thirties and You know, I, I started shadowing Kevin Johnson, who was the current mayor at the time. And I. Worked with Darryl Steinberg a little bit and You know it. I said it at 50. I'm 44 now, so we'll see. I mean, I You know, I I i year by year I, I get more engaged and learn more and, and, and try to understand the process.


So if if my business affairs are in order by the time I'm 50, I may You know. Chase that down. What do you say to people who say that people in sports should, shouldn't talk about stuff like politics? Like they should just Well, I just feel like we're affected by everything You know what I mean? Just because we played a certain sport. I mean, we're fathers, we're business owners. You know we're in the community that we're, we're we're tied to everything. So I mean, I respect people whether they want to be in it or not, but You know, my whole thing with people is kind of learn the process. So if you're gonna be mad, at least You know what the fuck you're mad at You know a lot of people are mad at lies and, and mad at misconceptions. So my whole thing is learn the process and understand the process and how things, the pecking order and the actual pres, the, the, the power that the president, the vice president don't really have You know, understanding Congress and the House and the Senate and then, and then If.


you still wanna be mad, be mad. But I think just a lot of people are, are, are, are headline readers and they want to get mad at, at at at bullshit. So to me, If, you wanna be mad, like learn it and then find something to be mad at. For, for me I think it's just, it is just really common sense what we need and what we need to do. It ain't rocket science. So that's, I'm not in the hope dealing You know what I'm saying? We all know what we need. We all, what we need to stop doing is and to change to get America You know everybody have equality and we, and we will act like everything else needs to be done besides the common sense shit You know what I'm saying? So that's why I don't wanna be in politics. Well you have a surprise You know 'cause kind of like The Breakfast Club our clips live on and you always see, but I see the same thing with your clips. It could be something that y'all did four years ago. Are you ever surprised how long your clips go and how people recognize you from the podcast and not from the playing days?


That Goes back to You know the law of fan base. You know that's, that's why we do it. A lot of stuff we do is for the fan, but we got a law a, a law of fan base that's been rocking with us since we've been playing You. know what I mean? So to to to see our stuff resurfacing and we not the ones reposting it that mean a lot You know what I'm saying? I mean we going in the right direction. Definitely You know y y'all had the last conversation with Kobe Bryant, last interview with Kobe Bryant. And I always wondered, was that the last time either one of y'all actually spoke to him before He passed? That was the first and last time I spoke to him since we played against each other. Wow. I know Matt, y'all had a relationship. Yeah, we would see each other a little bit more because he was coaching Gigi And I was coaching the twins. So we had talked maybe one time after that. And then he had sent some shoes literally the week.


I think he passed on a Sunday. He sent shoes that previous Monday to the twins and their whole team. So they had just got fresh Kobe. So we had spoke and then obviously like I said, he sent some shoes the week of the actual, the past. So it was, it was tough man. What Stands out from that conversation? I mean, you have it, y'all have it in the All The Smoke coffee table book, but what stands out from that conversation? Just from that day? I think the pre-conversation we went into his office and and how adamant he was of of people the whole ride there though. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We did some shit on the ride. Right. The whole ride there. We was like kids, we never even gotta put that out. Right. We never put that out there. That Was crazy. We had a dope ride. We filmed and and talked a lot of shit. But I think But Y'all three Nah, I just, no, the anticipation of, because we had To go out the week we went out to go see him.


So we left from LA to Orange County, like an hour and a half, hour and a half drive, depending on when you drive. But how many Blunts is there? One and one. Maybe two. One, two. Okay. Yeah. One Or two. Yeah. Not too much. But we had a conversation in this office before we actually got on camera and he was really adamant about this next 20 years then. And, and for The World to be prepared for what he was doing in business. He was just finishing writing one of the children novels he was working on. And he was just like, fellas, like I don't want people to remember me for my last 20 years. I want them to remember me for my next 20 years. You know he had the fund and had won Emmys and doing all kinds of stuff in the business space. And obviously really saw when I got to see him coach Gigi and, and just, he didn't always, never showed a ton of joy, but you can just tell he loved it.


I mean he had these little girls running the triangle offense, which takes grown men a long time to learn. He had these girls practicing four or five days a week, three hours a day. Like the thing about Kobe was he didn't take nothing light when it came to basketball. So these were little young girls, but they were running the Lakers offense to a tee. It was, but he was like a drill sergeant with it. But you could tell he loved it. You know all those little girls loved him and looked up to him and just the passion behind that was, was, was beautiful to see For, for me, I think see meeting him as a teenager and seeing him grow into the icon. He was, I I just admired that You know with so many, so many players and basketball players, you come across doing a a u and traveling You know coming up as a teenager, you see so many people that's supposed to be great that don't live up to it.


You know what I'm saying? He lived up to it and exceeded it. So You know just to be able to sit there to talk to him after our careers You. know what I mean? And go through the memories You. know what I'm saying? Then You know before he passed, that meant everything to me. Mm. Yeah. Was Kobe a scooper or a whore? A scooper? Or a scorer? He was definitely a Hooper. Okay. Yeah. He was a dog on both ends. Definitely a dog. Not even close. Probably the mascot of a hooper. People got mad at you when you said that, but I I don't even play ball and understood what you were Saying. Yeah, because a lot of those people who got mad are the ones I was talking to. People Only get mad when they guilty of it You know what I'm saying? When the shoe fits, it is, a lot of guys that were built came to the NBA where their job was just to score. They didn't compete on both ends. A lot of 'em didn't give that effort. And that's just the facts.


I just seen the video again yesterday of you and Kobe going back and forth. Yeah, Well I mean when you mentioned that, that that was the thing that came to my mind, like I coach kids now and they're become kids that come to me at the AU tournament that weren't even born. You did that to Kobe. You did that to Kobe. But they they didn't even see the, the, the minutes before that. Yeah, no, we was, yeah, we was going at it You know And I. And it was funny in that last interview we talked, I was ready to fight him. You know Kobe is one of the What stopped you from swinging on him? 'cause he would elbow to your stomach. He was pushing you. It got to the 0.1 time I was like, well If, you Gotta respect for certain people. Well they, they won't do that either. They know You know what I'm saying? You go to that point and there's some people that you don't even know. They'll go to the point, they'll know I'll knock you out. But Kobe like, that's just competition. It ain't, it ain't personal. Yeah, But it was personal that day though.


It Looked like he wanted, it looked like he was a, a second, like one more Because I mean obviously we, we all know how great he was as just to player, but he was mentally too. So he, like he said, all the elbowing and shit that, that the the refs claim they don't see or, or don't wanna see. Like I was tired of that shit You know what I mean? And, I keep getting called fouls for retaliating. So I'm like, fuck this man. We, But that's how y'all got cool though. He said, he said if anybody crazy enough to mess with me like this, yeah I Want him on my team. He called me that. So I was actually, my, my deal was up in Orlando and this is when Bron and, and Bosch were going to Miami. So I was talking to Pat Riley and even D Wade on the phone one time and Pat was telling me about the lineups and, and the championships. We can win And, I got a cold call from a, a number I didn't even know and, and happened to pick it up and it was him and we talked a little bit.


And I congratulated him, them about winning and asked what I was doing. He said what you said and he is just like, you want to be a Laker? I'm like, hell yeah. And like three days Laker I was, three days later I was a Laker. Wow. What do you think about the Lakers now? We see Bronny play the last two games and people are on Brody's ass And that's a beautiful, I showed him the picture when we got in the car, we saw the pound. That's the dopest picture ever. When he helping his dad up. They, that's the dopest shit ever. Whoever hat die. Yeah. I mean I think if anyone deserves this opportunity to play with his son, I think it's him You know what I mean? And, and the fact that that whole thing was orchestrated for him to, to, to get to the Lakers is, is amazing. And I was, I was, I had a moment this past summer because my twins are 15 now. So I, I take them and play against grown men. And I remember one time me and the twins were on the same team playing and we was hooping.


I'm just like, man, this is so dope. I couldn't imagine this on the highest level. So to me, I don't give a fuck. I mean the kid was the 55th pick. Normally the 55th pick doesn't even make it. So all these crazy expectations for him earlier are ridiculous. Like allow him to develop. But You know we don't live in a world where development is allowed, especially on the highest level. So I think from a father son aspect is incredible. But You know the Lakers are are one of those teams where you gotta produce, what have you done for me lately? And they haven't necessarily done that. So it's gonna be interesting. You know, scrutinized year. I think We were talking about that earlier. Do you think that Bronny will actually have the chance to develop or you feel like people are gonna pigeonhole him so much that it might I think he has even more of a chance to develop. 'cause his father's there. Like that's the motivation they have. And he, he's seen what it takes to be great.


So all that is in him already. And now he's in the, in the, in the facilities where you have everything here to be great. I think. I think it's, he has everything he need. And, I think he's definitely, definitely gonna blossom over There. And I also think too, I mean I don't think you look at Bronny in the same light as you look at LeBron. That's What Don't compare LeBron. Try to though. Just compare him to other people. Try. I just think, I think he's gonna be a very solid role player. I mean he's got a high IQ defender, HighQ high IQ place. Defense can make the right play, can shoot the ball. So I just think he needed a little bit more time to develop and now he's developing on the biggest stage. But I think You know he's a pro. 2, 3, 4 years. He's gonna be a very solid rotational player. Does he start in the G League or do you think there's no G League for Him? I think he should. I, to me it's about playing And. I You know, I I I play with JJ And I And I fuck with jj.


He, I think he's a You know he's gonna be on a hot seat. But I like his mentality. He's very, he he teaches, he he's he's a personable person. So for all the people to say no to, like the most important thing is getting to play. You don't learn shit from sitting on the bench and watching. So bro has to play. So whether that's gonna be eight to 10 minutes in the real game or if it's gonna be 30 minutes on the G League level, I think he just needs to play And I think they'll figure that out. You, you can't simulate the NBA in the G league though. You gotta play in the NBA to understand the NBA pace and game. The the D league is totally There, but you just have to play though. Yeah. Sitting, it can sitting get you ready in order to be successful. It's night and day. But To be successful and to, to make a name for yourself in the NBA You. know what I'm saying? You have to learn how to play that game.


Yeah, No doubt. What Would be considered success? LeBron? A 15, 14 year career. Okay. A long career You know in the NBAI mean that would say we, we not expecting him to score 50,000 points You. know what I'm saying? We expect him to, to be a star and possibly be a all star one day. Mm. I gotta ask You know since, since we are in New York, New York just made a a, a trade that sent Cat Kat here. What were your thoughts on that trade? Wonderful. I know y'all happy. Yeah, we got son a Big man. I, I love Julius Randall, but I'll take cat over him any day. You know and, and Kat is way more durable. We lose a shooter though. You lose, you lose a shooter. But he does way more than just shoot Kat. He does. And then, and then the east two.


I think a big guy like that that can spread the floor on this team, I think he, Him and b go at it too. Didn't they scrap one time? Yeah. It's gonna be good for y'all. I You know I I'm a do i I like dogs. So obviously seeing Di Vincenzo and Julius Randall leave You know, I I kind of like ugh, You know what I mean? Because I I really that's what I meant shooter when Di Vincenzo was the shooter. They You know they're trying to put something together. They put the whole Talking about Dichen. Come on. No, no. I mean you got, we ain't got no spot shooting. Replace that. Come on Man. Replace that man. Let's not do that. Let's not do that On di Let's not Do I'm he hit the most threes in Nick's history. I hit that 203 And helped us out last shit when all of people were injured.


No, he's a very solid role player. Definitely. I definitely feel like, But he got Mika Bridges now I get it. So I think Kat's really gonna help this team if he's three level cat. Not just the staying outside and shooting jumpers all day. And I think this fan base, it won't allow some of the stuff he was doing in Minnesota where he would settle a lot because he is so skilled and talented and can score on all three levels and, and there's a real, real problem. But I think sometimes he settles, but, but I think he's coming into a situation that's not only good for him, but You know his fiance or his girl because You know she's kind of into things too. So being in this media market is, is gonna be very beneficial for him if he attacks it the right way. I feel like Isn't his family from Yeah, he from Jersey, Jersey, Jersey, Jersey Back to then. Yep. Yep.


Yeah man, I wish both sides good luck. I'm interested to see too how Anthony Edwards and Julius Randall get along. 'cause that's two dogs right there. So that's interesting to see how, how their chemistry works. You know. You know what I, I wanted to ask you about Jack, the the malice and the Palace doc, right? Yeah man, I didn't realize how much that situation impacted y'all You know what I mean? Because, because when you think I you think about it, yes, y'all could have wanted chipped that that year. I think that was a year for us to win the Chip If. you If you look when the Braw happened, we probably had the second or best record in the league when that happened and we was blowing everybody out. And I think we all knew that that was Reggie's last hoorah. You know and we wanted to win it for him. But like you said it, it wasn't the same. I missed, I I missed what two or three Allstar games 'cause of that.


Jermaine was a shoe in Hall of Famer around that time till that happened and Ron was possibly the first You know can win Defensive Player and offense and MVP in the same year. So all those things were working for us. And that one incident killed everything man. And it didn't and it didn't bring, it didn't seem like it brought y'all together. Not all of y'all. It didn't because everybody didn't do it for loyalty You know what I'm saying? Everybody wasn't in that situation for loyalty. Some people was in it because they was there You know what I mean? I actually rode with my teammate for it. You know for being a good teammate. A lot of guys were just in there doing stuff that wasn't necessary. You know and it it, it cost us that season. How many times did that happen to you in your life, Jay? Where you just, I don't give a fuck. This is my guy we going that you you, you going to war?


I'm going to war. I'm loyal to a fault. I'm loyal to a fault, but You know what I'm saying? But like, I can sleep that way You know what I'm saying? If we go somewhere right now, so I'm gonna be the first one to jump out there. That's just how I was taught. That's how I was raised. But You know as as you get older, you get smarter. Is That one of the things that you, you regret that season? Like how all of that played out? Yeah, I regret it because You know I was a consider myself a real good basketball player. And I, miss a lot of all-star games like accolades because of that You know, even when I, I had great seasons that still was a cloud over my, over my great plan and it hurted Ron too and Jermaine. So it, it definitely wasn't beneficial for none of us. Was It tough to do that doc? Like just to sit there and have to relive all of that? Well, I mean it was the reason why it wasn't, it wasn't tough because it was grad gratifying for getting some money for talking about it.


We lost so much for the one punch. Like, let me get some money back for talking about it. You threw More than one punch. I well, Well I threw two. That's it. Yep. If. you see, I'm glad you said that. We can, we can clear this up right now here. We cleared out a whole right now. Well His arms are long. This Why I said I shouldn't have got fined when it all happened. I jumped up and went over the sta I went six rows up, didn't hit, nobody got to wrong. Yeah, a beard was thrown in his face the second time and that's the guy


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Did You know that October is a DHD awareness month? It's a perfect time to shine a light on understood.org. A non-profit that's made a real difference for millions of families like mine. understood.org is dedicated to supporting people who learn and think differently. Imagine this 70 million people in the US including maybe your child, a friend, or even yourself, have a learning and thinking difference like A DHD or dyslexia. Yet many of them don't have the resources they need to thrive. That's where Understood comes in. They reach 20 million people worldwide every year offering free expert vetted resources for parents, teachers and adults, including curated articles, podcasts, downloadables, and more with understood. You don't have to navigate learning and thinking differences on your own. Check out you.org/give today and see how they can help you or someone you love.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artists. Pharrell Williams turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


When I turned around, a guy was holding Ron punching him. I hit him. I didn't, if I was just wanting to be stupid, I coulda hit everybody those six rows up. But I went to protect him so I wasn't really on no idiot stuff You know what I'm saying? I was just being a protector but it just turned out to look that way. Wow. So If, you look at it, I didn't, I coulda hit a whole bunch of people. I didn't them Hands didn't get loose as they could Have. Nah, I, nah hell, I'm not, they not you now I's have been watching the evolution of marijuana in the NBA. Oh it's beautiful. I think. I think we don't get enough credit for it. Nah, for real. You know 'cause to, to be able to play in the NB now and not get tested like crazy. You don't know. We went through that was a Full job Smoke. We was paying people and all kind of drinking all kind of stuff. Justice. Yeah. Diluting the pee and all kind of stuff. Man. Do all kinds of stuff just to be able to smoke. So now they can You know, do it freely.


I mean I know a lot of guys that might not talk about it publicly, but I know they appreciate You know being able to smoke and and then and relax after the game the right way. Yeah. Without taking all 'em pills and shit. I think You know when I retired in 17, that was one of my main focuses is being the shield for the current guys. And You know myself and our brother Al Harrington were flying out here to New York to talk to the Players Association and the league and just understanding the plant, study the plant until they both got You know people on both sides to start studying it. And, and from what I heard that the NBA was really against it still, the PA was more for it and they had to come to a common ground and they ended up doing that. You know obviously in the bubble when the You know with the, with the covid hit and they gave the players time off and then they brought everyone back to the bubble. If they would've tested, they probably 85% of the league would've failed because guys were off, didn't know if the season was gonna come or not.


And a and a majority of the guys You know medicated. So You know. I think that was a very smart move for them to go ahead and bypass it there. And then after that it was gone. So I think I say all that to say it, it's, it, it was, it was tough smoking our entire career because it was You know every time we did it, we were risking fines or suspensions. So it was a real job to, to smoke in the league. And now, like Jack said, just to be able to freely do it, to relax, go to sleep, focus anti-inflammatory all the properties for it. I think it's, it, I'm happy for those guys. Were Y'all trying to have the conversations then though? Like, yo, this is what, this is what's helping us. You couldn't even have the conversation. Not really. You can't do it all right. Yeah, We didn't anyway. No. The the the, the conversations needed to happen.


But I think my conversation when I started talking was after the fact. Got you. 'cause it was just so was like they didn't wanna hear that shit You know what I mean? It just, it was something you couldn't do You know what I mean? So I think when as as The World progressed and we started getting You know research behind the positives instead of just the negatives, I think that's when the game started to change. Could You physically play high? Because I be reading these stories about Michael that might used to be drinking Budweiser and going to drop 50. I smoked before I played where Not I just smoked exactly before the game. But that day early in the morning probably. Yeah I probably did. But not going to the game I done came down. But like going to the game fresh off one. Absolutely not. Not in the NBA you getting Cooked. Yeah, I know a couple dudes that that that smoked driving into the gym. We won't say them names, but they was different.


So I mean I could smoke You know a few hours before but I wouldn't smoke on the way to the game one 'cause I didn't wanna smell like it around everybody. But two, it's just like depending on what you smoking, you putting yourself out out there in the atmosphere sometimes. So I was geeked up in the whistle conference finals though. Yes. Lightening their ass up. Yeah. Guess Dallas. I was geeked up. Were you smoke before the game? I smoked right after shoot around like three hours before the game. And I. I didn't go to sleep so I was just geeked up during the game like certain certain times. If, you don't take that nap, you load it. And. I I did in the West Conference finals 'cause I was from Texas. I was just feeling good at the time and went to work. So it worked for me. What was the process of putting this book together? Like how did y'all choose which conversations to put in there?


Shout out Dylan. Shout Out into it. Publishing Company. Oh yeah, obviously you, yeah, you and the company and then Dylan. Just understanding You know where we, the, the, the caliber of guests we had and and the different topics we spoke on. You know again, there's a ton of people in this space now as far as sports, but I don't look as them as competition. I think everyone had their own journey and their own voice and their own experiences. And, I think we still think with all the conversations we had, our conversations are still different from everybody else's. So just important You know, family, mental health, You know the everything that comes along in this journey and, and and You know we've been able to transition from not just a sports show to just kind of a more of a culturally relevant show.


You know, absolutely You know. We're talking to the Kevins and the Wills and the Jadas and the Jamies and and and the VPs. So I just think You know high level conversations with high level people and You know being able to be celebrated with that. I mean, if I'm not mistaken, we're the first podcast with the coffee table book. Absolutely, man. Absolutely. So I think it's, it's, it's a tremendous opportunity. We're very thankful for it. And, and and hope that everyone checks it out. I named a couple of names. I want you to tell me what your thought of the interview is. Don Sta Well, a lot of people don't know. That's my been with my favorite, my favorite female player of all time. My rookie year I wore 24 'cause of Don Sta. People don't know that. Yeah. And when I was in New Jersey. So it was, it was an honor to me to be able to talk to her. You know I never met her in person so I can't wait to actually take a picture with her.


But somebody I admired for a long time that's Different. Like what about her You know, I've never heard of Guy Field, a woman in basketball playing influenced me like that. Like what about her influenced you? Well, her whole swag, like she, she had that rough park basketball style and she was one of the first females to, to bring it like AI You know she wore baggie short. She did it her way. She talked the talk, walked the walk and you didn't see that from a woman in basketball growing up. And then she was at a school that was a female school that was always on tv. Their basketball game is always on tv. So that's what we seen. So that's what I seen a lot. Yeah, No, same. I mean just being a fan of her game and then how she's been able to transition and, and be a leader of young women and women. I'm always a big fan of that. So You know, being able to get to talk to her and to me, honestly, And, I'm sure you guys probably feel the same way, like we're fans of a majority of the people we talk to and getting a chance to get that in depth.


You know to be able to peel back the layers and understand who they are as a person and how their upbringing brought them to be the people they are. I mean that's always the, the joy and the journey of, of these conversations for me About the Jamie Fox convo that happened during Covid. Yo, we laughed so hard before we even got on air, bro. It was incredible. He was funny as hell. Jamie's great. I mean, to me, Jamie's one of the most talented people this planet's ever seen. His versatility across several different fronts is amazing. On top of him just being a, a really good dude, man. So that was, that was a dope conversation. You have a lot of comedians that's funny when they're doing their work, but a lot of 'em, some of 'em ain't naturally funny. You know what I'm saying? Jamie's just naturally funny. Yes. Like you said, for like 45 minutes before we even turned the camera on racking up, like he was in ref form.


Like he was excited to be on the show as well. So yeah, that was, that was one of the best ones. You know Jack, you, you've dealt with a a lot of grief over the last few years. You know, of course George Floyd You know your brother, your sister, your sister. How have you been dealing with that, that level of grief Support system? These guys, You know my mom and sister, it's been hard, but You know it's a part of life, bro. I too much is given much is required. You know, we all go, we all, I'm not going through nothing that half of y'all haven't been through, but it gets to a point where when it's somebody like your sister and brother, like that's different. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like that's, that, that's different. So I haven't been the same, but it's the day by day process. Absolutely. Yeah. Thanks for asking.


Absolutely. How did, how did you guys know it was time to, you talk a lot about transition, that it was time to transition and, and like lean into like, okay, the podcast, the merch, like just the business side of things. Like was that a switch? It probably was planned, but when did You know like, okay, it's time to jump the fence now. Man, the reason why I left the NBA the the, the, the first year of a three year deal, I happened to win a championship with Golden State And I wouldn't get a chance, didn't get paid two years after you got playing. So I, I didn't, I wasn't getting a chance to see my kids You. know what I mean? So I, I You know the, it was kind of a perfect storm. We won a championship and, and And I was ready to move. So I was just kind of excited and, and And I think sometimes how, why athletes have a hard time transitioning because they don't get to leave on their own accord.


Right? Most of the time it's injuries or a reputation or just teams don't wanna fuck with you no more. But You know I was someone that just You know I was in the midst of a contract and I'm just like, man, You know. This is the blessing we won. I wanna, I'm missing so much time with my sons. I'm a You know my father first. So You know that was my transitioning reason. And then once I transitioned I'm like, damn, what's next? You know I've, I had invested well and You know had some things moving, but I knew I still needed to find something to do. And You know Media came knocking for both of us and You know We, we, we kind of ran with it. So, I mean Jack is the kind of guy that You know. He, he, he, he trust very few. So if you're in his trust circle, he's gonna listen to you. And when I pitched him idea, he trusted me to run with it and, and make it happen.


And You know that's what I was able to do. I feel like even with, with Sports Networks, y'all was before y'all time on that too. It seemed like when y'all was on there, they didn't want y'all to talk so freely. No. Especially you Jack. They didn't want you. Well and You know what it seemed like everybody could talk freely now, but it seemed like they didn't want you to talk free. 'cause We did it anyway. You know we did it anyway. I, I You know, I You know shout out to Woes, but I remember I was the first one to correct him on TV You. know what I'm saying? All people like, damn he correcting Road. Yeah. 'cause I got Jimmy Butler right on speed dial. Y'all making stuff up. So like we just being who we naturally are You know what I mean? And I think that's what kind of took over when we was on TV when we did these shows. We You know not too many basketball players come up here and speak like that. And we was just being our natural self. We wasn't acting on putting on You know on camera then going off being somebody else.


We the same person on and off Camera And I think too, a big thing was You know Stephen A. Smith and and whether you hate him or love him, I like Stephen A. Smith and he's been instrumental in kind of my journey. We talk often, but he was really big on Stay Off the Weed and used to say that shit all the time until I called him on it and he listened to me. You know I called him out on social media after I've seen it one too many times and then I'm on First Take You know at at right at the docks talking about weed on ES, espn. Like no one had ever done that before. No athlete had ever done that before. So I, I think to Jack's point, it's just You know having real conversations. And I think people are always gonna respect that And, I remember a ton of times and You know I was working for Fox and ES ESPN at the time where You know there's certain, well this is the topic, You know, do you wanna say this? I'm like, no, I don't wanna say that You know.


I I don't, I wouldn't say that I don't talk like that. This is how I'm gonna say it You know what I mean? So, I mean obviously I enjoyed my time at both networks. And I it, it kept my name fresh and, and allowed other opportunities to happen. But You know it, it's, it's, it's a little different walking on that side of media than it is on the media side that we landed on. Are any of those networks getting it right? I think so. Okay. I think You know, I I I Lot smoke production's getting it right. Yeah. I think You know, I think there will always be those big engines, but I don't necessarily think you need 'em anymore. You know what I mean? The, the, the digital switches on the, the, the, the athlete driven content is on and entertainer. Like everyone is experts that are now talking about it. Before there was other people always talking about what they saw, whether it be critics in music, television, film or sports.


But now you actually have the, the, the, the people talking about it. So again, I think there'll always be the big ESPNs and foxes and all that kind of stuff, but you don't necessarily need it anymore to get your point across to have a platform order to go viral. Alright, I wanna ask some basketball questions before y'all get up outta here. Play Thompson. What you think about him leaving the Warriors and, and you think it was time for him to go? I think it's a breath. A breath of fresh air for him. I mean some, some guys need that during their career. You know what I mean? You, you played at a certain spot for so long, it's a bad feeling in the body. I ain't won last couple years. So a lot of times they gonna try to try to find somebody to blame it on and it fell on Clay You know what I'm saying? Which, which is unfortunate because he's the reason why they have a big part why they have all those championships over there. But this is how, this is how professional business goes.


Yeah. This is how it goes. And I think it's great for him because he's landing in a spot where he can do what he do best. With two of the best one-on-one players ever and Kyrie and Luca, he could spot up and shoot jumpers. So I think, I think it's a great, a great situation for him. 'cause I, I've been in a situation where I, I was somewhere And I needed to go to a different team to be, to flourish and be a better player when I came to Golden State. So that's kind of same for him. Clay, A Hooper a score. Clay is a hooper. Hooper, yeah. Oh yeah. He play on both ends. D row's retiring. Oh Man. Hurt my soul. Where's the Fair World Tour? Where's the, where's the, he deserves all that for me. You know what I'm saying? He's one of those guys, bro. I think too, I mean obviously as great as we saw You know the injury slowed him down, but everything we're hearing from is he as great as a player was he is a better person.


And You know, that's always something that, that, that's important to us. Definitely looking forward to sitting down with him. One day. But I just think his impact on the game, how pure and, and, and, and, and real he was Will You know, definitely be noted. But You know one of the greatest, I hate to say what ifs, 'cause obviously he gave us a lot while he was here and was the youngest MVP of all time. But I couldn't imagine seeing him be able to stay who he was and, and get older and how much his game would've grown and developed. I think we missed out on something really special with Damn, Damn he never did. All, The, Smoke gun? Not Yet. Not yet. Don't get. But what touches to his character that I admire how he got his wife and his kid's mother to get along and co-parent how they do it. Like they are mascots for that. 'cause they do it the right way. So salute him for that.


Who put a score? Dero? He's what is he? A hooper? A scorer. D Rose. Oh, good question. D Rose A. Hooper. I done seen a lot of chase down blocks. He he competes on both ends. Yeah. He's hooper. He's a hooper. He's a hooper. Who's, who's the face of the league when, when LeBron leaves? Who, who's, and, and Steph leaves, who's the next face of the league, I should say? I think, I think it might be by committee. I think Anthony Edwards is one. Ain't gonna be one face like LeBron. Don't think so. Nah, Nah, I think it'd be by committee. I think it'll be Ant I think it could be a little bit of Jason Tatum. I think it could be some Luca. I think it could be some Shay Gils. Alexander Ja If. you get his mind Right. Victor. Victor. Wiman. Yma. I think there's a lot of, I I think the league is in a great place as far as just young talent.


You know, like we haven't seen in a long time. But it's, it, it is funny you said that because I, I, I wish people would just appreciate the journey more. We're coming to the end of Ron and Steph and Katie and what they've done and what they've meant for this game and still all the criticism and hate they get. It's just crazy You know what I mean? Because one day they're gonna be here, but they're not gonna be in the game anymore. And people can be like, damn, I miss them. I missed that. And instead they're too busy trying to criticize and talk shit about bro and Katie's this and Steph can't do that. Instead of just kind of enjoying what they've being able to You know to to, to bless The World with WNBA. What are your thoughts this year? What a new excitement, new life. It, it, sometimes I ain't go front. It feels better than the NBA. It's, it's What's your thoughts on WNBA Kaitlin talking And I.


Think just the, the women's game is pure man You know what I'm saying? They, they, they all played it the right way. You know it. It is, it is, it is. It's refreshing to watch. It is good to see them start to get they money and get the attention that they deserve. I'm a hooper so I'm all for You. know anybody that's hooping, that's putting in that work You know what I'm saying? That's grind all these years to get to the top. I'm, I'm happy that, that they're getting to just do, I think the growth of the game is tremendous. You know the fact that we're talking about it and seeing it on ESPN and all the highlights and, and, and You know we're doing a piece that I'm excited about on Andrew Reese and Ca and Clark and just their dynamic that they brought to the game and, and the vehicle of new fans they brought. And you've heard kind of some of the good and the bad that have come with that.


You know Angels spoke out on just the negativity and the racism that'll come from some fans and kind of using them. But Is that normal though? 'cause You know it, it seems like that's normal in the league. I'm sure that you guys have been called 1,000,001 names. Oh man. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. But You're getting into a fight. Utah, Boston. You played in Indiana, man. Like what? In Utah, Remember? Yeah. Oh yeah. I had just got in trouble in Indiana. Got That's back when you still had the space between your teeth. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I had a dude had a cardboard cut out under the goal with me in a jail suit. Oh No shit During the game. Shit was funny. Nothing. That shit was funny. The Whole game. It was funny too. We was all laughing. We Signed it for him and All. Yeah, no, but I just, I think the growth of the game is tremendous. I think it's gonna continue to grow.


It's got new eyeballs and new sponsorship and, and new money and You know. We just want to continue to celebrate them. You know, I think it's been such a You know, a hit or miss with that, but just kind of understanding the lineage and, and where they are after 28 years, You know it's arguably ahead of schedule of where the NBA was at year 28. So again, I think the impact of these new young stars have brought a lot more eyeballs and attention. And I hope they continue to carry it. You know you got Juju coming down the pipeline. Who's a monster? So Paige. Paige. Yeah. So IIII think that league is gonna continue to grow and flourish and, and, and give something a lot of little girls You know something to look up to. You gotta see it to believe it You know what I mean? So you see that, you see Kamala wonder for presidency. I mean You know young girls are You know it is a great time to look up and and see all the greatness ahead of them.


Can can ja bounce back? Y'all had a great All The Smoke with Ja Ma, right? Hell yeah. Can you bounce back? I mean of course he can. I mean that that, that was the whole thing when I, when when it happened. I was saying like, people act like you can't make mistakes. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, it, it, it happens right? Everybody makes mistakes. They just don't make 'em on a level for everybody to see. So he definitely could bounce back. And I think he will. You know. I I just think it's gonna take him to make some decisions too about the people he's around because I've made the same mistake too. That's what I'm saying. We make those mistakes because You know. We feel You know we gotta keep it real and all that at one point. But you gotta get to the point where you keeping it. Right. You know what I'm saying? I think, I think he's there now. They don't let kids fuck up no more. Like y'all wouldn't be where y'all are Right now. Don't kids don't let Black kids. Right. Black kids. Right.


Why Just think too. You gotta think when we were fucking up coming up, there wasn't cameras on us constantly. That's right. Could fuck up. I remember the stuff off I was doing in UCLA. I probably would've never made the NBA if I had cameras in my face. And then You know the early days in Golden State where we're out every single night drinking and smoking in every single city and fighting and and doing God knows what. There was no cameras You. know what I mean? So as long as you could show up and play the game the next day there wasn't an issue. But now everywhere you move, whether you're filming yourself or other people that are filming you, there's cameras on you. So you just gotta be cognizant of that. That's funny. 'cause you would hear that, you'd hear like legend, you'd be like, man, Matt Barnes be fucking people up. You'd be like, Matt Barnes. Like Matt Barnes. Hey Y Matt Barnes.


I dunno. We used, I don't know, we used to get down a little bit. That was it back in my early days. We appreciate you guys for joining us man. You got, you got another one? I did, but I forgot it. Oh, okay. Oh, oh, oh, oh. We were, were talking about Ja Morin. What's the biggest like thing that you repeat all the time to the young players when they call y'all for like real life advice? Like a Ja Morin. Oh My me Now is control your ne control your own narrative. Right? That's my thing. You know what I'm saying? Because during your career they can post certain things on TV and then a lot of times the media for the team will tell you not to reply or not give you the platform to reply to get the, to get what they saying about you. Correct. Right. So now they're in a position where they have their phones, they have their social medias, use the right way and control your own narrative. Whatever the media try to say something about you or try to say, you said something to the team or accounts or something.


You can clear it all up on your page of your own social media so they can hear from the horse's mouth. So control your own narrative. I think that's important too. And then I got 15-year-old sons that are coming down the pipeline and just for these young players to understand that they're brands already. Wow. True. Like you are a walking brand as you speak. And, and, and to refer back to the young ladies, Caitlin Clark and Angel Reese, they had bigger brands arguably than what the WNBA was at the time they came into it You know what I mean? So understand your brand power and then what Jay said, I'm not a businessman, I'm a business. And like understand that you're really a business everywhere you move and you have to just, you just have to unfortunately, like you said, there's nowhere room to fuck up. 'cause there's so many cameras on you. So just understand every move you make and everything you say can affect your brand.


There was a, speaking of your, your kids, you talked a lot about your kids. There was a video last year in November that went viral of you and Derek Fisher coaching the twins together. That was a really, that video was like, I think The World was like, oh wow. You know what I mean? The World. Yeah. Me Was I like, hold Jack. We doing, I was I remember 2015 everything before that. Right? Yeah. What was it like getting to that point where now we on the court, well it's important to do it, but what was that Like? You know people don't understand that me and Phish squashed that shit the summer after it happened. Like that shit happened at the beginning of one season and then the next summer, once I found out he was around and the twins cared about him, like we squashed it because it wasn't about my ex And I no more. It was about trying to raise these young men. Right?


So Phish has been in the boy's life for almost half their life. You know what I mean? So we've always been And I was real enough to sit down and have a conversation with them. Like, bro, I'm still playing, so you're gonna see my kids more than me. I need you to teach them the ropes Right. While I'm not around. So to me, You know, once I got over and once we talked about how I didn't agree with the move and it could have went a different way. Like, like it wasn't about saving that, it was about harvesting and, and we gotta raise two young black men. So I mean, I think he's done a great job. I tip my hat to him all the time. I mean, he's, he's their second dad and he You know I coach him in the summer during a u and he coaches them during high school. So I mean, when people see us, they still kind of trip out. But like we, our our beef was for a season wasn't even that long. Love that for y'all.


Yeah. It's Easy to squash beef when you win the fight. See how start back up. You see how start Don't even long Timer Matt Ball, Steven Jackson. We appreciate. Oh y'all, y'all got some shows, right? Live show today. Yep. Yeah, why don't Yeah. Wherever this drops. Yeah. To Well Philly, so Philly what Philly's the bar? The ninth. So The ninth. Philly's the ninth. So tonight is tonight in New York. The seventh in New York. Tonight or so they may misses, but tonight in New York if you're around Gramercy Theater, we got Larry the one and only Larry Johnson. Grandma. And then yeah, in Philly we are, Wednesday night we're with with million dollars worth of game and, and a really special guest coming through with them, man. So we're we're excited to be on East Coast.


Yeah. Jim Jones Davies. All 'em said they was pulling up. So I'm looking to see y you gonna See, is it gonna be AI in Philly? How'd You know? We going see on What is that real? We gonna see That's what that's happening. We, we Gonna see, I saw Paul George. So Paul just hit me Yesterday, I'm guessing Right now. Said he couldn't come. Oh, Is It scrambled? I'll come to Philly for that. Yeah, we scrambled. Yeah, we going we as long as we get him up on the airplane, he'll be here. Probably my favorite to Billy for that. The AI All The Smoke conversation is probably my favorite AI conversation Wasn't, it was deep. And he's different and, and, and for him to like, I don't think people understand how passionate, how much he loves life and how much he loves people. You know what I mean? And, and we try to tell him all the time, bro, like, you gotta talk like people love you to death and they just want to know how you are.


They wanna know what you think. And so we're, we're slowly getting them to hopefully sitting down and having his own thing one day don't More than we do. Yeah. That's how Chuck is So cool. Jack. Yo, y'all Real? I play, I play with Chuck. He play With him. Okay. But doing so You know ar I'm just one of those guys. Like every time I play against Chuck, he, when he get to the city, when his boys had called me And, I end up in the club with him hanging out You know what I'm saying? From city to city. And he lost a friend named Jamal a couple years ago and that passed from cancer. And me and him was real close. And during that time, You know I stepped in You, know what I'm saying? And I tried to help him out a lot. So we just became brothers during, during the playing time. Yeah, I was with him earlier. My big brother You know I got traded with Chris Weber out to Philly early in my early two thousands.


And, and, and Chuck gave me a car right off the whip or off the rip and told me if I needed. So it was just like, this is Allen Iverson just Give you A car to drive around. What car? Because I just got, it was like one of the mustangs, when the Mustangs first came out, the two door Mustangs, he'd let me push that thing for a couple months. Just whatever you need bro. Just let me know. I'm just like, damn. Had the Applebee's popping right. Oh man. No. T Friday We used to really be popping, bro. Is we used to get off the plane at two 30 in the morning. I wasn't playing so I didn't give a fuck. But he would have limos for us to go to Atlantic City and go chill all night You know what I mean? Have the penthouse, the, the Lloyds at 13, like how the fuck is all this free? I learned later that you had to give a little bit of money to the casino to, to get all that for You know. But Chuck was, he was just one of them rare dudes like you said that, that, that enjoy life and then gave it his absolute all on that court if people would see how he used to walk around on off days or in practice with big old elbows and hips all bruised up.


And then as soon as it You know that popcorn starts popping about 6, 6 30, a different light turns on and he becomes an animal man. So it was just love Hard too. He love hard. That's what people don't understand. You don't get people that caliber that loves everybody in that genuine way. That's why, that's why it's kind of weird to people. Yeah, that's right. Salute the Bubble shop. That conversation is in the All The Smoke coffee table book, which is out right now. All the stalls, all the stories. No apologies. Go get it. That's right. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast, Club.