
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information,


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more. Piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Hey, it's me Tyler Bow Open. Earbuds are stylish, the color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t, provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love, like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club just is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Yeah, we have Pastor Stephanie. EK Kofo. Did I say it right? You said it. Good. Okay. Thank you so much. Welcome. Thank you. It feeling to be here. How you feeling? I feel good. Good. Are you related to the basketball player? No. Okay. Okay. Got you. Got you, got you, got you. So you got a new book out now. The Power Of. Your Dreams. Yeah. I love a good dream book. I'm the type of person that I keep dream books by my bedside. So when I wake up I can look and see what certain things mean. Is that what got you into wanting to write this book? No. So I encountered God when I was nine years old and one of the ways that was so consistent was that he would speak to me through dreams.


Mm. And it's interesting when you talk about You know, using, like having books that tell you about symbols and things like that. Because I think one of the reasons why maybe sometimes people don't even understand the fullness of their dream is 'cause they pick it apart and the the whole dream is telling a message. So If, you only pick it apart. You may not understand the fullness of it. But dreams has been so consistent for me ever since nine years old. That is a great point. 'cause I never look at the whole totality of my dream. Yeah. I find like one thing that that stood out to me, It's like a WebMD of dreams. Yeah. When people like get books or go on Google and you're like, you only look at one thing. And that's one, one of the things I talk about in the book where you have to look at it like a whole story and to understand in each symbol to tell the You know.


Kind of like tell what is the dreams really saying. Now you said you had an encounter with God at the age of nine. Yeah. What was that encounter? What did he say? What was that conversation? What what? Just enlighten us with what it was. Yeah. So my father was murdered when I was eight months old. Oh man. And so I grew up with like a lot of anger. And there was one day that You know my mom was looking for this document. And I was just like she, it was something that she really needed You know just for the, the times that we were in And. I was like, man, God, You know If. you didn't take my father. It was just another reason why I got angry again. But that day literally like I remember being in my room, And I could feel like a presence in my room, but it wasn't scary.


But then for a 9-year-old, it's like, bruh, who's in my room? You know And, I want. I go to my mom's room 'cause I'm like, whatever is going on there, I don't want no part of it. So I go to my mom's room, she's, and she's up, she's in her bed. She's like, what you doing? I was like, oh no, I just wanna You know sleep. Sleep in your room. She's like, okay, hop in. So the moment I hop in her bed, she's out cold. Like not moving, not responding. And, I feel the same presence again in her room. And I. I didn't really believe in God at that age, but my mom has always been a strong believer. And so I didn't even know now I knew it was the Holy Spirit. Then I didn't realize what made me ask the question. And I was like, God, if this is of you. 'cause I was thinking, okay, if this is my mom's God, he can't harm me.


I'm like, if this is of you, cause wind to flow through my ankles and they out of nowhere, the windows are not open. Nothing. There was like this wind that just flows through me because with my eyes closed, I could see a man sitting. But his home makeup was like light. So then I removed like the covers of my eyes, And, I. See him with my eyes open, sitting there and he gets up, he walks over to my mom, And, I, start asking him questions. 'cause I thought it was God. And. I was like, where were you when my dad died? And he starts saying something. I had no clue what he was saying. He walks over to my mom, he opens her hand, he puts like this piece of paper in her hand closes, it disappears.


So when that happened, my mom wake gets up. And I was like, mom. So I open her hand, there's nothing there. I'm like, mom, like this just happened. Da dah, dah, dah, dah. She was like, Stephanie, I thought it was God. I was like, God was in the room. And she's like, I don't think it works like that. So she goes back to bed, she's like, Stephanie, I think you're tripping. She wakes up that morning, her pastor calls her and he was like, Hey, I was in prayer. And, I just feel like to tell you that there was an angelic encounter in your home. But he didn't know to the degree of what he was even saying, And. I was like, mom, I'm telling you this happened randomly the document, we had been literally ripping the whole house apart for just shows up on the table. And then I'm like, wait, was that the document?


Like, was that what they put in it symbolized. They put in their hand. And so I'm like, oh my gosh, I met God. And then I stood hearing the voice of God and it was like, dude, that was not me. That was an angel. And then he starts describing to me who angels are, but then points me to read the Bible. I had never really read. The Bible tells me what scriptures to read. I could hear it so clearly. And I'm like, mom, I need a Bible. I need like a study, a kid's Bible. And. I. I'm like, so she's the one guiding me where to go to to read those scriptures. And I'm literally seen in the scripture when it talks about angels and X, Y, and Z. And after that it was like something just unlocked for me spiritually. I started hearing the voice of God. I'll have encounters and dreams. Some dreams was like a very like You know, just, it didn't even need to be explained.


The dream was literally like an encounter. And then some dreams were just like symbols that had hidden messages in it. And that became like my life ever since then. What Did the angel look like? Did it look like homie from the crossroads video touching people between eyes or No, it was so he had like, he had like human form, but the only difference, his whole makeup was light. That was, everything about him was like light radiating. So I couldn't even tell you what he, how to describe his features. 'cause it was just light. You So I, oh, I'm sorry Lauren. I just wanna say I believe her 'cause I've seen the same thing. Exactly like that. How old were you? I was actually older. I was in my teenage years.


And. I. Remember laying in the bed, sleeping, And, I thought I was dreaming. And it looked like my bedroom door bursted open. And when it bursted open, it was just this figure that was light. Yeah. It had a human form. I couldn't see a face form. Yep. But it had a human form, but it was just light. Yeah. Yeah. Stephanie, what happened after that? He seen Aliens tour. Alien came and got 'em too. Ask me, wait, I, I could tell you stories tell you believe I aliens too, not, oh, we called them aliens. But they're really just demonic spirits. Oh yeah. I Believe he alien shot 'em in the leg. Tell the story. Tell the story. He's making this up and it's crazy that we're having a real conversation about God. But he would try to interject. I say no, you said, She said that like when she confirmed it, you probably saw demonic.


I, I, it just, I don't know. It sits well with me. Like I think that that happened too. No, I saw that. I've seen that. Yeah. Because angels really come in a way that their, their presence, their essence is so radiating. Yeah. But then they're also, you can also have encounters with demonic spirits. That's also very, I've had, I've, I could tell too many stories. Is it a mission that you feel like from seeing that and from having those conversations, do you feel like you were sent on a mission to do something? And do You know what that mission is? If so, I think not even. I think everyone has their angels assigned to everyone on this earth. Like life is not just physical. It is, it is actually more spiritual than physical. I think the differences that there are times that You know based on how God is working with someone, that he might open your eyes to see things at a younger age.


And if you're not scared of it, If, you don't run from it. And even If you do, you can always come back to the place where you're like, God, maybe I was scared, but show me again. And. I. I believe that part of my calling even on Earth, it's really to awaken people to the supernatural because it governs everything that we do in the natural realm. I was gonna say, like for you it was a lot more clear, but like I've had like not encountered where I saw something, but where things have happened, I'm like, that's nothing but God. And I'll be like, God, do it again. So I know that this is like a thing and then he'll do it again. So I myself, I'm always like, no, I'm, my faith is strong because he's, he's talked to me. Right. He's shown that. Yeah. But It took a couple times. Some people think they, they're hearing things, but it might not be clear that it's God to them.


Yeah. How do you coach people through being able to let that voice break through and understanding it is God? Yeah. I think one of the key things is found. There's the foundational element of it, right? You don't need to read a Bible for God to speak to you, but you need to have an understanding of his voice in the Bible so that you're not deceived by the voices you hear. Hmm. And so when you have a good foundation of knowing the voice of God, even in his word, then when you begin to hear him or you see things in the book, one of the things I talk about even before I get into the subject of dreams, are the different ways we experience God's voice to the four primary ways. Yeah. The four primary ways. So there's some people who, they're feelers, right? They can You know God has emotions.


The Bible talks about so many types of emotions, peace, You know, love, anger, all these things. So there are people that you might walk into a room, there's a deal on the table for you, everything checks off. But then you don't, you're not at peace with it. Something is like messing up with you. Like, I don't think this is for me, the problem is that if we don't have a God consciousness about life, we think it's us feeling that way. Yeah. But the Lord is trying to share his emotions with you. Like, Hey, I'm not in that You know it might look good on paper, but I'm not in that. So those are people that feel, there are people that know, there's some people that just have an instinctive knowing. And for many that is more heightened. When you're a kid, like you'll meet a child and you're like, what do you wanna be You know?


Sometimes they just say random stuff. But there are kids that just know what they wanna be. Yes. And they're, it has nothing connected to their parents. Like their family members were never in that field of work. But they see something, they're exposed to something and they just just have a knowing, wait, I'm supposed to be in this field, I'm supposed to do this. I'm supposed to be an actress. And it's just this instinctive knowing because there's a, there's a beauty with being a child. There's not, your intelligence is not in the way The older we get, our wisdom blocks us from discerning the voice of God because we're trying to You know outthink it, which we're, we're overthinking it rather like, where did this come from? Where did that come from? And then there's the heroes. There are people who You know audibly.


It's more rare to hear the voice of God audibly now. But you can also, it, he also speaks in a form of thoughts. So there are this distinctive thoughts or series of thoughts that you would really like hear in your head. And it has nothing to do with how you would naturally think, how you would naturally, like You know, think about a matter the same way that anxiety has a voice. You know pain has a voice. The the Lord also speaks to you through your thoughts. And then they're Sears. And that's where dreams come in, right? There are people where you're dreaming, you see visions. There's something called open visions where you might even be, you feel as though you were somewhere and then you're back in your body. You know. But all these things are ways that we can experience the voice of God. But the foundation is If.


you don't know how he speaks in the Bible, then you can easily get deceived. So How do you, so feeling, knowing, hearing, seen And seeing. Yes. So how do you break down some of those, those dreams, right? Because you talk about The, Power, Of, Your, Dreams. Yeah. I'm, I'm sure probably the biggest dream that people have I'm sure is somebody falling. Yeah. And so what does that mean when somebody is falling or when you, when people feel like they see somebody coming in from their past life When, when you say passed life, like a loved one who passed away. Yeah, yeah. Like a loved one that passed away. I You know what, for me it's, I remember when my, my wife's father passed away. Right. And it was the weirdest thing. We had balloons downstairs. Yeah. And it was her birthday and my wife outta nowhere just started thinking about her dad.


And I. Don't know if this was whatever it was, but outta nowhere, like midnight 1:00 AM the balloons that were in the kitchen actually blew up the stairs and came into the bedroom. Wow. And it freaked me the fuck out. Freaked me the fuck out. Were they Hels? I would've had to leave that house. Were they helium balloons? Yeah, they were healing balloons. Yeah, of course they would rise. You would think they But to go, lemme finish. No, but to go right up the, the stairs, but to go up the stairs and into it had, don't discount his experience with God. Speak to Benjamin too. But It could have went to any one of the bedrooms in the house. It Could have went to, it went right to the bedroom. You know what? See This? Why don't like talking to him? That's Why you told him an alien shot him in the foot.


Exactly. No, I, I believe, I believe that was, I believe that was your, I believe that was a sign. I believe that was him. I really do. I'm not doing it. This sound, but it helium yes. Duh. No, But it was out a man out my house outta anywhere those balloons could have went. And the fact that she was talking about her dad and crying over him several hours earlier just made me feel like, damn, there are signs and there are angels. So what, how do you You know, I guess break down different dreams and what do the different dreams mean? Yeah. So in the book I talk about just different types of dreams because the key thing even before you get into that, is to know why we dream, right? God. I mean, and there dreams can come from different places.


A dream can come from you. A dream can come from God. A dream can come from You, know the enemy. But when it comes from God, God has a desire to, has a desire to speak to us more than we even desire to hear from him. Because regardless of where we find ourselves in life, regardless of how successful we perceive ourselves to be, regardless of all the things we have going on, we were, we are first His creation. And there's something there. Your life is not random. Your he desires to do life with you. He desires to partner with you. And so there are types of dreams, like especially when people see their You know loved ones who had passed on, those could be encouragement dreams. Now how the dream is presented matters.


Because when someone passes away, they are, they lose consciousness of the physical realm. But that does not mean that who they are, their essence is gone. Right? They're transitioning to a different life. You know whether that's with the Lord or You know the opposite. Nobody wants that. But, but they're transitioning now to like an eternal life. You know in the spiritual realm, but they don't technically have, you can see them in dreams. And most people would have You know these dreams where they don't speak, they just appear, they just show themselves, right? Because those realms are now, they're different realms, right? So you might see them in a dream. And the purpose of that dream is just the Lord trying to bring comfort to you and encourage you that yes, you don't have your loved one with you, but they're not fully absent.


They're not fully just gone. You know who they are, the core of who they are, like their spirit man is still with him. What about the Opposite side of that scale? The dream where you dream that you die. That is a dream that now that could be warning dreams. So we had, this was president, this was President Lincoln I believe. So he had a dream right before he was assassinated. He literally had a warning dream. And in the dream he's walking You know through the White House. And he hears people mourning. And he's like, Hey, what's going on? And somebody tells him in the dream, the president has been assassinated. And he's like, wait, what? And he's literally watching them mourn him and his like, almost like a funeral service.


He wakes up. The problem is he has that type of dream. So it's recorded that he told people close to him the dream. But then if no one understands, like, hey, regardless of who you are, God is still trying to get a message to you. If he understood the weight of the dream, he would've canceled every activity that was coming up. But he kept his schedule as normal. And few days after that he was assassinated. But Doesn't that, doesn't that I, I guess the right word is negate, doesn't that negate your faith in God? If you do that like, like, like If. you somebody If you have a dream that something bad is gonna happen to you and then you just automatically cancel everything. It's like where does God come into play? So here's the thing, You know, we have this thing where we say like, You know is God in control of life and all these things?


Yes. But the Bible says the earth has he given to man. Now what that means is that, let me even go back, back, go back a little bit. Even Jesus, right? Before Jesus could do what he was purpose to do on earth, he had to come through a human vessel in order to execute it. Now this is God. God is eternal. God is all powerful. He could have just spoken and rewritten history, but be, but in order for us to be redeemed, Jesus had to come through the flesh. Why? Because the flesh gives you legal rights to do things on earth. So when we look at God, there's a reason why God desires to partner with us. It's just like even the reason we pray, You know.


Why would Jesus tell us When you pray, not If, you pray. The reason we pray is because we're saying, Hey God, I'm in agreement with what you're doing and you can do it through me. The Bible also talks about that before God reveals, before God does anything, he reveals it. The Bible says to his servants, the prophets, it's not even about people being prophets per se, but that there is this prophetic stream that someone needs to be aware of what God wants to do so that they can partner with him in prayer. And so when God reveals something to you in a dream, God doesn't speak to gossip or just to be like, Hey, heads up, he speaks. So that there is partnership, there is something that needs to be canceled. There is something that needs to change. I'll give you an example.


I had a dream one day. And in the dream I saw a calendar. And on the calendar there was a particular date circled in red. And then in the dream I hear, pray for your brother concerning that day. So I wake up from the dream, my brother's in Chicago, he flips properties in Chicago, And, I. Tell him I was like, Hey, on this day, be really careful about your movements, right? And so I just start praying And, I, just start praying for God's protection over him. I'm like, whatever has been assigned to his life. 'cause I literally saw death and I'm like, whatever is trying to You know, take him before his time. God just cancel it in prayer. That day comes, my brother is going to his property, just a regular checkup and a car starts following him.


He didn't notice it at first. And then he makes a turn. He's like, wait, let me just make sure he makes a random turn. They turn, he makes a left turn, they turn left, he makes another right turn. They turn right. And then he looks and he's like, oh, they're probably trying to like steal from him. And this is Chicago. Chicago even they might wanna steal bread from you and shoot you You know. So now he's like, he just comes to a place where he's like, okay, like God gimme wisdom and how to navigate this. And he, he mentioned like he didn't even know something just took over and almost like telling him how to, how to drive right? And then he loses them. So he calls me right after. He was like, yo, the craziest thing happened today. And I told him. I said, bro, what's today? And I'm like, go back to go back to the message I sent you.


I'm like, what's today? And he looks, it was that day that God literally showed me in the dream circled in red. So how I partnered with God was to say, God, your purpose is that nothing happens to my brother, but someone on earth needs to come in agreement with that because there's something. Because even when you look at terrorist shootings and all these things, it goes beyond a person. You know a mental health issue. You have someone who is influenced by a spirit to do that. Mm. And so that day why God gave a warning ahead of time is because there is something that is beyond people just trying to steal from him. There is a spirit that has influenced those people because of an agenda that was not of God. And so that is why prayer is important.


When you see a dream and you see your yourself dying or you see a family member dying, doing nothing is coming in agreement with that narrative. And and so pray against it. Pray against it. And with Jesus is so simple. It's not even like you gotta do all this hoopla. It's literally coming in agreement to say, I You know what Lord, I'm speaking life. Be into this person's life. That's right. No harm will come before them. And so that shows us the supernatural powers of God that even when we feel like we got it all together, he's like, no, if I partner with you, we could, you could, you would really get this life right. The reason why when another common dream is when people see themselves in school or in a classroom and they're trying to take a test and they keep failing the test because God is trying to tell them, Hey, there's a different season of life you're supposed to be stepping into and you're you, you're, you're not, you're, you're missing it, right?


You're still in an old season and you're still stuck there. And so he's trying to show people like, there's more I have for you. But because you're not seeing it right? You're so comfortable where you are that you're missing the test to get you to the next place. Talk About If you If you feel comfortable about the time you went to the doctor and God told you something different than what your doctor told You. Oh, that, that happened to me. You know. So when I was pregnant, I have a, I have a daughter. When I was pregnant with my daughter, I started experiencing like a lot of pain. And You know we go rush, go to the go to the we our ob GYN rather. And he's like trying to You know, even confirm the pregnancy. And he's like, man, I don't see a pregnancy here.


I just see some things that does not look good. Like you need to go to the er. So we rush to the er, they tell me that I have like these fibroids that have gone You know, gotten really big because of the pregnancy and the blood flow going like to the womb. So they You know we share the results with the doctor. And he literally calls me, he was like, because of the size of these fibroids, because of the location of these fibroids, you need to terminate the pregnancy and you need to terminate this. Because his, he from his analysis, the the baby won't have room to grow and the fibroids could cause and even if You know we take the baby to term, the bleeding is gonna be too excessive.


And he was like, and he called back to back, he was like, I'm telling you, you need to terminate this and try again. Let terminate it. Let's take the fibroids out and try again. Now before that, how I even knew I was pregnant now from nine I started seeing angels and all of all those things. So right before I found out I was pregnant, I was in my closet, I was getting ready for something and this angel appears in my closet and doesn't speak, they don't speak like how, how we are talking. It's almost like spirit to spirit. And I just had this knowing that I'm pregnant. And I was like And I run downstairs to my husband. And I was like, babe, I think we're pregnant. So when the doctor is telling me this, and then I used to see my daughter in dreams a lot, And.


I'm like, God, you will not go through all of this just so that I have to terminate this pregnancy. But I also believe that there's some things we experience in life that reminds us that we are not doing life by our own intelligence because that's to be self-dependent. But I'm doing life with God. So there are things I'm gonna experience in life that only God can see me through it. And he designed it to be that way. And so I remember like I'm still in a lot of pain, And, I, just like I'm praying and calling out to God and that night I have a dream and the Lord comes to me and says the two key things he says, no harm is gonna come to your child. And he hands me a Bible. And when I woke up, I knew that the Bible was represented.


Stand on my word. So then I started opening scriptures, I spoke about healing and I'm like, okay, God, no harm will come to her. And this is what your word says about healing. And so I got another ob, GYN 'cause I'm like, God has shown me like no harm is gonna come to this child. And the other ob, GYN, she was like, You know I'm gonna be optimistic, but I'm gonna tell you there is a scare and a concern. So we need to get a specialist, doctor You know, involved and we need to watch this carefully. All of a sudden everything that was a concern started being reversed. So initially they're like, we don't have the, you're gonna have room for this baby to grill. The doctor is like, oh, you got room for two You know there were things about the what?


The location of the fibroids. The fibroids said that moving on their own, they started calling my daughter a soccer player. They're like, she's just kicking them up and down. Wow. Everything that they said, God turned it around. Yeah, You know. But the key thing is getting that word from God. And. I believe. That's why in the busyness of our lives, God still finds that place when we're sleeping to speak to us and show us. Like I know everything in your world is telling you this is not gonna work, but I'm showing you that I'm with you. You, you talk about in the book about how the Bible, the Bible and science talk about the benefits of good getting good night's sleep. Yeah. What, what, what? Break that down. I never heard that from the Bible perspective. Yeah, because biblically You know we are body, soul, and spirit. And, I think so many times, even in like Christianity, we only focus on like You know the things we gotta do, like the spirit realm, the soul realm.


But there is a like your body and in other for you have to be a good steward over your body. You know you have to, there are things that even as believers is just as important in eat eating well just as important as working out because the body is, the vehicle is the thing that carries your spirit is the thing that embodies your soul. So if your body's not healthy, that's not good stewardship You know. So when you're able to get proper rest and it's, there's such a connection between You know science and even You know our spirituality because from a scientific stand,


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play. And a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Hi, I'm ESI Cup. And. I have spent the last 20 plus years knee deep in politics in the news, I've covered some really tough subjects from war to genocide to six presidential elections. Way too much. Trump and You. know what? I need a break, like a mental health break from the news, from the triggering headlines. And I kind of suspect. Some of you listening out there might need a break too. So my new podcast is gonna be just that, a fun and loose space where I talk to my famous friends and people I admire about all the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. I did not really rebel in the sixties. I had no sex in the seventies. What I made no money in the eighties. So when true crime came along, I missed that trend too. So many great guests are joining me from Josh Menowitz to Larry Wilmore, to Molly Jung Fast to Josh Gadd. I'm so excited that you have this platform, And I am just like hoping that I don't destroy the platform in its earliest stages. Listen to Off the Cuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Hey friends, Hey friends, I'm Jessica Capshaw and this Is Camilla Luddington. And we have a new podcast. Call it What it Is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because I don't know, let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on That in-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to call it what it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


In point, when you don't have enough rest, you have brain fog that that affects your ability to even remember your dreams. Because when you wake up and you come out of this place where you had an encounter or X, Y, and Z, your body needs to be healthy enough to process what was just deposited. And so if you're not getting enough rest, it's very similar to You. know a computer like If, you only allow your computer to die bef every single time it causes memory loss over time. Same thing. If. you only go to bed when you feel like shut down, like you're ex completely exhausted and you just crash. It's harder for you to remember your dreams because that also affects memory loss.


You know when you're waking up from those moments. And so being a good steward is looking at every part. Even the Bible talks about You know when the Lord talks about you prospering, You know in all things, right? Not just in your spirit, but in your soul. In your body. So there's a scripture that talks about bring your whole body, your whole soul and your whole spirit blameless before God. So he's after everything that be a good steward because it all connects. There's a part of your book where you talk about a part two, like the, I guess it's part three of part, I mean part four of part two, the source of your dreams. Are there bad sources of dreams where it's like it, this dream comes from this, you should not try And interpret it and leave it there.


No, absolutely. And the key thing, sometimes you may not even know exactly where the dream came from because there's some things that people call nightmares and they're really warning dreams. So when you, that's why like I go, I have this whole process of like You know step by step when it comes to interpreting. And there's a part where by that time you, you might be able to discern like, did this come from God? Did this come from the enemy? But in the beginning I always tell people, write every dream down. Because on surface level you may never see it right until you get into the weeds of it. But a dream can literally come from Satan. And how that happens is based on what you agree with You know the Bible talks about how can two people walk together except they be agreed? And we don't find out, we don't, we don't recognize the times where we are opening ourselves up to agreement with things that come from a demonic realm.


And what that looks like is some horror movies even in the industry, they will tell you, there are directors that will literally tell you that when they were writing the script, they were real spells, real You know, real spells in witchcraft used in the script. And so when you're watching the movie before going to bed or in the afternoon, you are opening yourself up to something that is beyond entertainment. And then when you go to bed, now you start having some weird dreams and you're like, wait, where did this come from? Like, what is going on here? Because there was an access given to that You know. It's the same reason why someone would just start having like, there are these weird scenarios. Like even when you think of You know families, for example, like when people wanna question You know things with the demonic.


And when you see some weird patterns in families, You know every man at this age, something happened to them. The moment they hit 30, this happened to 'em, the moment they hit 40, this happened to them all the way back to their great-great-grandfather. But that shows you demonic influence. And how it happens for us is that there are all kinds of things, whether it's in media, it's in You, know the things that we're consuming, reading, watching, listening to, and we don't see that we're opening ourselves up. And then the enemy starts showing us things in dreams that we are like, wait, how? Like where's this coming from? You know. What about Deja? Vu? Oh, Deja. Vu I, I think has been so misinterpreted. You know when people think Deja Vu, they make it seem like spooky.


And it's really not. You know you're dealing with a God who knew your end from your beginning. And there are times most people have Deja Vu doing the most random things. Yes. It's like you're shopping and then you're like, like, And a feeling comes over you. Like, I've been here, I've been here. Like what is happening? And what God is communicating to that person oftentimes is your life may feel mundane, your life may feel boring. You may feel like there's nothing going on for me, me, but this place in your life, I wrote it even before you were born. I knew this moment in your life. And it's a, it's an encouragement to people to know that even though it just feels like nothing is really happening or I, I don't feel like I'm, I'm where I'm supposed to be.


God is showing you, but this moment of your life is known by me. You're on track. You're in the right place at the right time. I know somebody told me a long time ago, now the power of dreams is fascinating 'cause I do believe that it's just, it's God speaking to us. I think it's glimpses into other, other dimensions. Like I've, I've never had somebody that I was close to pass and they haven't visited me in a dream. At least, at least once. Yeah. And some of 'em are more clear than others, right? Like my grandmother came to me and told me she saw my niece when my niece was born, right? Or my, my homegirl Michelle came to me and told me, thank you for something right, And, I've had, but my, my homegirl jazz came to me in a dream I went chasing after her. She didn't wanna be bothered. That's the only one outta all of 'em that confused me.


That's a good thing. She literally didn't wanna be boss. She was like, leave me Alone. No, but that's a great thing because in a, again, when dreams with people that have passed on, the things that you should be worried about, If, you see in the dream is if they're leading you somewhere, if you're chasing them and they're kind of telling you, come on. If they're driving a car and you're in the car, those are scared. You should pray about that. So you chasing her and she's like, leave me alone is so that because where she's going, you should not be there because you still have an assignment on this earth. So you chasing her is almost like you're trying to like, Hey, let me go with you. And she's like, no, no, no, no, no. So it's not even about her not wanting to be bothered, it's the spirit behind that.


Like, yo, you should not be wearing I'm at right now. So I, I think it'll be interesting If, you think back on where you were in that time of life. Headspace. Because that could even speak to you about why you saw that in your dream. What about car accidents? Car accidents is something to really like pray for just for direction in your life. If, you was a passenger. You know I wasn't driving, but it was a car. Oh, If. you were a passenger. Yeah. Who then? Like, it depends on, I was actually in a bus who was driving? You were in a bus. Yeah. Okay, explain the dream. Let's do a dissection. I was, I was just in a bus. And, I. Don't remember. For some reason, I, I feel like I remember the person being intoxicated that was driving the bus. I don't know why that was a thing. Yeah, And I was on a bus and then the bus went, it started driving, then it started to like fishtail and then it flipped over.


Yeah. So when you are looking like a bus, when it's a car, it's very, some, a lot. Oftentimes it's more personal, right? When you're looking at a bus and you're looking at a corporate setting, and then the person who is in leading driving the bus is not even in their right mind. So they're intoxicated. So that could speak to several things. One, it could speak to something that you are a part of that is like, it could be a corporation, it could be something that you're connected to, something that has a corporate setting to it. But the person who is in charge, whether it's the CEO, whether it's You, know, know whoever is making the decisions, calling the shots. Because everything, anything that ha everything in life has movement, right? So even the things you're a part of and the natural, it could just seem like you're a part of a company or you're doing X, Y, and Z, but all of this is speaking to movement in your life.


And so on one hand that could be the Lord showing you like, Hey, this thing you're a part of, the person who is the head is not the person that should be leading this. And If you are connected to this. When they crash, you all are gonna be affected. Mm. Right? So that's one side. Another side of it could also be, and it's just to see where you are in life. What, what is really speaking to you more, right? So you then you examine your life like, hey, what am I part of? What company am I a part of? What business am I involved in? And who is, who is the head? Because whenever this crashes, I'm gonna be involved. Or If you are in a space in your life. 'cause then it's entertainment. And there was something, maybe you were going out in a few weeks and there was a party bus and that could just be a sign where the Lord is like, Hey, don't be a part of that.


So when you also look at what's taking place in your wake in life, it helps you also discern like what God could be speaking to This, like, the conversation with you about dreams in the, in the book feels like how people go and get like, can you read my poem? And can you, but it's, I know it's different. And growing up in a church, my grandma, she don't play that. Like, we're not allowed to do that type of stuff. Yeah. But then pastors will prophesize to you. Why? What is, why can we do one thing but not the other? That's a great question. So when you look at the spiritual realm, just like in life, right? There's good, there's evil, the spiritual realm, there's good, there's evil. So You know when you are doing things from, and evil is really just a counterfeit of that good.


So from a Christian perspective, You know Jesus, God speaks to us, right? And even like prophecy, prophecy again is that it, it is not even like this weird thing. It's literally just accessing the mind of God concerning a person. So it's just like, if you're praying, let's say you're praying for envy, right? And you're like, God, what are your thoughts about envy? And then all of a sudden, and we all have access to this, when you have the Holy Spirit, because there's so many things God wants to show you about people. And so it's just like, God, what are your thoughts about envy? And then the Holy Spirit might start showing you things about him. It's a rock Baby oil envy. That is not your portion.


Shout me. Get it together. This is what I pray. And, I prayed is what God shows. Envy, Envy. This is not No, no, but you Gotta, you also gotta figure out like when somebody's being evil or they joke like, 'cause she could pray for her eyelashes, right? And it's to the point where it's, it's like, just joke too much. No, there's no baby oil with me. Continue on when being serious, Snoop, none of that Too much. What's wrong with You? What's wrong with you? But then You knocked, you almost knocked. But the beauty is it's coming from God, right? And what comes from him, it's for your good. This is, and first of all, it is the source that you can trust, right? Because it's the source that created you. It's a source that knows your life.


It is the source that is for you. When you go to someone reading your poems, a tar card reader, a psychic, the source is demonic. Now, I grew up, I grew up in Nigeria, And, I, we've seen it all. I've seen it even in from, from even some family members, right? Who are not on the other side. But the source of that is very demonic. And, and the goal, so for example, someone goes to a psychic. The psychic can tell you everything about your life that has been is known what your grandmother wore when she You know she got married. It's a known information in the spiritual realm. So yes, God can reveal that to someone, but the enemy can also reveal that to someone as well.


The enemy can tell someone where you live, your address, how many kids you have, what you were doing yesterday, because it's past information, it's past knowledge, it's known now when you don't know. That's why the Bible even says you shall know them by their fruits, not by what they tell you, not by the fact that they have knowledge about you, because many people can have knowledge about you, but the source of it can either be demonic or it can be God, right? But the motive is where it changes. So when you're receiving a message that's coming from God, the motive is for your growth, right? Jesus would say that I have come to give you life and life more abundantly. But then when it comes to Satan, he has come to steal, kill, and destroy.


So the psychic comes, you go, someone goes to a psychic. The psychic tells them what their grandfather wore when they died, they start crying. Now they're open. They're like, oh my gosh, how did You know? And the psychic just keeps going, keeps going, buys their trust. And the motive is to curse you. It may not happen that day, but it happens over time. Then from there, the psychic would say, oh, you're gonna have three marriages. But what did they just do? They cursed your first marriage. Mm. So they just spoke to you that you'll get married the first time, but it's not gonna work out. You'll get married the second time, it's not gonna work out. And then you're gonna get married the third time. So they just, and you're in agreement with it, you're eating it up. So you literally open yourself up for them to curse you.


So it takes, they wanna get you in. And then, but the spirit behind it, Satan cannot, can only take you where he's going. He cannot give you anything else. So he can tell you all these nice things you want to hear, but after they buy your trust, then they start telling you things that now you're scared. You're like, oh my gosh. You're like, no, but X, Y, and Z. But what they're doing, the the, the motive of that is to get you off track. Yeah. It's so that you don't know where you're sup. Like you, you're not walking in the path that God has for you. And that's the difference. Question You know when, when people do pray is some of the prayers frivolous. And like for instance, like if somebody prays for their team, right? Not pray to be healthy or to be safe during the game, or pray their team wins, or Lauren prays for a man or Charlemagne praise would be a little taller.


I've never prayed for that ever. Like, Like how, how do, how do those type of prayers work when it comes to it? Is it one of those things where write it off? Or is it one of those things to to honestly to pray for things that, like I pray that the Giants win next week. It's, that's not a real prayer or is It? No, I think wherever God is so kind, You know, just like when you have a kid, when a, when a child is a baby, You know they, they wanna get into all kinds of things. You don't get mad about that. There's some things they wanna get into. If it doesn't really hurt them, you even help them. Like, here, let me lift you up so you can paint the wall. You know That's right. Yeah. As you get older, you naturally grow to a place where you're like, I don't wanna paint the couch, let me paint on a paper.


Right? The same thing in our walk with God. When you come to know the Lord in the beginning, those beginning stages of growing and getting to know him, there are random things you can ask for. And sometimes he would just randomly do them. You know. And there's some things you hope Lauren You know, like, oh, I got hope I'm, I'm not worried about these people at all. But it's like God is just so kind in that way. Now it doesn't mean that just because you're like, man, I pray the giants win. And God is like, okay, the giants are gonna win. But as you grow in God, you start to understand that You know the power of prayer is when you pray in alignment with his will. But you have to first know his will. So that takes maturity, right? But when you're still in that like You know stage of being like a baby, there are random things you could ask.


And sometimes he will do some random things just to show you he hears you and he loves you. How can he follow you Stephanie? Well Look, first I gotta pick up the book. Yes, I'm gonna get to that. But I wanna know Follow book Church. Yeah. It's so crazy you being here. I used to watch you preach. Come on in person when I was at la. I love that. No, I'm on Instagram. Stephanie, E-K-I-K-E and then I have a YouTube channel. Stephanie, EK. ok. Four. Yeah. TikTok. Stephanie K ok. Four. Yeah. You preach at Torah and Sarah Church, right? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Yep. What's the name of that church? One. One Church. Church One. Church one. In The name of the book and where people could get it. The Power. The Power. Of Your, Dreams of Your Dreams. And it's available everywhere. Books. So then it has a Spanish edition coming out in November.


A guide to Hearing and Understanding How God Speaks While You Sleep. While You Sleep For, Right. Well, before we get up outta here, let's, let's close on a prayer. Yes. Yes, yes. And even before we close, I just wanna share a few things. 'cause every time I come to a place, I'm always asking the Lord just to show me like what he's showing about. Not just the people that will listen to this, but the people that are on here. And very quickly Charlemagne. Even when you share that story about what you saw as a teenager, there is a protection that has always been around your life. And, and this is a general, everybody has God protecting them. But what I'm saying is that what God showed me concerning you is when you think about some of the things that you got yourself involved in, you should not by any, right.


Be where you are today. And there is a covering. There are things that God has saved you from. There are things that God has protected you from when you think of your physical life and also your image. And it's because there is an, there is something very unique. There's a very unique assignment to your life that has to be fulfilled. And. I believe that it's, it's not things that you, the way he showed me, it's almost as though, because you're a very smart man, you might see it and you, you'll question yourself out of it. And it would be your kids that will tell you what it is and to not discount their voices when they tell you like, Hey Dad, you sh I think you're supposed to do da dah, dah dah, dah.


But it's literally the voice of God to you because there's something that God has been preserving you for that you must do on this earth. And what he showed me is that the confirmation of what that is, you wouldn't You know it, but you reject it. But your kids will be the one that will tell you that very thing. And when they do, and maybe they have walk in that path because there is, you're gonna see so much favor beyond what you've ever known. And. I, receive it. Amen. Thank you. And even when I was praying, first of all, I love You know how you've been on the show. Oh, thank you. And you, there's just such like this journalist and maybe you, I don't know, If you are.


Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. Because I'm like, oh my gosh. Like how she thinks, how she speaks. When I was in LA I was at, I was at TMZ. That's, I was there. You're TMZ. Oh, amazing. But y'all used to help me. 'cause my weeks, my weeks would be rough. Amazing. And. I would come in there and you would be on, you were always so happy. Oh, I thank you. But even when I saw concerning you was how like God is gonna bring you in. There are rooms, whether it's like The, Breakfast, Club and different things. Whether there are rooms that God is gonna bring you in. And there is such a light about you. There you are. You are more grounding into the word than people know you to be. But the reason that God is opening doors for you is because of the word that he's put in you. And so it goes beyond what's on your resume. It goes beyond what you have experienced. And it goes beyond the people that You know, but that to not, to not shy away from speaking his word, to not shy away.


There are moments I just kept seeing how the Holy Spirit would even give you words about people. Like you'll be around them and there's something you're sensing, but it's like, should I say it? Should I not say it? Yeah. And he's like, no, but that's why I brought you in the room so that you can say what I put in your heart. It's beyond me just adding something else to your resume. It's because I need your I. There's an influence that sometimes we would have because of the word God wants to get out there. And. I, remember even as I was, God showed me this, not you. If anyone who knows the story, I'm not talking about you in the way of Pharaoh, but it was literally like Pharaoh in the times of Egypt where there was gonna be a famine. And the person God brought the word to was not Joseph, the person who was like walking with the Lord, but it was Pharaoh because he had influence over nations.


He had influence to execute the plan of God. And then Joseph was able to interpret the dream that helped him to do that. But when he showed me this, it was in the sense where God will bring you to places because you have influence in the room. You have influence with people, but it's because of what he wants you to execute with your voice. So to not shy away from that and then finally DJ envy with you. It was, it was so beautiful because the first thing I saw was God's love. And it was almost this thing where you not, it's like you had this wall, right? And it's like you are used to protecting yourself.


You're used to kind of like keeping people out so you can control the narrative. But as you're doing that, you're also keeping yourself out of the reckless love of God and how he wants to show up for you. And what I kept seeing was, yes, you have questions. Yes, there are things. 'cause I saw it almost like where You know, even when it comes to faith, like one of the things is like You know. But if this person who didn't know you dies, like what happens to them You know where you have all these questions that are intelligent and smart questions, but to really step into the why behind it requires surrender. And what I just kept showing, what God kept showing me was you come into a deeper place of surrender in your life and it is going to open, it literally felt like a dam bursting out what he wants to do because there are many things he wants to bring you into that you don't even know about yourself yet.


But that If, you have this wall, then it's not just keeping people out, it's keeping his voice out. It's keeping his word out. But I just saw like this love of God that is chasing after you. And it was almost like someone just like, Hey, let me in. I'm right here. And regardless of the things you've experienced in life, there are answers that it's almost like they're questions. He's not afraid to answer, but you have to. There's a will, there's a surrender that needs to take place first. Okay. Thank you. I Receive it. Thank you. Amen. Let's, let's pray before we get up outta here. Yes, Yes, yes. Heavenly Father, we thank you for just everything you've done in this moment. Lord God, we thank you even in talking about this book because it's really not about just getting a book out, but it's really about getting people to be awakened to knowing that you speak and you desire to speak to them, whe whether they're awake or whether they're asleep, but even the power of their dreams.


Many people are ignoring their dreams in this time. And there are words you're trying to alert them about their warnings. You wanna make them aware of. There are ways you wanna prepare them. There are ways you wanna encourage them. And so, Lord, I just pray that you will continue to be glorified in, in and through everything that we do. We love you Lord. We thank you in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, thank you very much. Yes, thank you Pastor Stephanie Eek. Yes, all come on. It's The, Breakfast, Club, come on. Thank you. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hi, I'm Esy Cup and I've spent my career interviewing people about politics, presidential elections, and some really tough breaking news. But now I need a break. And I, think you do too. So on my new podcast off the Cup, I'll still be interviewing people usually famous and most likely my friends, but about life. You know the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. So come join me every Wednesday for some conversational self-care. Listen to Off the Cuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


My name is Brandon Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author, TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think messy as in I'm human and flaw. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy with brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, I'm Gianna Pante And. I'm JMA Jackson Gadsden. We're the hosts of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think Of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry, poor If. You start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation. Then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, Amy Robach here along with TJ Holmes, and we have a very exciting announcement to make to all of you. We are now going to be coming to you Monday through Friday for a new part of our Amy and TJ franchise, If. you will the morning run. We're gonna help listeners navigate the busy news cycle and the historic political season that the country is facing. And we're gonna do this now each and every day. Listen to Morning Run on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm Jessica Capshaw and this is Camilla Ludington and we have a new podcast. Call it What it is. You may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did You know that we are actually besties in real life? And as All besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to call it what it is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.