
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is the act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowes Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you want a shortcut? To the best version of you, here it is. Feed the Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, The best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is here with us this morning and we got some special guests in the building. We have Derrick Johnson, the president of the naacp. Welcome, be here. We have Scott Mill, CEO of BET. Good morning, thank you for having me. And we have a friend to the room. Cousin to the room. Chloe Bailey. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back. Hello. How you feeling? How's everybody? Fantastic. Cold, Cold, cold. Oh, you must not be from New York then. Hey, I came up from Mississippi, man. Oh yeah, That's where y'all based out Of? No, no, no. I live in Jackson, Mississippi, but the headquarters. Baltimore. Yeah. Got you.


Office of LA and New York and Baltimore. Got You. All right, so we're talking about the NAACP Image Awards live, which goes down February 22nd. And you guys have released some of the nominations this morning and you about to tell us who's gonna be the host. Actually, we're not yet disclosing Those. Oh, okay. I tried. I tried. We assume it is Chloe since She here. Press run. Y'all got her on the press run. There you go. You know, it's hard to be both a nominee and a host, so That is correct. It's a first for everything. Why are you with them, Chloe? Like why Are you with them? Why are you with them? People we're family. We're family. We're definitely family. You know, growing up as well, CS And I, we would go and sing a lot of times.


Yes. At, you know, the events in Florida several times and things like that. And it was just really special to be a part of this today with Praise this the movie I did with Will Packer winning last year. And you know, it was a surprise to me today as we were announcing some of the nominations. I got another nomination. Congratulations. Oh, congratulations. You know that prior to Oh no, God is good. There you go. Grateful. I think the first time you all joined us in a CP you like 11, 12. Yeah. Something like Yeah. Babies. Babies. Oh yeah. Well I think it's important for you to be here with them, especially putting your voice on it. 'cause I think there's always a conversation around like the award shows that we have and whether people and, and what level of celebrity supported or nothmm. So I think you being here in, you know, being kinda like a face of it helps that some too.


Right? Are you, are you at all like in working with the NAACP in these image awards? Are you at all getting out there for other award shows and just kind of being a champion of that? Like in calling your friends and being like, Hey, y'all need to make sure y'all show up. Like which celebrities are you? Like, hey, make sure you show up. Particularly Beyonce called Beyonce came to the Na XP awards before her and Jersey. Yes, Absolutely. I know we getting there. Yeah. I think this one is really especially important because it is honoring us and all of our blackness and you know, sometimes it's hard in this world and society today to not feel valued or feel worthy enough. But definitely in this space at the Image Awards, you know, we are celebrating one another for not only our skin tone, but also the incredible art that we put into The World.


Yeah, I was gonna ask, is it very difficult to get some of our celebrities act actresses and, and sports? Actually I've not been, since we partnered with BET, we have not had a problem getting a-listers. Our biggest issue is the conflict in schedule because during war seasons there's so many things going on. You got NBA All Star, you got the Super Bowl. But in terms of securing a-listers, we have not had A problem. And how do we bring a award shows back to where it used to be? Right? I remember as a kid growing up, Money. Money, that's perfect, perfect way. Talk about It. Money. Because growing Up as a kid, that's what we look, we expired to watch. We expired to, we, we wanted to see the NAACP awards, we wanted to see the BET awards. And some of our biggest moments culturally came from those events. Soul Train as well.


How do we get back to that? Now you say money, what does that money mean? Emini here, the, the large marketing houses actually put an emphasis on black culture in a way in which it's not exploitive for their product line. But that's supportive of, of, for the culture's sake. What we have seen over time is a devaluing of shows like Soul Train Love, soul Train, but escalation of resources for the Grammys or the Oscars or the Emmys while their, their viewership has been going down, they still investing in it, but then they say your viewership is down. Yeah. You don't invest, but if you invest, people wanna see black entertainment. People wanna appreciate the culture and it's not just in the us it's globally.


I agree with that, but you know, there are some black people who think white ice is cold. There absolutely are Emini here. I think one of the things that was interesting post, you know, that very brief moment of racial renaissance we had in this country post murder of George Floyd, the Black Squares. Right? Right At That moment, the post that when we were preparing to, to do the image awards with the naacp, I would get these calls from journalists and they'd say, is there still a need for the image awards? Mm. Haven't, aren't we beyond that? And I Said, you're so white. Right? Right. And I said, you know, first of all, I think it, it, that suggestion means you really don't understand why the image awards exist. It is not, it doesn't exist because we were excluded from other places.


First and foremost, it is about that our community values being recognized and celebrated by our community and that has absolute value. But the second thing is, what we understand about this country is it's terribly fickle, right? So today, oh yes, we're wonderfully popular and you wanna include us in all of your award shows, but you know, this is not going to sustain. And what the NAACP and the partnership with BET, we have a consistent commitment to celebrating excellence in our community. And that's really what our partnership for the Image Awards is all about. You know, NAACP and BET, they are legacy brands, cultural institutions, but what do they mean to people now? Well in many cases with NAACP is all about advocacy.


Right now, as we sit here, we have several million people who've had their student loans canceled because of the advocate of NACP. When the campaign kicked off. That was our campaign. We white labeled many people use our messaging, our branding. But more important, we recognized that the number one employee of African Americans in this country, well government was through the government and there it was a bill passed on Obama that called public service student loan forgiveness that were not, was utilized. We advocated and got the Biden administration to change it so that more people qualify to get all of their debt forgiven is close to five plus billion dollars that has impacted black households as a result of that. That's what the NAACP means.


But more importantly, we cannot talk about what black folks think. White folks ice colder and we don't support our black institutions. And so we talk about what is their value? What is their relevance? Their relevance and the value is what we put into it, what we invest in it. And far too many people with platforms talk about what we don't have and don't invest in what we actually have. I, I think because organizations especially like naacp, we don't know what they still do. So even you saying that just now, do y'all do a good enough job of marketing that? I don't know what The Breakfast Club do and talk about the work that we do that you And I we can talk about. Because what happens in these scenarios, it is a better and struggle narrative to talk about what we don't have, what we can't do. As opposed to say, you know what, let me check in and find out what they're doing so we can promote this so we can push this.


The value of the black vote is so d devalued in our minds because we don't think it's important enough. What every decision is made is based through the black vote. And the only way we get to the black vote is we collectively put forth the strategy to turn it out in ways in which it is not about the 90 days for the election is right now, looking two years from now is right now looking in November is right now looking four years from now. And that's the power of organizations like the NACP. We, we have to start doing it right now. Talk about what we are, what we are going to do as opposed to talk about what we're not doing. Question for you guys. 'cause even in planning the show, right? So BET works with the NAACP to have the awards, the programmer on the network. People always give you guys a lot of flack for what's on the network and what's not saying that you need better shows or whatever the case may be.


But the award show, the image awards are, it's always a good show in my opinion. How much do you get tired of the conversation of BET doesn't have good stuff to watch, that's why we don't watch it. Well, It's fascinating. I think there are always going to be people who are critical. Yeah. That's the reality of the situation. It's really fun. This morning before coming over, I listened to your best of clip that you guys have online and one of your featured guests was Miss Pat, right? And it was through Lee Daniels reaching out to BET to say, I have this series that only BET can create. The only platform in The World that can actually put this, this series out there is BET. It scares everyone else off. It's an important message. So we looked at it, we love Lee Daniels.


Lee Green lit the series, right? And it actually secured bet's first primetime Emmy nomination because it was a really breakthrough show. And now everybody knows who Miss Pat is and she's going on, we're actually in the fifth season of that show. So, and whether it's that or the nominations that we've received for DR from Detroit, I show write fantastic show. DRR Kilpatrick is an amazing talent and the show is great fun. And the amazing work we do with Tyler Perry, the reality is we have the biggest investment in black focused content than any platform in the country. And even with that, you're never going to be able to satisfy every single audience, right? And so we recognize that there're gonna be things that people love.


There're gonna be things that people wish for. There're gonna be things that, you know, people keep on saying, bring back music, video shows, music, video shows don't work on linear television. That's just the reality of it. So what we focus on is what are the things that actually our audiences are really consuming and enjoying? So Tyler Perry's sisters, we're going into the eighth season. It is the single most watched show among black people on all of television, not all of cable, all of television. That's a fact, right? So more than anything on broadcast television. So people say, oh, you know, there'll be some people who complain about BET, but the fact that we have the single most watched show in black households. So that is a long way of saying we are always striving to be more inclusive.


So we created our streaming platform, BET plus to be able to create even more content, speak to diverse audiences. We think our tent poles, like the NAACP image awards, like the BET awards, which this year is gonna celebrate its 25th anniversary, if you can believe that. We think our tent poles are those to their name. They are the things that allow us to bring a huge cross section of the community together to come and celebrate what's really important to us as a community. One of the things this year, over 3 million folks tuned in, sorry, as over 3 million folks moved in, sorry, tuned into the BET awards in 2024. And if you think about that, it means it's the single largest gathering of black people for a black event in the country, right?


There's nothing else that 3 million Blackfoot folks show up for. That is a specifically black event. And so you still have this opportunity to catalyze, mobilize, and engage our community. And you just have to be very thoughtful and have great partners like the naacp. Does your host help you pick the theme of the year? Our stories are culture, our excellence, the, does the host have any say in that? Well that's actually, let's, I'll let Derek speak to that first. Okay. Yeah. We, we, we, every year we identify what, what should be the theme that resonate. We do focus groups to determine what's the pulse of the black community. And we also begin to look at the, the African diaspora, recognizing what we do here, set the tone across the globe. And so the theme, our comms department, they spend a lot of times doing some marketing research and we come up with our theme every year as a result.


What, what does BET mean to your generation, Chloe? Because you're 26. Yes. So can you put her mic up a little bit? I tried ain't anymore. Oh. As far as go. Hello. I think, you know, for me growing up, you know, I'm a music lover. I grew up loving 1 0 6 and park like, I think I could speak for everyone in my generation, you know, I know certain things go into a lot, but that was like the show for me to be inspired to get excited. Like, that was it. Like I'd run home from school and that's what I'd put on. So I was used to seeing people who looked like me, who were succeeding in a field that I wanted to succeed in one day. So BET has always had a, a special place in my heart, especially think of all the groundbreaking performances like, you know, when Beyonce had her incredible performance on there.


Yeah. You know, I'm so grateful that I got to be on that stage two, three times. One of my favorite performances that I did on there was on BET, it was like this surprise, treat me mashup. So it's like, I feel like BET gives a platform for all black artists, whether they are at the top of their game or whether they're rising. And I think it's really special to have that support. So when you hear that, Scott, what do you think? So as a CEO, so I love it and one of the things that we focus on is we understand people love 1 0 6 and Park, right? And so the fact that it's, it doesn't work as a linear television show, doesn't mean 1 0 6 and Park is over because we can bring 1 0 6 and park back as a podcast. We can bring 1 0 6 and park back as a digital experience and we can just, we, we are evolving what 1 0 6 and Park will look like in 2025, because it does have that very important role.


Oh, so y'all are bringing, does It happen? I've heard, I've heard that you guys are trying to figure out a show like that. Yes. And we've got, we've got a number of really exciting executions because it's also, we're approaching the 25th anniversary of 1 0 6 and park as well. So, so we, we will, we'll get A little bit ad free on that 25 Year, you know, we, we will, we will, you'll, there'll be some things that you guys will be really excited about and we look forward to coming back and talk to you about 1 0 6 appointment with AJ Free. There you go. There you go. Noted. The, so, but I think the other thing that, that Chloe shared that is so important is we at BET exist to be in service of our community and our culture. That's what we exist for. And we, we, we, we understand that there's a broad ecosystem of different institutions and individuals that make up our community and our culture, and we are part of that broader landscape and that broader ecosystem.


And we play a supporting complementary role to our community and our ecosystem. And whether that's celebrating black excellence, whether that's mobilizing our community around important events, whether that's coming to the aid of our community post, you know, in the face of Covid. But to Chloe's very specific point, one of the things that our team loves is to be a platform that both celebrates our most successful artists who are absolutely at the pinnacle of their careers. And simultaneously to identify and support those emerging artists, to give them the platform. Because we were so many artists very first time to be on television, right? So many artists, very first time to perform the number of managers and, and label executives who come up and say, you know, we are so appreciative to be back at the BET awards because this is where our talent x, y, Z got their very first break that really resonates with our team.


Does Talent still appreciate BET Talent does? Talent does, the Young Guard talent does what, what you'll have is the, The World is absolutely changing, right? The role that television plays, the role that media plays is absolutely changing and we all have to accept that. And so for the BET awards, we have, if you think about young artists, right? In 2024, we had a huge array of young artists who are out. And you think about even all the young artists who came out to celebrate Usher. So it is artists absolutely value the platform and artists absolutely support the platform. And what we do is then extend that from television across digital, across streaming platforms so that we can be present and relevant everywhere that's important to our audience.


Can you tell us some of the performers that you guys have planned for the NAACP Awards? We will be revealing performers as we get closer. We're gonna, we, we are doing a rollout now, and it it is very intentional because we are trying to build the audience, the platforms by which people consume information is shifting every month. You know, as you know, we grew up listening to the Tom Joy, the Morning show, breakfast Club took it over. Well quite frankly, that's gonna be a podcast to take over Breakfast Club. And so we are 106. Whoa, What's happening? First of all, breakfast Club did not take over. Tom Joiner. Tom Joiner retired on his own accord. No, no, no, no Audience.


Tom Joiner was urban adult contemporary. He came to the 25 54 demo. We came around 18 to 24. And The Breakfast Club is a podcast, not just a podcast. We're the number one black podcast in The World. And having for 8, 9, 9 Years, you, you do everything perfect, but somebody gonna do it better later. Is that gonna be next month they come up or is it gonna be next year? You're doing everything perfect. Why do, Do we do that as black people? I don't know, you started that. Just ask questions about you need something to replace something. Why all of these things can't coexist as one. It can coexist, but I I'm, I'm, I'm responding to the tone of the tone is we have legacy organizations, we have media companies that have have been a flag part of our community.


We have a show we are on now with a podcast has been excellent. We had other shows that sunsetted it is a part of the ecosystem of who we are as a community and we should meet people where they are. Well, who's Replaced the naacp Derrick? That's a good question. They ain't ready. But that's what Emini here, when I'm saying that like why do we do that as a, as a people like, oh this replace that. Like no, everything can coexist as one. You And I we we absolutely agree. Yeah, but the tone set was something differently, right? So if she is 26 and she can appreciate 1 0 6 and park, there's someone who's in a CP, but if an A CP is not the right vehicle or voice for them, I support them choosing the right vehicle voice. Because in the social justice movement, it's not a competition, it's an opportunity for our voices to be heard.


Inter entertainment community is not a competition. It is an opportunity for our voices, our culture to be, to be experienced. And that's how we should be approaching all of this. And so where BET right now is in the industry that's shrinking over overall, what Scott is doing is trying to figure out, okay, how do we continue to advance our culture and our voice where NACP we are in a political dynamic that has shift. It is our job being the largest organizations in 47 states to continue to evolve with that. We're not going anywhere. I don't want The Breakfast Club to go anywhere. BET shouldn't go anywhere. We should all be leaning to our culture, our opportunity, and our voice. Well, I I I agree These institutions shouldn't go anywhere, but I do think they do have to evolve.


Like I doubt absolutely, I doubt I'll always be here as a host. I doubt envy always be here as a host, right? People like Lauren, the Justice will take over and, and everything. But when it comes to the NAACP or any of these institutions whose job is it to tell our own stories? Us it's our job, right? Yes. And that's why when we took over, we, we saw the partnership with BTB on par p Paramount, we have a joint venture with p Paramount tv, we will have a soap opera air next month on the 22nd on CBS daytime. We are working, we are about to launch our podcast is we have to evolve that I, our revenue streams have to evolve. How we approach this. Organizations should not be driven by personality. It should be driven by mission and strategy. I agree. So we all have to evolve. Absolutely. Right?


And I think to underscore that point, so BET celebrating its 45th anniversary this year, right? You don't typically think of 45-year-old media companies. The reality is BET has changed radically. Yes. Over that 45 year period. It's had multiple leaders over that 45 year period. It's gone from being primarily a cable network to a cable network with streaming platforms, with studios, with, with digital platforms. So this evolution, this idea of taking all of the things that make BET magical but lens it through the way consumers and our community is engaging content media, The World and evolving our business to reflect that is what we do at BET.


And so the BET today is different from what BET looked like 10 years ago. And the BET 10 years from now will look very different from that. And I think our success has been, you know, we grew the BET awards 10% last year, right? People don't grow viewership That's right. Of award shows, right? And we do that because we're constantly evolving. We're constantly adapting and adjusting what talent is relevant in this moment, what talent's going to appeal to that young person. And then simultaneously, what other talent do you put in the show that's going to appeal to the, to someone who's not as young as that young person so that you can bring the full community together. Let ask you a question, sports doesn't work well on BET does it? Sports Sports works well on linear television.


The challenge is sports rights have gotten insanely expensive because I, I look at all these HBCU, right? I, I DJ the, the Howard Hampton gamers on CBS the other day And I'm watching a lot of these college games on tv And I always thought to myself with all the HBCUs and how it's been a spurge of HBCUs, everybody supporting HBCUs, it was just always weird to me why BET didn't put their arm around and be like, I need all those games here where people actually come there. It's, it's A great question. And in fact, when BET started, BET used to air HBCU games, I'm told that there's footage of Bob Johnson running along the sidelines doing live commentary that's fine at BCU games. So I'm trying to look for it, but the reality is, because of the evolution of college football, that, and, and because of the proliferation of access to sports across all these platforms, that the demand, the viewership interest in HBCU sports right now isn't high enough to kind of support the investment.


Having said that, the entry point that we think is really exciting that, that we're really focused on is you now have a bunch of brothers who went off and played in the NFL have said, we wanna remedy this, this dynamic where, you know, top black athletes feel like they have to go to other schools to be competitive. We wanna remedy that dynamic, right? So you saw, you know, you saw the recent announcements about the brother, the brother Jackson, right? That's our alma mater. Okay, there you go. And so now University, Right? There you go. So, and that, so now the opportunity is we take our footprint, our platform, our relationships, and then we bring them to these luminaries who are going back to these HBCUs and building those teams.


And then we focus on the stories and the people and the journey. And we get a broader community to be excited about this. And we actually use it to build interest in HBCU football. And that we think is the way to actually elevate interest in HBC foot use HBCU football, which will then allow us to bring more games to the network. Are you Still buying BET Scott? I remember there was a, a, a report that came out that said you and the group was gonna Buy. So we never spoke to that as a business, as a corporate matter. So that's all been rumors and speculation. And I am, I am as a corporate matter, we don't speak to rumors and speculations. You can go off media train, I know that. But what I, what I think is really cool about, you know, BET and NAACP coming together is that, you know, to your point, even though it is a competitive field, we can all uplift each other.


And I think that's what the two of your companies have done together. Because we're constantly taught, well I was as a black woman that okay, you can be here in this space, but not too many or not too much. So I think, you know, moving forward for people like me and my generation, it is important for us to see, hey, a lot of us can be in this space. Like we don't have to blow out someone else's light so another one can shine, right? We all can be as successful and lift each other up. Because I feel like what The World has done to us for several years to our ancestors and past generations is that they've continued to just put us down, push us down. So it's like a lot of times we have to get out of like the crabs in the bucket mentality and uplift each other instead of bringing each other down.


That's why y'all got Chloe Here. So that is a beautiful articulation. It's smart. Right, right. Okay, now Chloe, speaking of seeing Yes, you bringing a date to the NAACP Awards? My Godmom and my manager. Okay, so we must see. No, we must see no more Burna Boy, You'll have to ask him. You. He's, you're here. He's not, Oh, No's not nominated. Now he's not nominated. But you look at the sheet, he not on there. Chloe's on there, there. But I'm speaking of support and you know, we were sending you out with him in Nigeria. So is that a new thing or Nigeria was so beautiful. I've heard I had the best time.


I've heard. What did you eat? Ooh, I had some good food. I had pepper soup, I had lots of spicy chicken. Okay, Really good. Sasha. Do the spicy chicken when I go. Yes, It was really good. I really had a great Time. What about the nightlife? We saw you in the club with Burna. Yes, the nightlife. It was so many lights, so many colors, So many cameras. I know so many Cameras, you know, with be all like everything with you when you're, because that's what you trying to ask. Lauren was gonna Emini here now is Burna Boy we wanna know, is that your boo? Is this a thing y'all together? Do y'all go together real bad, y'all just having fun. What is It?


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. Is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk eng.co/audio.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I'm not here to roast you, I'm here to overshare everything that went down at the Golden Globes last Sunday. Everyone is already talking about what happened on air at the Golden Globes, but you are going to hear about what happened off air from the horse's mouth. Yes, I'm the horse. Me, Nikki Glaser. Join me on my podcast, the Nikki Glaser podcast where I will be telling you all the details. I can finally relax with my besties, my listeners and dish. What happened backstage? What went down? The things people are already talking about, the things that people should be talking about. I've got it all from what it took to prep for the Golden Globes to the behind the scenes of the Golden Globe. What went down in the rehearsals? Who said what at the after party, who I saw at the after party who was dancing with who I'm gonna spill it. All secrets will be revealed. You do not wanna miss this episode. Listen to the Nikki Glaser podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Well I'm a grown woman so you don't I had a great time in Nigeria. I really did. So I guess I'm not gonna get an answer on if you cared about the, when you left, there was the video, people were like, oh my god, the Chloe time is over now he's out with this random other girl. What? I Didn't see that Burna Boy Burna Boy. He, yeah, he was out with a random other girl. You Was snitch because I didn't even see that. We snitched all Over the internet all over that. But it's because we, y'all were so heavily together, we were like, oh shoot, we don't see her do this much. Yeah. And then, yeah, so yeah, He's a grown man. It's like I'm a grown woman, You know? And I couldn't imagine dating at 20 something and being put on the air By being so, being super famous When you were younger.


Somebody video you Expecting the minute that they finished see her on that carpet, they gonna be looking like 'cause looking for who? I Get it. Anybody, anybody that she's with is always a thing. Anybody she's with, like she, she Could have been going to bible study Emini here. You know Me, you was in there studying the Bible. I would been like, you know what God is good all the time. You know my girl, You can study anytime even in the club. But I'm girl, you know, I got a 20-year-old Doing, I can't imagine her being grilled on live like that by Another woman.


Another. First of all, Chloe, did you feel like I was grilling You? No. No, No, no. Okay. I don't want, I don't ever want you to feel like I'm grilling you. Oh no You don't. And don't get spicy. Chloe is at me times. She Lemme know she him Me many times. But you, I got my pin. I have the questions that I'd be wanting to know 'cause Yeah, No I don't. God Mama done gave you that look. Keep it up twice. No, Me and Godmom has, God mama already got me before so I don I love her. So She gonna let you know though. But No, honestly, I don't mind Emini here. I hate to say this, but it's my life Emini here. It's what I sign up for so I can only expect it. It's just about how I handle it. Yeah. How I handle myself. So I don't think it should ever be pissiness towards the people who ask me.


You know? And I think as a woman watching you navigate it, I'm always interested in how you deal with that. Because for instance, you're here about the NAACP image awards, but it's like, we wanna know that. So we have to ask course. And being a person who's now learning how to be in the, the light of everything. I'm like, how the, how do you deal with that? Plus Her love life is very slow. Chloe like very, I don got a roster. I don she she she Don't come ster you like Boom. Her phone is dry. Dry. Heck. One thing I learned about getting on radio, you're intimidated. Very dry. I am just, I am a wife. All I do is stay home. I just wanna cook. Yeah. You a wife.


Well you got a husband, a wife. She got a husband. Emini here. No would be a wife. She got A husband And I, husband And Whitney. I'm domesticated. This radio has made me be quiet. Okay, well guess what you get is ready for that. I know he is. So it's preparing you for that. No, it not Person. I appreciate it. And Derek and Scott. This what, see what happened. You there? This is coexisting. This is NAACP and BT coming together. This is the girls coming. Yes. I do have to ask a question. I love that. Oh God. Did you have security there? 'cause you seem too accessible to everybody while you were there In Nigeria. Yes ma'am. Oh, they were surrounding me. Oh, okay. All right. Making sure. Oh Yes, surrounding Me. Oh, okay. 'cause they Emini here. You were just two weeks accessible. I'm, it was, every time they posted a video I got scared. I'm like, something's gonna happen bad. But you said security was there.


Oh yeah. All around circle all around making, they treated me so well out there, just Making sure I had a good time. Now back to the NAACP awards spicy Ticket. Now how were these nominees chosen? How, how do you guys choose the nominees and how do you guys go to who's winning and How do y all expand the categories every year? Because you know, things change, right? You got social media personality in now, podcasters, post podcasts. Like how do you expand the categories? So start with the last question. We recognize that, that the industry is changing. So we try to keep up and we add categories, digital content categories, fashion design. There's a panel of close to 500 people, half industry, half non-industry that's been selected across the country.


And those are the individuals that review the materials and they nominate oftentimes, I don't even know what's being nominated too. I I finally get it. And then there are multiple of the categories that have specialized committees like the literary category, youth, a bunch of professors and other people who read a lot of books, right? And so we have those special categories. And then once nominated, some of the categories are voted on by the public. And so it is by popular vote in some areas. And then in other areas is by those who are critics in, in the space to ensure fairness in the outcome. To celebrate the art is both the creativity but also what's popular. It is that mix that we try to stay right there in the middle because something can be really creative and no one will wanna watch it.


And something can be horrible that everyone's watching but have no artistic value. So there is a a mix that we try to balance those two, two things out. Gotcha. I want to ask, when it comes to documentaries, how difficult is it to do documentaries for BET? Right. Because of course we love New Edition, but that was a movie though. Yeah. Yeah, that was a movie. But when I see stuff like everything's shifting to Netflix and taking out a movies, right? You, you seeing a lot of things. But when I see stuff like the Bob Marley movie, right? I was like, more people would've seen it and appreciated probably on BET or when I was hear What movie gonna Van, what movie Van Seen. That was good. I that was good. Wendy Williams died. Wendy Williams. I understand what Envy's saying because like all of these people, like they're great black, so why not be on BET?


Why doesn't BET get that program? So It all depends on what the show is, right? So to the extent that someone's willing to pay a huge number, right? So for example, one of the, one of the series that was nominated in the NAACP image award, see, I'm trying to bring it back. One of the things that was nominated was Fight Night with Will Packer's was on Peacock project with I got nominated. Yes. A ton of nomination. Oh, so you got Nominated. Yeah, that's right. And it has, you know, with, with Kevin and Crew. And the reality is that's an, that's a, it's an extraordinary project with an amazing cast. You know What that started with the iHeartPodcasts, right? I did not know that story. Yeah. It started Pac produced the iHeart True Crime podcast Fight Night.


And then that evolved into, oh, that's Amazing. That's amazing. I'm actually old enough to remember the Sidney Poitier movie that it was, that actually was, was based on that same experience. You guys wasn't Let's do it again, but it was one of those back in the day. But having said that, that's an amazing project that was filled with extraordinary actors from our community, right. And amazing producers and directors from our community. It was also pretty expensive to, to produce. And at the end of the day, peacock was willing to step up and make that commitment. And our view at BET is our objective is not to have everything.


Our objective is actually to support our community. And our role isn't to be the exclusive platform. Our role is to be part of the landscape. Right. So Kevin has a huge relationship with Netflix, obviously. He did this project with Peacock and will have the new Kevin Hart, little Kev animated series on BET plus coming in March. Right? Which is about Kevin's story growing up in Philadelphia. And it's got Wanda Sykes and Dionne Cole and other folks in it. Right? Just Hilarious. Just hilarious. There you go. So the reality is, our view is no, no individual consumes all of their media from a single platform, right?


Those days are over, right? People are snacking here, snacking there, snacking. And what we have to do is we have to be a critical part of that ecosystem. And so again, using Lee Daniels as an example, Lee had empire right on Fox and it was important that Lee had Empire on Fox and we had Miss Pat on BET plus. And that's the, you know, our view is, and we have Tyler Perry, we have the biggest relationship with Tyler Perry, but Tyler also has movies on Amazon. He's got a series on Netflix. And so our view is, our role is to be a part of the ecosystem. And in so doing actually allow everybody in the community to do better, right? There are times where I'll say to talent, they'll come and pitch us on a thing and I'll say, okay, we love this.


If there isn't a home for it somewhere else, we've got you. And, but if you can find a home for it somewhere else, that's going to give you even better economics than the, than the market economics will give you. We support you having that experience as well. So Is money the biggest issue that legacy institutions like BET and NAACP are facing? Well, For us, we're not, you know, squarely in the entertainment industry. So that is not as much about money, but understanding entertainment industry is driven by co companies who are trying to sell products. And so that's what fi finance, both documentaries, short form reality shows, all of it is all funded by corporate America. And so we will fool ourself, we think that BET can wake up with money and say, I'm gonna do that project and there's no marketing dollars behind it to, to support it because the revenue wouldn't add up.


BET would exist. So all of this, including this show, is all driven by the marketing dollars of corporations. Do you think that that money's ever gonna funnel the way that you're mentioning? Like you have these relationships, they have the other relationships with like the Netflixes, the peacocks, and sometimes they get behind things, but do you think that there will ever be that like clear line of exchange where they're supporting the stuff and you guys are getting the dollars you need? Yeah, and we, And I'll say this, the, the bet's business partners are extraordinary partners to BET. They step up again and again and again, Emini here, we're not going to put numbers out here, but the, the amount of money that we have to invest in content is extraordinary at cost. BET linear and BET plus. And we invest more money in content in 20 24, 20 25 than we did 10 years ago, 15 years ago.


The reality is content's gotten a lot more expensive, right? Let's call it, and, and a lot more platforms that are now pursuing our audience. And so the issue for us is, again, having the most watched show on all of television among black households, that's a win. Like no matter how I cut that, that's an absolute win. Having 13 nominations for the 2050 sixth NAACP image awards, that's a win. And we're investing and we're supporting those things. And I think the key is, it's, it's, we, we need our advertising partners to continue to support BET. And thank goodness they really do. They step up consistently. They step up for the image awards, they step up for the BET awards, they step up for all of our partnerships.


But the reality is, you know, there are only one or two media companies in The World forget about Legacy or new. There are only one or two media companies in The World that are not, don't have to work within a financial parameters, right? And so we have to work within financial parameters just like anybody else. And, and we optimize our, our our decisions around investments and content. The image awards are such an important part of our mission at BET, serving our community, serving our culture, celebrating black excellence. But we don't just partner with the NAACP around the image awards, we partner with the NAACP across the year because it's rolling in our community. It just pisses me off that we get the crumbs like, like why, why isn't Paramount doing more just like, like why, why does BET have to not have any money?


Well, I, okay, I need to really clarify. BET has a a lot of money when you, when you contrast it, BET has, we invest more money in black content than any other single company, right? The difference is an example, like a peacock. They can decide they're gonna make one big swing in 2024 and spend X on that one project. We're BET, right? We're not, we're not, we can't make one project and expect everybody to say, oh thank you. We're satisfied. Right? We have to have consistent content every single week across all of these platforms.


So we invest it differently. But having said that, we have a lot of support from Paramount. BET is thriving and we are again, to that point 13 nominations this year. You know, we, we, last year we had, you know, primetime Emmy nominations, we had a Tony nomination, we had a a Grammy nomination. So the business is really thriving. It's just like any other business. You have to make really rational decisions about how you allocate your resources. But Netflix has 64 nominations in at the Image awards, right? Yeah. Yes. They have a budget that's fundamentally different than, but I'm saying Wouldn't they be leading the charge with Black Honda? Well, their business model is different. It's not reliant on marketing revenue.


It's a sub subscription base. And so you have to look at the business model of the platform. Like Amazon, their model is, is capturing data and reselling data. So they take loss on content for the purpose of capturing data and consumer behavior so they can go ahead and, and sell that data. So it's all, it all depends on the platform and with their business model. Well BT Plus is subscription basically, right? It Is, but to your point, the question is what constitutes black content? In part for Netflix, you can have 64 nominations. I think that's the number. But you can have that many nominations less because you're creating a lot of black content, but across this huge universe of content that you're creating, you're using black talent, right? Yeah. It can be an ensemble with one person who's black, right? It can be a movie ensemble with one person who's black.


They get a nomination for that. And because they have such a huge volume of content they're creating, they just have more shots, you know, at the basket. I was, I wanted to ask about comedy as well. You see Netflix is heavy in the comedy. You see a lot. They're giving comedy deals to damn near every comedian. Has BET ever wanted to jump back into that space? Because BET was one of the huge originators, especially of black comedy. That's Right. With Comic View. Did Dion Cole put you up to this question because he's been beating you up about this? No, But he's been up here recently, but now he hasn't. Yes. So the reality is we're always looking for the way back into places, right? And, and we did a quick partnership with Kevin Hart and Heartbeat, where we did a test run of bringing back comic view. And part of the thing is that really understanding how our community wants to consume content, right?


And also understanding some people will use certain content as a loss leader for other things, right? And so, and I'm not saying who would be using it as a loss leader, but there are other platforms that are paying using content as a loss leader for other things. So we're we working with Dion right now to do a really fun thing in standup comedy? He'll be thrilled that you put me on the spot and ask the question. But we think comedy clearly works, right? We see it working with the Miss Pat show. The series we have with Dion average Joe is a thriller that has a comedic line through it. We really see that. Our audience loves comedy. Miss Pat, in addition to her Miss Pat show, we do Miss Pat settles it, which is her doing a crazy court show. And so our audience is loving it.


We think in 2025, given the way The World has changed, people need to laugh even more. And so there'll be an even greater demand for comedy. So we're leaning into it in a big way. Have there been conversations, Derrick, about changing the name of the NAACP since some people think colored people is a slur No, No. As we sit around the table, we got all the colors around the table, don't we? Yeah, no, we have not. Emini here, we, we get caught up in semantics. We lose focus and, and there's no need to go to the semantics. We are an organization that's been around 116 years. That's significant. When you talk about this concept of a, of a surplus mindset that what we can do, we can stick together, we can work together, we can prosper together.


Oftentimes we say, well, black folks won't do what we can do what we haven't done. We gotta get away from that and not get caught up in semantics. At the end of the day, are we being effective with our mission, making democracy work for all and ensuring opportunity for our community. That's our focus. The semantics go out the door. Yeah, I asked that because I think it was, was it last year? It was a pre, it was one of the presidents. I forgot from which chapter. The naacp, he, they were upset because somebody used the word colored people somewhere. I have no idea. I don't. Stevie Wonder every time I run across him he asks a question. 'cause he's been saying y'all need to change the name. He's been saying that since like 90 82. Yeah. What does he see about the name that Shut up. Shut Up. I haven't Shut up.


What? I'm just asking a question. It's a lack of subtlety. Right? At the end of the day, the Im image awards is the crown jewel of shows for African American. Right. It gives us an opportunity for all of us to come together and appreciate the culture we bring To the table. Save him. Save him. Right? And we do that intergenerationally across all of all of the Platforms. That's right. And you can dev voting is now open to the public@naacpimageawards.net. That's right. And we appreciate you guys for joining us this morning. Yes. To stop dragging Chloe around for no reason. She's busy. She got things she could be doing. She wants to be here. She here. Are we out here for her people? Okay. Okay. Yes. Okay. That's right ladies. Yes. And I Do you wanna host? Yes. I would Love to host.


If you were us as the host, I think it would make so much sense. I would love because you out here outside, we don't know what y'all plans are. Yeah. I Wouldn't pressure on it. They might have another host and you just fing And she say she wanna host too. Wow. Or Or if I don't host, I could sing a little song. Listen, we've been rolling since they were 11 and 12 years old, so y'all knew to this. We've been around with them a long time. So get out our business. Okay. Anthony. Anthony Anderson. That's right. Queen La. Queen Lat. Queen Latifa did two years. Anthony Anderson did eight. So how do you determine like, is she coming? No, you looking at me like you wanna rap? I'm like, you wanna rap? Like you wanna rap it up? Alright. When we announced the host, everybody gonna say, oh, that is a great choice.


Good decision. And the host's gonna come on with Scott and they're gonna talk about why that person is the host. And y'all gonna say, this is the best thing that could have ever happened. How you Gonna feel about it, Chloe? If it's not you, are you gonna feel it? Well That, you know, I would feel good if I get a performance slot, then I won't feel heard about the non hosts Song. You know what I will say is, I think Chloe's comment before somehow we diverted to Burna. Boy, Chloe's comment. That was you. I feel you. I feel you. But I thought, I thought Chloe's comment about the power of the example of collaboration and the importance of that to our community was extraordinarily insightful and terribly timely because I think in our community, this is 2025, we have a lot of healing to do and a lot of kind of reconnecting and a lot of collaborating required for us to, to make progress with respect to the things that are important.


So I was extraordinarily impressed with that insight and the thoughtfulness of that. And it creates more opportunities for wonderful things to do with Chloe. Absolutely. Collaboration. Be be Dope. Chloe, I know that's Frank. Oh, Chloe. Chloe and Burna Boy hosting the end. That would be much, that'd be a great collaboration. You all can take credit for it. He brought that back up. I did. Oh, right. Derrick Johnson. Scott Mills, we appreciate you for joining us. Check out the naacp, the 56 NAACP Image Awards. February 22nd at 8:00 PM Where y'all shooting this at? On BG Atlanta? La la. I do like the fact that CBS airs It. Oh, absolutely. Yeah, because this The second time they did That, right? Second, Third, third.


No, this would be third. Yeah. Okay. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Do you want a shortcut To the best version of you? Here it is. Feed The Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, the Best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. So I hosted the Golden Globes at Hollywood's biggest party. Honestly, you've probably seen all the headlines this week, but like any good party, there's a lot of wild stuff that goes down behind the scenes that you don't know about. And since I hosted the Golden Globes, I'm letting my podcast listeners, my besties in on all the behind the scenes tea stuff that didn't make it to the live TV taping, what went down in rehearsals, who said what at the after party. You're going to hear it all. Listen to the Nikki Glaser podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Ed Zitron, host of the Better Offline Podcast, and this January we're gonna go on the road to beautiful Las Vegas, Nevada to cover the Consumer Electronics Show Tech's biggest conference. Be offline. CES coverage won't be the usual rundown of the hottest gadgets or biggest trends, but an unvarnished look at what the tech industry plans to sell or do to you. In 2025, I'll be joined by David Rother defector and the writer Edward on So Jr. With guest appearances from Behind the Bus. That's Robert Evans. It could Happen here. His g Davis and a few surprise guests throughout the show. Listen to Better Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever else you get your podcasts from.


Hey y'all. I'm Dr. Joy Harden Bradford, host of Therapy for Black Girls. This January, join me for our third annual January Jumpstart series. Starting January 1st, we'll have inspiring conversations to give you a hand in Kickstarting your personal growth. If you've been holding back or playing small, this is your all access pass to step fully into the possibilities of the new year. Listen to Therapy for Black Girls starting on January 1st on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.