
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging leather pointed seats or optional features.


I Wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and stand up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters In Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World s Most Dangerous Morning Show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne tha god. Lauren LaRosa Envys on his book tour so he had to step out. Just hilarious is home. But we got a legend in the building. It's okay to call you that, right? Yeah, I'm cool with that. Yeah, with Khalifas here. What's happening? My brother? Just chilling. How are you? I ain't seen you in a minute. Not in person. I know, I know. It's been a while. Yeah. Yeah. You've been working. I covid happened. I've been taking care of my kids. Yeah. How Are you? I'm amazing. Thank you. How are you? You still doing the MMA and all of that good Stuff? Absolutely. Every day where, yeah. Yeah. You wake up and do it early in the morning or you wait? I have like a routine. So I go to the gym five days a week.


I do martial arts as well, so I'm like lifting martial arts And I do hot yoga three times a week. So I'll get up at like six with my kids, take care of my dogs and my kids. Then I eat breakfast, then I go to the gym probably around like nine ish. And then, you know, from nine till about one or two in the afternoon. That's my program time. And then after that I got the rest of my day. Program time mean what? The smoke? No, no, no. Program is like workout. Gotcha. Yeah, Yeah. Whatever the program is for the day, that's what I do. So You work out high Stoned? Yeah, I was About to say he probably smoke in between all of that or during the Yeah, yeah. No, I smoke on the way to the gym and then on my way to the next event.


Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I, I I stay stoned. Okay. How, how long have you been smoking now? Like how many years? I've been high for longer than I've been. Not high. Okay. Yeah. Consecutively. Yeah. Yeah. You be doing the shrooms now too though, right? Nah, I quit doing shrooms. I did it for a minute, so I don't, I don't really need, I, I don't feel like I need to keep doing 'em over and Over. I'm glad you said need, right? 'cause I was gonna ask, what is your intention when you smoke weed nowadays? I just love being stoned. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I like the way it makes me feel. I like the decisions that I make when I'm stoned. I like the way movies look when I'm stoned. I like playing with my kids when I'm stoned. I just love being high.


Yeah. Off marijuana though. Yeah, just marijuana. Not, not anything crazy. The cushion. Orange Juice. Orange Juice too. Yeah. Great project. I, I love the, I love the first half, second half is dope too, but I really love it. First half of it. Thank you. But it got like a 1990 now G Funk sound for sure. Was that intentional? Yeah, Yeah, definitely. I think that was like the original sound of c Orange Juice for a lot of people. It was like nostalgic for the nineties or G funk or you know, just riding around in the car, going to house parties, getting fresh. It's just got that whole, you know, player vibe to it and a little bit of funk to it as well, just like the way the beats slap and the way that the, the bass is there.


So a lot of the productions, Cardo and Sledger and E Dan and just the original people who, you know, put that sound together. So it was really easy to just bring it back man. I'm glad you like it. No, it slaps. Thank You. You had announced in 2024 that this project was done and now it's here. Yeah. The release of it. So is it traditional release to streaming or like how are you gonna do it? 'cause Christian Orange Juice won. It was like you, you did your own thing. You dropped, you kind of changed the way people were listening to music and mix tapes at the Time, right? No, this one's going to streaming. Okay. We releasing it through BMG and they've been really, really cool at letting me kind of just curate the vibe and what the feeling of it is and they understand what the project is and we've had meetings, you know, weekly just how we're gonna attack it and you know, make it last and make it something real.


So I've just really been really excited about updating, you know, the format. I think that's what's most important, especially for like being a OG in the game is, you know, releasing things with the times, how they are now, but also still being innovative as well. And that's why you see like in between, I've been dropping freestyles and doing a lot of stuff like just entertaining my fans because I still have that freedom. I'm able to do that as we get ready for the album too. So just to put it all together and make it current. I think that was the idea for all of Us. You know, yesterday was the 15th anniversary of C Artist who was Spot One. Yeah, yeah, I did hear that. April 14th Emini Here. You Did hear that. Yeah. It's Your old album.


That's your dream. I dropped, I dropped so many albums and stuff like that. Like every month is an anniversary of another project, but 15 years. Yeah, that's tight. And I, I think we're really lucky to be able, well I'm grateful to be able to drop, you know, the sequel as close as I did with the original one. I feel like that's like a, a sign. It just, you know, feels really Oh, so it Wasn't playing? Nah, it just worked out like that. But it is just divine alignment. Yep. It All worked out Like that. Do you remember your mind state? April 14th, 2010? I Do. Okay. Yeah. What was it? I was just getting off tour. I was in Miami.


I was working on rolling papers, the album, but I already had Cushion Orange Juice done and I had been hyping it up for a lot of months before, so my fans knew it was about to come out And I remember just going to the hotel room, I was in a nice ass hotel on the beach and I was like, yo, I'm about to drop it. And I just released it from my computer that day. I was really, I was still am super confident, but I was really, really du like super duper confident about the music and just my connection with my fans. So that was the, the time to do it. Did It piss the label off when you dropped in? I really wasn't signed at that point. They were kind of thinking about signing me, working on signing me, but it didn't piss them off at all. They knew how important it was for me to still curate that organic thing because at that time I was doing a lot more for myself than any label could do.


And it's still like that, like I promote myself, I do my social media, I do my merch, I do my marketing, I do all that. I just give you a whole package and then you could just, you know, you look like a genius. Well C Orange Juice changed everything though. That was like your, that's like your section 80, that's your so far gone. Yep. That Like banded the Taylor Gang. Yeah, for sure. All the all like we, we was talking about it before you came in. Like I remember the feeling when Cushion Orange Juice came out and like I was a senior in high school and like they would throw parties where you would literally come to smoke and only listen to Cushion Orange Juice and like that's, it was just, it was such a movement. I love that. It was like really such a movement. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it was for. So it's good that that happened. I, it was all intentional and it was like, like you said, that's like my, you know, or my doggy style or my illmatic, like I knew I had to make something that was like that and you know, that was a good one to be attached to.


And yeah, it was just, I, I always tell people it's bigger than the music. It's stuff like what you're saying. Like that's what make it what it is. Like even this album now, it's amazing music wise, but you can't just sit there and listen to it. You gotta experience that shit. You gotta go to a beach, you gotta go on vacation, you gotta kick it with the homies. You gotta hang out super duper late. You gotta hook up with somebody who you been, you know, or you gotta meet somebody who you never even understood understood that with you. That's what makes it what it is. And that's what I'm excited for people to experience as well as the music being good. People don't realize that though, when you put out music, music just provides the soundtrack Right. To whatever you're experiencing in life. Yeah. That's why you can never argue with certain people about certain albums because the time of life they were experiencing during that album.


Yeah, yeah. You can't, like you, when somebody says, oh this is, this is gonna remind you of Wiz Khalifa CR, nah. Right. I'm on something totally different than I was in 2010. Exactly. It's personal. Yeah, I think people do have those personal moments or those life decisions and what you're listening to at the time. Definitely. You know, dictates you know, what your memories of that are so it, it gets deep. Do you think that, 'cause I, I saw that you have like, it's 22 or 23 songs on a project. Yeah, 20, It's 22 I think. So four Bonus records, four or five bonus records. Four bonus Records. So normally what people who put that many songs on in one place, it's like you think people are gonna listen start to finish. But like I and me listening to it, I don't have any doubt that people will, do you think that the conversation that you're having at the beginning and then the conversation you're having at the end, is it cohesive or do you just throw songs on there?


Like how do you kind of flow in out of Well, With this project, the last maybe four songs we put out before the album came out, we used this method called the Waterfall Method where you put songs out and then add 'em to the album later. And that was a conscious decision because I didn't know what people were gonna want to hear. So those songs helped me dictate what I was gonna do with the album. And I still liked those songs, but they weren't exactly what you were gonna get from the full album. So I used that as an opportunity to, you know, do some promo and get the idea of the album out there.


But by the time you get the actual real album, those 18 songs are brand new. Those are an experience that nobody has yet and that everybody's gonna get together. And that's where, to me the more of the conversation is, is from the intro to to the 18th song. And yeah, it's pretty simple. It's, the whole album is just about keeping it players motivational. It is get stoned and there's songs for the ladies and there's songs to ride around to. So as long as I'm in that pocket, yeah, the conversation is good in, in my opinion, I know what my fans want and what they expect. So I didn't go outside of that at all. Why a sequel after all of these years though?


Because that, that could be hit or miss too. That's a to put cushion Orange Juice on something. Yeah, I just, again, listening to the fans man, everybody was telling me like how much they missed that sound or that pocket of what I was doing at that time or how much they enjoyed it. So it's nothing for me as an artist to like, you know, dig in my bag and get with the producers that I trust and really not recreate that, but do what that sounds like now. But it's the same feeling though, like, you know what Emini here and I'm not scared to do that. And it's all about the fans. It's offer them and it's what they want, you know, like a lot of nostalgic stuff is coming back and my era, like you said is 15 years ago.


So it's way, yeah, it is way further removed than it is close. So why not just go ahead and just revisit something that was, you know, big to us and that people appreciate. The problem with fans though is they fickle and they don't want you to grow. So you, so you, so even though you've grown like you're a father now, like your life might be totally different than it was 15 years ago. They're like, no, I want 2010 words. Yeah, that's impossible. The songs feel like that Though. I don't think it's impossible. Really? Yeah, because that, I think they just want the best. Like I can experiment And I can sing And I can do country songs or pop records, but they like, yo, we like when you rap or I could wear, you know, high fashion and you know, runway stuff, but they're like, we like when you wear streetwear and it's not hard for me to just get right back into that.


It's like, okay, I'm trying what I like And I'm still gonna do that in my off time. Or if I get an opportunity to do it, I'm gonna throw a suit on and I'm gonna do a pop record, but it's not gonna be my song. It'll be somebody else's And I can still chart and perform it all over The World. But for my fans, I'm gonna give them what they want. Yeah. But you are dad now, dad two. Yeah. Yeah. And, and making this music and putting this project together, like it does still sound like whiz kfa. It's, it's new and it's innovative but it's, it's still the same feeling. Yeah. How do you, because you are different. You, you, your dad is so different now. Yeah, Yeah. I think I'm just like a little Emini here. I just keep it 100. Like that's what I always did. I always just talked about my life. I talked about my day, I talk about my week. So like I, I've never run outta bars.


What's it like doing this whole run? I see you got your Coachella band on you, you doing this whole run Coachella. You I Shower since Coachella. Yo Bro, these bands, they don't go nowhere man. I need some scissors. Y'all got some scissors, right? Get some scissors. But Coachella was Saturday, it was Sat, no it was Sunday. Friday, Sunday. Okay. You were, and you did, you did a stage, you did a stage, right? Yeah. You did a performance came, You came out with a came out. I came out with Juy with three six Mafia And I came out with with Ty on Sunday. And Ty do sound. And now though, when you're running around, you gotta make time to get back to family too. So how is that gonna be 'cause you about to go on the tour And you dropping? It's cool like with me because I feel like I do a great balance of each. So I've spun, spun, I've spent so much time at home and you know, having my regular schedule, it's okay for me to step away and do this for now 'cause this is what I've been planning, this is what I've been working towards.


So, you know, it's all part of the same process. Like it all goes together. It felt like Coachella was quiet this year. Nah, it wasn't quiet this year. It was, it was pretty rowdy. I think they're trying to just take it back to the essence of like what Coachella is about. So they getting rid of like all the hype and all the parties and stuff and it's really about going to the festival and a lot of people ain't down to like, you know, go in the desert and get dusty like that. How, how was the energy out there to you? 'cause I saw people complaining that the crowd was crowd was dead. Not not for your, not just for yourself, but just in General In my opinion. I think Coachella is all about like the production and stuff like that. It's not really about like seeing the crowd go crazy 'cause they've been out there all day hot as hell on drugs, sleeping in tents and stuff like that.


So you can't really expect like too much. But I think it was, I think it was really like what Coachella is all about. Yeah, I had a good time. It was cool. I don't think it was dead. I saw you were, you and Amy were dancing on the side of the stage people. Yeah. Why were people so mad at you? That's your, that's your girlfriend. I don Why they mad that you dancing with your girl? I Don't think people were mad. I think people just need clickbait. Like that's what The World we live in these days. But I don't live my life based off of that. I'm, I'm still gonna, if I'm hearing some music, like I'm a I'm gonna dance. But you never have like kind of leaned into all of that stuff though. No. Like you've always kind of like, just, even if it was happening, you did your own thing but leaned into what? Like people, the ClickBank stuff. So like, even when you were dating and now with Amy, just people are really invested in your life because you're such a big start and Yeah.


Now your kids are growing up and they're on social media as well too. People just wanna know things and they throw things on stuff. Yeah, I know. I'm in control of all of that though. I give them enough to, you know what I'm saying, like, like I said, I don't live my life based off of it. Yeah. But I know that people are nosy. Like you haven't even seen my daughter and she's almost a year old. Right. So I can keep some stuff quiet. But this is the entertainment industry. So at the end of the day people are gonna have their perception of whatever, whatever. But as long as my intentions are good, I know I'm out here doing exactly what I'm supposed to be doing and nobody who really knows me and and loves me is ever gonna be embarrassed by my actions when I'm outside. So you don't be doing, they can say whatever they want to. Yeah. You don't be doing nothing.


You literally be I really don't. How do you talk to like, 'cause Sebastian's older, getting older now, which is crazy because it's just crazy to see him kids get older works. It's literally like when you think about when he's was first born to now and just being a fan and watching him grow, there's probably so much things that you guys decide when to talk to him about or not talk to him about, but your celebrity. So it's different. How do you kind of like, what is your discretion on like here's what I allow him to know or see or whatever. Because you can't guard kids from everything. Yeah, we Just keep 100 with him too. He's a smart boy and these kids are, we were, you know, grew up fast but they're growing up way faster on the internet and everything. Right. So it's just about keeping it real and you know, just allowing him to make his own decisions as well.


It's like, I can tell you what to do but you know what's right and wrong. And just instilling that in him and also his friend group too. That's a real big thing now is his friend group. But I feel like just him being a kid, he's a normal kid. He goes through the same things that normal kids go through. He gets in trouble at school. We have to get on Zoom calls with his teachers, like all of that. Yeah. He is on a Zoom call with a teacher. Yeah. How is it, like, how do the teachers react? Emini here? They're probably used to celebrity parents, but they'd Be cool. They'd be chill. Like, I think it helps him a little bit more too. They're like, oh shit, we get to see whi here, you can pass this class. How, how is it being a father of a daughter now? I got four daughters. All I got is daughters. So I know daughters bring out a different energy.


Yeah, man. It's, it's super duper sweet. She's su she's real young still. She's only eight months. She'll be nine months. So her personality hasn't come out yet, but it is a little bit different having a little, a little girl. And I'm older now too as a parent. Like, I was 25 when I had bash. I'm 37 now. Right. So it's just like a whole different mind state, like having a a a new child and as a girl It was crazy to watch y'all all get older, yo. Yeah, exactly. Because I remember that whole Not kids get older. No, no I'm people Because you know what it is And I don't know if it's because of the internet. I don't think we've had another movement like that.


Mm. Like when I think about the you and the Kendricks and the Yeah, I Felt like, like 2016, like Uzi and Cardi and them, they, oh they, they held It down. They had a movement. But I will say is d because I know what you're talking about with Uzi especially. 'cause I'm from Delaware. He from Philly. But it was, it's still just different. Like, I can't really describe it like the way that the Taylor gang and like how we were dressing it was really different. Yeah. But the kids are doing that to Uzi then though. Yeah. Yeah. We Were called, we were, We were the blog era. Yeah. And then I, I would say like the SoundCloud era, like trippy red and all of them like SoundCloud and then now is more like the TikTok, like the viral, you know what I'm saying? The the dancers and Yeah. And then streamers as well.


Right. Like, you know, so yeah, we, we've, we've had some good eras, man. I guess we don't know when the temperature changes now. 'cause back in the day you could, you could see it on tv, you could hear it on radio. Now the internet kind of makes everything seem like it's all Yeah. Together. You don't see, you don't really see when it's wiz season or Drake season or Nah. See, I don't mean to keep disagreeing with you. Okay. I would like, it's what it's for. I think you just gotta be tapped in. But that's how it was back then too. Yeah. Like you had to be tapped in and know who the new up and coming blog era rappers were and then the older dudes didn't really understand. They like, man these dudes got on tight pants and book bags. Like that ain't rap music. So we look weird to them. It's just always the next generation looks weird to the other generation.


So you really don't like see 'em on they way up. You really don't understand it. Tight pants was crazy though back then, Bro. Now you tight. The pants Was tight, tight. Your waist is si cinched right now. No, No, no, no. Back then was Insane. Those pants were tight. I remember that they were going like h and m and like American apparel getting like really tight pants. Yeah. You Had the people going and doing it. I remember they were, they were tight with the, with the, the, the, not the vans. The, the Chucks. Chucks. Yes. I'm The long feet still. I still got my chuck on Like, I'm shocked you had kids how tight they were type of shit. Those pants were tight, bro. How often do you revisit the first cushion? Orange Juice? I say a lot before I answer a question. I gotta stop doing that. Nah, you're thinking that's smart. Yeah.


You right. I got I can't give it away though. Nah, I listen to it a lot because we perform it a lot. Okay. Yeah, there's a lot of like festivals and places where they're like, can you come through and, and perform the whole catalog or give us three songs off of there or something like that. So I, I listened to it And I, I listened to it for inspiration too. Sometimes I, like, I sampled a couple songs on, on this new one from the old one. I like threw it in there. You wouldn't even know, but just to like keep the DNA there. Yeah. Can you get, can you tell me so I can go back? No, you'll figure it out now I gotta do it again. Yeah, Exactly. And again and again because It feel literally I said that earlier, it feels like the original cushion Orange Juice, even though it's new music, but, and a lot of artists can't do that.


Not this far apart, right? Hmm. Yeah. Yep. Wow. It's not, it's not obvious stuff. It's nothing that you would be like, oh, this is that. But if somebody told you, you'd be like, duh. But what is it that you do that, is it the beat or the melody? Like what is it that you hit in It? There's so many ways to manipulate music these days. Got you. Yeah, we just, we just really, like I said, we updated it. Like we use new formulas for the same thing that we already have. Like, and then my producers Caro, his sound never went outta style. He, and even when him producing with like Cardi and all of that, he still has his original drum kits and stuff like that. So he's just getting right back in his bag.


Sledge Drum. I work with Mike and Keys and Problem and DJ Quick and just like throwing a lot of ideas around to make something that, you know, like you said reminds you of the original. How much is LA an influence? I would say The la like the, the lifestyle of LA as an influence. I love LA but I'm not from LA so I I I didn't grow up like wanting to be a West Coast dude. Like that's just how I, I am, you know what Emini here and being from Pittsburgh, we would probably resonate the most with someplace like LA or the Bay or even like Detroit and Chicago.


Like we have a lot in common with them too. But I wouldn't necessarily say like I'm la influenced, but I'm definitely embraced in LA like a mug just because of the similarities, like in the production and the way that we talk and the way that we dress. Like a lot of people associate me with being a West coast artist. Yeah. And then the, the the the Snoop affiliation as well. Yeah, the Snoop affiliation too. But that wasn't even just like, I wasn't like, yo, I, I need to be best friends with Snoop Dogg. He heard my music and was like, man, this dude is tight. He embraced me. You know what Emini here like, so that was like the, that I'm grateful as heck for that. Like, you know what Emini here, like Did that ever get on your nerves though?


Because like you're not from like, did you ever feel like I need it. Okay. Because we, I think we all thought you were from LA for a very long time. Nah, the Chuck Taylors. The Chuck Taylor, this, the whole look, the whole vibe like that's on the East Coast. Like we, I feel like the way you sound, your look, everything. I didn't know that people over this way at all could, could look or emulate that. Like I thought you had to go to LA To, to look. Yeah. And that's the thing. I wasn't even emulate nothing. That's just how I am. Like that's just what I be on. Like there's pictures of me in high school on the same vibe. Mm. And I listen to Dipset, like that's my favorite group. Yeah. Like camera on my favorite rapper. Wow. So yeah, I just love Emini here. Like I think it's just my, my demeanor, my swagger remind people of more like West coast smoking weed for sure.


Being tatted, you know, a lot of those things like the Chucks like you saying like you associate that with people from the west coast. And then my beat selection too is real funky. Like it is more like top down ride around type of music. And I think that came more into play for me hanging out with currency. Like just being in New Orleans, we would just be more on some smooth vibey type stuff rather than like really turned up or trapped out type of music. And that just became the, you know, the style of beats that, you know, we both kind of went after. I love how you keep Max B's name alive. Yeah. Yep. He, he's on the new project. Yeah. He's also one of my favorite artists as well.


Yeah. Yep. How often do you speak to him? You said how often do I Yeah, here and there. Yeah. Especially now that the album's coming out and he's coming home too. Yeah. We talk here and there. It's nothing too crazy to just be like, I see you big bro. How'd y'all get him on the project over the phone? Yeah. That shit sound good as hell to be a phone Record. Yep. Yep. Well the voice notes, it's easy to do it on voice notes now and then just line it up. Like I told you, we manipulating music these days. Yeah. So You take the vocal then put the beat behind it. He's not rapping With Beat Emini here. I guess I don't want people to start getting their friends in jail on their records, getting them in trouble because you can get out Toy Lanes just did a whole album. I don't know how much I don't know. But don't do it.


Stay outta trouble. The Other thing I was gonna say too, man do you see the,


Hey What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and you weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag. Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Support for Eating While Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev


Moments in your life when like your career just went up. Like for example, like when you put out we and boys, that's another level. When you put out what was the other black and yellow, that's another level. Oh my god. And then see you again. Come on. That's every white person in America's favorite funeral Anthem. Favorite funeral anthem. It is though. Yeah, no I think I have, I look at my career like, like a basketball player or something like that. Like me being signed to Atlantic. I did really well like being a major artist. So I look at it like that. You just recently sold your home in Pittsburgh too? Yeah, I did. You saw that, the decision to do that. Why? Just because it was time or like, 'cause I know it's, you know, that was a you, that was when you were on your come up, you know, like letting that go.


Yeah. Why? 'cause I just had my daughter And I wanted to move my mom out to la She was tired of, she was staying in that house. She was just tired of being there still. Yeah. Wow. It wasn't like a bad house, it was A nice house. No, it's a nice house but I just, I just can't believe she hasn't already like moved to LA at this point now because you know, you got, It's hard to get older people to move outta there. It Is. But Emini here. Yeah, just being from Pittsburgh, like, you know, she moved around a lot when, when we were younger. 'cause of the military. So when she got back to the Burg, like she was just there. Like she was set up there and when I left that was me leaving as an adult. But we hadn't lived in the same city in a long time. So when I had my daughter, she wanted to move out to LA and it just made sense.


Just go ahead and, you know, move on to the next chapter. Is she with y'all now living with y'all in LA and kind of helping out With the baby? She doesn't live with me in la. She has her own house. Got you. And you know, we we're in a good distance from each other where we see each other all the time. Oh Okay. Because I know people do that when they first have babies. Like just to get the extra help, have mom there and just kind of step in When it does. It's pretty much like that. Yeah. But she, she has her own spot. Gotcha. You know what I'm saying? And, and it's super duper convenient. 'cause like I said, I haven't lived in the same city as my mom in like 15 years. So I'll be driving outta my house and she'll be coming through the gate. So it's super cool to just see my mom like randomly during the day And she get to be with her grandkids. Yeah. She loves it. Yo she's like full-time og.


How, how, how do you feel about your children being open to public scrutiny? Like motherfuckers on social media commenting and, yeah. Nah, It is what it is. Like I feel like they gonna go through that anyway at school. Like they got Snapchat and they be doing all that stuff at school. So that's just The World that we live in now. And like back in the day we used to rip on each other too. So we just didn't have the computer to do it. But it builds tough skin and it is what it is. Like I've always been able to still be confident in myself and function and not crash out, you know, due to what anybody says about me. So I feel like they'll be all right. Is it the weed, like whenever you feel yourself about to crash out or like do you roll up?


No, no, no, no. It's not the weed, it's the confidence. Man. I breathe. I, I do yoga. I believe in myself. I got a higher calling. Yeah. And sometimes they might be right. I do look funny sometimes my feet, my feet are ugly. Or not ugly but messed up. But like, you can't get mad at like, you know, people pointing out your flaws. 'cause we're not perfect. So if you point out a flaw, you might be right. So you practice yoga. I do hot yoga too. It'd be 130 degrees in there. I did that shit a couple of, a couple. I did like a week and a half ago with my wife. I couldn't, I did it, but that shit's tough. It is tough. Hot Yoga. I did Hot yoga. Yeah. I I, it's like some old ladies in there, they go every day. I'm like, y'all are gangster. They might do it three times in one day.


I'm like, that's really gangster. That And Pilates. Yeah. They don't Play. But see, the thing I didn't like about it, they don't give you no tutorial. Like you gotta, it's like you just jump straight. Its like double dutch word up. Just like, yo, hold up. What you mean? Do this, do that. Like gimme some. It's more of a flow. Yeah, it's a flow. So you watch everybody around you, you can look at the instructor or you can look at, you know, whoever makes you comfortable in the room. Like you said you was with your partner. So she probably went a couple times so you could, you know, fill it out. But it just helps you let go. And there's a lot of stuff that you probably won't be able to do for a long time, but you'll start to see progress. And that's what it's about too. It's just about learning yourself. Why Don't you talk about stuff like that more whi I do, I said, I said it in my song. I was like, she working out, we doing yoga and hiking.


I said, I say it in my music and the new music. Hiking. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I say it but like there's ways to do it in in in rap music because at my age people will quickly call you unc. And you say that On the album too? Yeah. No, no, no. Ty I think Ty said it. He said don't call me unc, call me big dog. That's the song with Gunner. Nah, you unc ty Thatty. They're not, y'all are not giving unc. He gives unc. Y'all don't give unc. Nah, I'm not unc. I could be unc, but if I'm UNC then I'm calling you nephew and you don't want and you don't want me to do that. You Three years, the UNC is, once you hit 40, you officially unc stop You. Them is gonna be my nephews then. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. You raised a Lot of people. That's what I'm saying though.


But like they, they want to be, they don't want be nephews. So don't call me Unc. But the mu there's no wrong with being unc 'cause UNC is a sign of respect. But the the the derogatory term of it is just like outta style, outta date. Yeah. We don't want to hear that slow, you know, too, like not, it's just in a way that they're like, all right, you know what Emini here, it's not like advice that they really want to like live up to. And that's what I'm putting it in a form and in a way where I'm packaging it where you still can see yourself doing this in the next couple years. Right. You could be 23 and listening to my music and be like, I'm just a little bit more advanced.


I'm not unc, I'm, I'm just, you know what Emini here, I'm on, I'm on a different vibe. I'm on another level. And then a lot of the stuff that I say too is personal to me. So it's not even really for you to actually go out and do. I'm just explaining, you know, the things that are important to me And I hope that inspires you. So, you know, All kids respect though, when they don't respect it, they be like old nigga O head. Yeah. Old head. Oh, head still. Oh, Head. Og o head still. Yeah. O head. Slang. It depend on how you say o head. Like if you're like, yo oh head, that's, that's disrespectful. It's like yo dis oh head it, whatever. But you don't, But that's the yo old head is like that sounding real fragile. Like Either fragile or you like, kind of like a crack. It's like, yo, oh hey, get out the way before I hit you.


Yeah. Like, you know what Emini here, You laid out in the street or something like that. Yeah, yeah. Ooh. Does that scare you to get older? Nah, no. Nah. I love getting older. I think certain people get better when they get older. Like they have, they they, they start to, you know, different stages of their life reveals things that their twenties and thirties never have. So I think that, you know, I'm pretty much on my way to that and I'm enjoying myself. Like at the age that I'm at, I, I love being this age. I love telling people my age and them being like, damn. 'cause it catches a lot of people off guard. But it is what it is though. But That's what I like about you opening up about the yoga and the hiking and whatever other mindfulness things you may be into. Right? Because you talk about how first Christian RS juice influenced the generation of stoners.


I'm like, well damn, what's this? What's this part too going to influence? See that's the thing about the first Christian Orange Juice. It, it did inspire a lot of stoners, but it created a lot of bosses too. A lot of people bossed up and did things on their own and put their teams on. And they're successful now based off of listening to c Orange Juice or that era, a lot of people was like, yo, I'm gonna grab a camera or I'm gonna start promoting shows or I'm gonna start a clothing line or I'm gonna start a, a blog or whatever, whatever. And they're still like, they're successful. So like that's what Cush Orange Juice too is gonna do as well. It's positive thinking. It ain't unc so it's going, it is gonna spark, you know, a lot of bosses, a lot of young players and a lot of women who boss up as well and expect, you know, the same from, you know what Emini here.


Yeah. So it is just going to create a really, a really cool energy for people to, to create in. That's what I want. You said getting older, you getting better at things. What have you gotten better at Physically? I've gotten better decision making. I've gotten better patience wise. I've gotten better creatively, I've gotten better. And just as a, all around like human being, like that's, that's my main focus. Like when I was younger I was focused on being the best artist or the best performer or the, the flyest nigga. Like now I just care about being a dope human being like, and being happy for that day. Like that's all I care about. As long as I'm happy at this moment in this day I'm good.


And I try to live every day. Like, well not try to live every day, I do live every day like that. Since you, like there are people that are younger than you just in music that I'm sure call you about different things because creatively your music does inspire people like you mentioned. But like, just as a dad and in a relationship, a lot of your stuff is public. I saw a conversation, an interview where I think it was Amber, she was talking about you guys had to sit down, Sebastian have a conversation, he found her OnlyFans or something like that. How do you guide, first of all yourself and have that conversation with your son, but when your friends, your peers are calling you like, yo, my girl's doing this online or like, whatever. What, what's your conversation with people because you handle things so well and so gracefully. Yeah, I think I don't, I don't expect everybody to handle things the way that I do.


So my advice is sometimes is like, man shit be fucked up dog. Like that's, that's just how it is. That's rude. But you have to accept it and you have to understand that that's a part of it as well. And it be like that sometimes. But we make these decisions based off of what we think we can handle and what we can't handle. So, or you're given a lot of responsibility based off of what you can handle and you don't even know you ready for it like that. So if you really want this, you gonna, you gonna deal with the good and the bad. Like I'm built for it. I know how to smile, I know how to, you know, put on a face in front of people who I know might have talked shit on me or try to cut my throat or one up on, you know what Emini here.


But it is what it is. Well I don't get no further by exposing all of that. I get further just by being me. But a lot of people ain't built for it like that. So you know, you really, you, you really gotta be like that As a parent though. Are you ever really ready to have those like really public conversations with a, like that's such a public thing to have to talk about in your child to see and then in private you have to deal with it, but then also in public you have to deal with it because then y'all talk about the fact that it happened. I think like me, I just keep it pushing like as long as I'm good, like in the household, you're gonna have to deal with that or things like that regardless if it's not even directly involved with you, you're still gonna have to have some type of conversation like that with your kid and it's not easy for anybody.


So as soon as they start finding that stuff or looking at that stuff or hearing things about, you know, it might be their parent, it might be their sibling, it might be, you know what Emini here, it could be whatever. There's no age limit to that either. It happens through their teens, it's gonna happen in their twenties. Oh I heard your son is out here, da da da da. Right? I don't even know what that's like yet. But we go through the stages. Every parent's gonna go through the stage. But as far as publicly, I don't live my life for the public. So I don't even, like, I don't even consider that when I'm making my moves, I don't care. Like I don't hear it, I don't digest it. It is not, it ain't, it ain't real to me. And if it pops up then it's something that I could, you know what Emini here, I'll deal with it in the moment.


But it's like I ain't tripping on none of that. Are you Gonna keep secrets from your kids? What kind of secrets? Well just in general like, you know, I always tell people that you know, you should always have conversations with your parents 'cause you'll find out that they had a life before they were your parents. Yeah. I think having, how old are your kids? 16, 9, 6 and three. Yeah. Having a 12-year-old, it's like I'm finding out that they know way more than you actually think that they know. So it's hard to keep secrets when they're telling you shit that they know that you thought that they didn't know. Right. So it's like, damn you, there ain't no secrets. Like for real, for real. You I'm, I didn't even know I was gonna have to explain that to you. But it's just part of it like, because I think the benefit of that is them not having to hear it from somebody else.


Like I was raised by my cousins and you know what Emini here, a bunch of 18 year olds and 20 year olds when I was his age. So I was learning things a little bit differently. Like the filter was totally different. So I would rather be able to give my kids that knowledge than like the streets somebody else. Yeah. Hell yeah. Because it's going to happen. What is a Drake move with? What's The letter, What's a Drake move? What is A Drake move? A very smart business decision. I know that's right. That's what a Drake move is. No, You know what I wanted to ask you too, man, You've Been a mentor to a lot of great people And I recently saw this thing called the Mount Rushmore of white rappers and the good brother Mac Miller was on there.


You know how, I don't know if you saw it, but how did that make you feel knowing that you was a mentor to him? Because he the greatest rappers of all time. It was Eminem, it was Mac Miller. They Shouldn't be separating white rappers and black rappers. They're all rappers. And Mac Miller is an amazing artist, bro. Like I watched him, you know, come from just being a kid in the studio to like really changing how people digest and listen to music like on his own. And of course we started, he, he started like kind of after I was doing what I was doing. So it was people associated me and him together, like I was doing that for him or something like that. But he was just inspired by what he was around and as soon as he like branched off and started doing his thing, he, he gained his own identity, his own fan base, his own expectations of what his music is and his own, you know, love and and legacy for what his music is.


So I love, I love that kid. I don't even know if this is a question you can answer, but I but what are you and Mac Miller, what do y'all mean to Pittsburgh? You and Mac in particular? Because I can't think of anybody else who was big as either one of y'all from Pittsburgh. There's A lot of people like big on, on the street level, like Jimmy WaPo, like there's a lot of people. But I think to Pittsburgh, I don't even know Emini here we're just Mac and Wiz. That's it. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah, you got That. Gotta be inspiring the whole city in some way. Yeah. Yeah Man, I think you're the first. Who else would I have known from Pittsburgh? I think it like yeah, You as far as music and as far as on that level, like traveling The World, doing collabs with major artists.


No. Yeah, me and Mack for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's been, it is been seven years since Mac passed. Do you have those moments where you like, yo Mac not here? It kind of still bothers me just because like, he's not here like, you know what Emini here and that's the, that's the part that sucks 'cause it happened like close to my birthday. So every time it's around my birthday they celebrating, well, you know, celebrating his life too. So I'm always reminding, I'm like, damn bro. Like that one, that one's just like, it is like sometimes when people pass it's just like, yo, that's fucked up bro. Like yeah, you never really, it never really sit sits well. Like, you know what, Emini here. So that's one of them.


Did it shift anything in your life? Nah, not really. 'cause I knew him personally. Gotcha. So we would have conversations and you know, he was like, I think outta respect everybody don't speak on like how, what he was dealing with. You know what I'm saying? So we just like talk about his legacy. But it was, it was, it was a lot to see him go through that. Yeah. Yeah. Just legacy conversations wise. What were some of like what conversations still stick out to you that y'all had? You and Mac Miller? Really just how talented he was. Like just playing all the instruments and like in the studio creating like, he created totally different than I did and just watching him like put stuff together or like bring his ideas to life, that was really fun for me.


And like seeing him on stage too. He is a really good performer as well. Yeah. Just to see you smile. Was that a difficult record No. To make. Okay. No, I like to make like, I like to make real songs. Yeah. Yep. It was in, it was, like I said, it was in the moment and I talk about my mom on there. I talk about like the original, like what was going on when I first started making music And I brought it till now. And then I talk about my sibling who passed away on there as well. So no, it's not difficult for me. Is It therapeutic in a way? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I would say that. I think it's just like, for me, I have to talk about everything. Like I can't just, I can't just give you like one side of like what's going on.


And a lot of people, they may or may not want to hear that, but for the people who do, I make sure that that stuff is there And I make sure that it's it's current and that it's real to, for them to go through too. The thing I like about you Will is like you don't, I've never seen you do no goofy shit in 15 years. No. Like, and that's hard. Yeah. Being an artist of your caliber, how do you keep from doing goofy shit And of your age too? You were young. I think being from Pittsburgh, I done all my goofy shit before the camera was on. So like I didn't need to, you know, get to my twenties and you know, learn those same lessons.


I was on some boss shit and everybody around me, you gotta be on a boss level or like, we can't communicate. And that was the main thing is like, you know, not only elevating my mind, but elevating the minds of the people around me and just taking it to the next level and continuing to take it to the next level. 'cause I could have got to a point where I was satisfied, but I was like, nah, I'm gonna keep working. I'm gonna keep going. And even at this point now, I see things that people don't even see for myself. So these are the things that I'm going after while I'm, while I'm doing what I'm doing. Even the team I see, you know, I see Will still around. Yep. You know, you got Chevy Woods on the album. Yep. Juicys on the album. Yep. Like, it's like Ty.


Yep. It's like, does that all keep you grounded in a way? Emini here, that's the producers. Yeah. That's really who's in my phone? Like all the homies. Like, I don't hang out with, you know, new people. I don't hang out with a lot of artists. I don't hang out with like, people who do things in their city that is, you know, like that. I don't be in niggas hoods like that. I just, I be with my, my team, my dogs. I create content. I be in the studio, I be with my kids. I be in the gym. So like, if it is the people who do that stuff with me, and that's why the album is what it is like with the group of people who it is. And even, even even with Gunna on the album, like Gunna is, He's on Five Star Song.


Yeah. He's, he's partners with some of my, my real homies. So like, we just never got in the studio and recorded, but we felt like, you know, this would be a good time to do something like that. But it wasn't, it's never, you know, you know how the industry is. Yeah. It is not like that with me. And people, people can't, first of all, gun is super talented. Yeah. Number one. And, and you, you not a, you're not a street artist. Never Have been. Exactly. Yeah. So They can't give you no flack for that. Yeah. I Don't as, I don't associate with all that. That's stuff I don't, that doesn't dictate anything when I'm making my decisions. So I'm, yeah, we not on that. Have People tried though? 'cause I, I didn't see that. What tried to give you flack for working with Gun on the project?


If, if they did, I didn't see it either. Okay. Yeah. Is that A baby bottle on you? That tattoo A Baby bottle? No, a spray can. Oh God. You might need to go get that. Lemme see. Yeah, it doesn't look like a baby bottle. Definitely the unc it's your eyes. I you coming up The COI Fish? No, it's still on there. On the other side. It's still There. You remember when you was getting Back in the day? I know. Yeah. Yeah. You trying to, you trying to go viral again? No, Wait, I wasn't here. What happened? It Don't matter. It's Joke. It made an old joke. Get some new shit, period. Hey Wiz man, keep doing what you do man. Thank you. You are a, a, a blueprint. Thank you. Whether people realize it or not appreciate it. You know what I'm saying? From the music aspect, even to the entrepreneurial aspect, you got strains of weeds.


You got mushrooms. Yeah. You Got liquid def. Liquid Liquid death. Yeah. You involved in that. Get the fuck outta that is so on brand for you. Yeah. Oh my God, I didn't know Liquid Death was yours. Yes sir. Explain that. How did you get involved Early before they even took off. Like it was like, hey, boom, boom, bam. And the whole business thing and the whole, you be a part of this. Wow. We do that and Liquid Death. I know about the gin. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. With Sovereign Brands. This was, yeah, I've been, I've been a part of this, this company almost 10 years now. Liquid Death. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Yeah. You see that shit everywhere. Yes. That is so everywhere. The first time I saw it I was like, what? Why are you drinking that? And then they explained that it was water.


It is water. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, oh, okay. But even the can and the way that it's branded, it just fits your whole aesthetic. Yep. That's, what else do you do? Businesswise on the back end at like Emini here if you wanna talk about it, but I feel like there's a whole portfolio back there that the people might not know, Like you said McQueen, but we, we are part of that whole company though. The whole Deuce and Bel Air and all of that. The Violet a frog, that's the same thing, right? The frog. Yes. Frog. When you say part of the, not a frog. Okay. When you say part of the company, there's ownership there. Are you, 'cause I know you have the, the the alcohol brands with Them. Yeah, that's what we're talking about. Okay. Yeah, there's ownership there. It's like, it's it like with business and, and being a part of companies and having, some of these companies aren't even, you know, public yet.


So you buy into companies, you have ownership, you have percentage. There's a lot of different ways to, you know, become a part owner or just be a part of a business without starting it. That's right. And and that's where, you know, the be the best decisions come in and it's all about timing too. Oh, PFL as well, I don't know if you guys have heard of Professional Fighters League, but I'm involved with them too. We just bought Be Tours and UFC and then there's PFL. That's it. I heard Of PFL. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yep. I'm, I'm down with, with them too. And You gotta fight in one of those. Nah, I don't think I'm gonna fight. I don I don't think I'm no amateur match. You built for that. I'm definitely built for it. Yeah. But I don I don't wanna do it. Like that's not what I train for. I just train to, to feel good. I don't, I don't train to, you know, risk my life.


Those dudes risk their lives in there. Like somebody could die. That's true. And like, what's the point of me getting in there and like risking half of my face not working to just to, you know what, Emini here entertain everybody. Like what I do on is on stage and I'm good with that. Like, you feel Me? What about celebrity squabbles though? Like just to keep people outta trouble. Like, I saw two, damn, who was it? I just seen two rappers Square up. Yeah, I think, I think like rappers should meet in the gym and they should fight for sure. Like with with gloves, mouthpiece. Yeah. With a clock. You know, like you should set it up like if you really got a problem with somebody. And that's the thing about like training martial arts or just any type of, you know, combat sport is like, you don't want to do it randomly.


You feel me? Like, if we really gonna do this, if you feel like that tomorrow or next week or next month, then like by all means, please come down here, let's meet up and let's get it cracking. I think that more people would benefit off of that for sure. Last time you been in a fight. I don't fight, bro. Yeah, I'm just talking about even in the sparring, like, oh, I spar all the time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't fight in the streets though. That's, that's, that's out that Where's Khali from man? Yes. Cushion Orange Juice though. I made it through. Say Yes. Like I made it Through. Come on now. It's easy For Wiz Y'all cool. I came to see y'all C Orange Juice and y'all about to go on tour. The Taylor Game World tour. May 20th World. Yep. Taylor Game, The World Christian Orange Juice two.


Follow me on all socials. TikTok Wiz Khalifa, Instagram Wiz Khalifa X Wiz Khalifa. Yeah, it is Wiz Khalifa The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up. The Breakfast Club


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Top reasons technology pros. Wanna move to Ohio, a thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects, and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you. And since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com.


Spring cleaning. Sure if we have to, but we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting. They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feat. New premiers, returning series, exclusive interviews. The top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the best Spring streaming pics.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.