
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. Wake that ass up Early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Tyshaun Jones on his sheet it says he's the first black professional skateboard.


Is that true? No, no. That's what I said. It can't be the first black. That's Lil Wayne. Hell no. Nah, nah. Not the first. But You are a professional skateboarder, Correct? Correct. Now how do you get to a, a quote unquote professional skateboarder title? Well, I always explain it to people like music, you know what I'm saying? Or not, not like music, like basketball. So there's phases, there's three phases. First you go flow, let's say that's like high school basketball, then you go amateur. That's college, and then you go pro. That's MBA. Okay. And and what makes you pro? Is it It's just a company. A board company has to turn you pro.


Gotcha. So like that's the way the culture is like your skateboard company is. Who determines when you go pro? And is your company like an agency or is it just like a governing company that looks at like what you've been doing? Like track record competitions or? No, it's like a company that like you would be sponsored by this's individual one. So like, I don't know, like, I'm trying to explain it in a way that child would maybe remember. Like you remember like Zoo York? Yep. So Zoo York is a skateboard company or was previously They don't, I don't think they make skateboards anymore, but Zoo York would turn you pro if you respond about 'em. So that'd be like basically like your team picking you up to go to the a And it's a very lucrative business.


That's why I don't understand why more people don't, you know, get involved in it. Yeah, I think it's lucrative in a sense. Like certain people, it's, it is wishy-washy. Some people get paid, some people don't really get paid. It's kind of like, it depends. It's, it just depends who you are. And I guess your image, I first heard about you sadly through some drama when you got kicked in fucking Paris. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's, that's what I did. And I was like, New York Pro skateboarder, Tyshawn Jones kicked off his bike by a screen while riding in Paris. And then when I saw the video I'm like, oh, he black. Yeah. That was very interesting occurrence. What, Why, why, why was that? What did, did you ever find out what that was about?


So I never told the full story. I just kind of put it on Instagram. 'cause it was funny to me. I was like, 'cause people like, you know the, like when stuff happens, it's like people can't, it is not gonna believe this if I tell 'em like, so, and it just so happened my agent got a video. He's not my agent, he's my team manager for Adidas. I'm sponsored by Adidas. So, oh, I Thought it was just a random person who had got it On video. No. So I'm gonna tell you the full story. So, and usually I'm deep, like I'm with like a bunch of my friends and we, we was in Paris, we'd go eat or we go into the shows and stuff. We attend d we riding around on the bikes. The one day I'm alone. I'm not, well not alone, but I'm just with somebody who's not about that life at all.


So I'm with my team manager from Adidas and he's like, let's go get breakfast. And I'm like, okay. And he's like, let's ride. I'm like, he's like, you wanna take a cab? I'm like, nah, let's just ride bikes. 'cause Paris traffic is crazy. So we get downstairs, we grab the bikes, we're riding the bikes and we get like two blocks from the hotel. And I'm wearing a, the Victor, Victor hoodie, you know, Steve is my manager. So he Steve with Steven. So he's like, I'm gonna film you because I'm gonna send Steven a video. You wearing the hoodie. But before he started filming me, I have my skateboard And I have, I have a bag in my hand. So like in Paris, the bikes, they're not like city bikes.


Like they don't have a straps. So I have the skateboard in the bucket and I'm holding the bike with my other hand. So like my, like my, what's the word I'm looking for? My balance is off. So I'm like, I'm, I'm biking kind of slow. And then this, this guy's like trailing me and I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, yo, go in front of me bro. Like you see. I'm like, you know what I'm saying, go around. I got like a lot of stuff in my hand. So he comes to the side of me and we're like face to face and he's like, he's like, you fucking American, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like, you get in my country, da da da da. And I'm like, how you Gonna, you was American accent. My accent. Your accent. Okay. I know you were talking. Okay, okay, Okay. So my team manager from Adidas is behind me.


He's filming, he's, no, he's not filming at this point. He's just like behind me. And I look at him And I give him a look. Like I look back at him 'cause he know like, I'm not going for that. So we look at each other and he's like, please Tyshaun. No. And I'm like, And I look back at the guy and he's like screaming at me and I'm like, get outta my face or it's gonna be an issue. And then he's still going and I'm like, so I kind of just like push him away from me. Like I give him like, I'm like move, he bikes off. So whatever. We're like, we're just biking now. We bike like five blocks down, like the full video's like a minute long. We're biking and the guy must have biked off, waited to the side and, and I'm like, we get like six blocks down and I'm just like biking.


I'm just going to get breakfast with my team manager from Adidas, who's like a German guy who's like the most peaceful guy in The World. And this guy, I just get kicked off the bike outta nowhere. I'm just biking. I just fall on the floor. So I'm like, what the fuck just happened? And I get up And I see the guy like zooming on the bike. So then I look at my team manager and I'm like, it's over. Like I'm, I don't want to hear nothing like I'm going to get him. So I grabbed my bike And I start chasing him. But you know, we from New York. So you don't know Where you going? You No, no. Not that he has like one of those bikes with like the, like a throttle bike. So it was way faster than my bike. He moving On you.


So you Trying to go. So I'm trying to get him, he had a Ferrari by himself. Yeah. It, it was like a movie. Like I, I see him but he's like fading away and he makes a right. And when I get to the corner, let's say 10 seconds later, it's like three ways. It's like this way, this way or this way. So I'm like, which way did he fucking go? So then I just go straight And I don't see him and I'm like, oh my God. And then I was like, people like, like, like I was biking, I'm like trying to find this guy. Someone's like, yo, what's up Tyshawn? I'm like, oh my God, someone's gonna see me like fighting this guy in Paris. But I couldn't find him so I had to give up and you gotta Take your out because Yeah, no, no. It was Funny You pushed him first. Emini here. I didn't push him first. He Emini here. It wasn't like I was just like, get outta my face.


I wasn't like, I didn't start him. I was like, you know, you in my, you know somebody coming up to you and they screaming at you. You gonna be like, yo, just back, like, back up. What you doing? It wasn't like, I was like, you know, 'cause I didn't want to be on that type of time and what, you know? Yeah. Yeah. So, And he laid and waited for you? Yeah. And that's not for you Mr. Skateboard to kick push nigga, you know how many calls, you know How many, you know how many calls I got like, yo, you allowed that to happen. I'm like, are you like, come on bro. Like that, that didn't go down the way it looked. But then when I got to breakfast and he showed me the video, I was like, airdrop me that. Like, I have to post that. Like, it was just too funny. Like sometimes you have to laugh at yourself. Like, I don't take myself that serious. And I'd be like, like it's nothing I could do And I'm gonna go around Paris and look for this guy.


Like So When you said, why would you do that? You didn't realize it was the guy you had just got into it at first? No, no, no. I was playing, I was trolling. Oh, alright. I was just messing around. I knew why he did it Emini here. Even though I didn't think he, you know, I really did anything to him. He started with me. He was cursing at me and like screaming at me in French, calling me a effing American. But yeah, that's the full story for The World. Damn. Now how did, how did you get into to to skateboarding and when did you think it was gonna be a business? Because you know, most people, you know, they, they skateboard, they ride bikes for fun as a kid. Yeah. But when did you say, oh this is a business. This is gonna be my life. So I'll tell you the story how I got into skateboarding. It's really funny actually. So my brother at the time, he's still my brother, but we're not cool.


That's another funny story. But damn He, we were at his cousin at his grandmother's house and her nieces and nephew lived there. And you remember those TVs that like was kind of built it, not TVs, but it'll be a TV and it's like, like the, like the speakers and stuff under, it's like big speakers. And then it had like cabinets where you could put stuff big. Exactly. And then it had like, you remember like the seedy things, the books you could open up. I Was born in 1,978. Exactly. You know, you remember, remember when came, So it was one of those, they had that and they just had a bunch of video games in it and we wanted it. And we knew they wouldn't like ask us Emini here, they wouldn't give it to us.


So we were like, let's take it. So we took like a couple of video games and put it in my private parts. So like, if they started looking for it, they wouldn't know where it went. We just, we don't know. How Will you make stealing sounds? You made it sound like Yeah, you was just cool. I just took it like you make, we were kids. Kids. We were kids. We were like, I was like, nah, he was probably 13. So we took, I took the, we took the video games and one of 'em happened to be a skateboarding game. Tony Hawk Was porn. Not Tony. Not Tony Hawk. It is called Skate. Okay. It was just called Skate. They have Skate one, skate two, skate three. And they, they're finally making a new one after like a decade. So I started playing the, the video games.


And when I played the game we were like, I was like really in the video games. We didn't really go outside. I lived in Jersey at this time And I learned about skateboarding and kind of like the tricks and stuff from playing the video game. And one day it was like summer, my mom came home and she was like, all y'all do is play the video game. Like, y'all need to go outside. And I was like, we were like, we don't have no money. So she gave us like $60 each. And then we walked to Target and bought skateboards and then Wow. From there I just kept skating and skating And I was probably like nine, 10 at the time. I didn't really know I could maybe make money off of it till I was like 14. Signed with when I started. Started getting paid. Yep. Signed with Supreme.


Before you signed with Supreme, what was your connection to like fashion and like the arts? 'cause I think you, you talked about people in your, in skateboarding make money based off of kind of like your look and kinda like the brand people know you for like your look, your brand, your fashion as well too. Like what was that connection before you started getting a brand deals? Emini here, I'm raised in New York. I'm from Bronx, Harlem. So I feel like just like styling all of that has been around. So just watching my family and stuff grow up, I was always getting fly and stuff. So I feel like my mom always kept me in like good clothes and stuff. So I would always have like cool gear to skate in. And then I guess that, you know, potentially moved on into me skating in it and then getting noticed and then, yeah.


How did you convince your, your, your, your mom that you know, this could actually be a profession? I had to beg her honestly. I remember when the first deals was coming around, even signing with Supreme, like the money was so small. Like she was like, they trying to play you, you look up on Google, they worth, I think at the time it was 40 million. Your mom, mom was Definitely for me. She was, they not about to play my son, da da da da. And I used to like cry. I had to beg her like, just please trust me. Like I'm, I'm not doing this for money. I would do it for free. Like, this is like, it's gonna come. I just have to like build my name. I knew that if I like grind it one day I could potentially make money and like make some, some real money. But it wasn't really about the money to me at that time, you know, I was just young And I was like, I would do this for free.


So, you know, I just needed the opportunity. I love stories like this because, you know, I always say you just gotta listen to your kids and your kids will tell you exactly what it is that they wanna do. So you was playing this skate game and then when you got this money, you went out and you bought this skateboard. Like what was in your mind, like what was on your spirit that said, I know this is what I want to do for the rest of my life. This is what's gonna change the trajectory of my life? Well, I remember it was like a definitive moment where I like made a decision. I, And I was young, I wanted to be a wrestler And I wanted to be Spider-Man too. Like that's what I was into. Like I used to have like, I used to like really like Spider-Man. I thought that that was a profession.


And Morales or Peter Parker Character? Nah, Toby McGuire. McGuire, okay. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was that, yeah, Peter Parker. And then I wanted to be a wrestler as well. And then I, but I was skating so I would like, I was like, my mom was like, which one are you getting to be? And then I was just like, we moved back to the Bronx And I was like, yeah, I'm gonna just skate. Like that was the most fun to me and I just stuck with that. So yeah. And there was a period where it's like hip hop really, I guess kind of made skateboarding And I guess Emini here I'm cool. Or maybe we would, I'm not gonna say cool 'cause it was already cool. But when the hip hop artists started doing it, it kind of made it easier for you as a black kid to be doing it.


Right? Yeah, for sure. I feel like growing up in the Bronx and stuff, people would be like, make references Tony Hawk obviously. Who else skated Lil Wayne? We seen stuff Like that. Lupe. Yeah, I feel like, but even though like Lupe, he's known, but I feel like certain people where I'm from at least, I'm not gonna say they don't know Lupe, but that ain't, that's not like first to mind. Like they'd probably be like, yeah, like Wayne And I don't even know who, like, I seen Pharrell 'cause they Would pick push, but I don't, I don I don't think they put two together. I don think they put two and two together. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't know if they even know who sang that song. It was just more like a famous song. What did that do for skateboarding culture from your perspective?


Emini here, that was already like out, so I, I didn't see it firsthand, but I don't think skateboarding was accepted where I grew up. Like it was like, people used to just like kind of laugh and thought it was like funny that I skated, but I was into it. But I remember I, I kind of lived like two lives. Like, 'cause you know, I grew up in New York and like having like family in the streets and stuff, so they always kept me fly. So when I would go to school I would wear like Jordans and like, stuff like that. But then I would go home and like put on my skate clothes and it was kinda like I had a double life. Like I would go to school in the Bronx in like this crazy environment and then I would like go home, change my clothes, take the train all the way downtown.


And it was like a different world for me. Like it was white people, Asian people, all different type of race is just brought together by skateboarding. And it's not really like color and skateboarding, like, it's just like everybody kind of having fun. So I used to get into it a lot too. Like I, I would always see, I feel like they, people always thought skateboarders was soft. Yeah. And I would always see skateboarders fuck somebody up all the time. Yeah. With them skateboards beat somebody's ass and, and, and beat somebody's car up. Did y'all always get in in into problems or trouble where people thought y'all were soft or cut y'all off or Oh yeah, for sure. Definitely. I think like people don't associate skateboarding with like being tough, but you know, it's just like, it's anything, you know, I'm not saying that people walk around like I'm a tough guy, but nigga's not soft.


It's just like, but like a skateboard is a weapon. If you hit somebody with a weapon, like I've known people who hit people with skateboards and like put them in a coma like, ooh, you don't even play with that. Like, it's like a metal object that could really hurt somebody. So that's like, if you have to do that, but obviously like you see in kids, they hit the guy with the skateboard and stuff. It's happened but it's really dangerous. It's funny too, you said you used to get fly, but then you go home and dress like a skater, but there was a time where that was getting fly for some people. Yeah, Emini here. I remember, I remember the transition, like at first, like I used to wear a skate, skate like skate stuff and they would be like, that's like you look like a white boy or whatever. But then it kind of like got popular, you know, with like street wear and all that stuff.


And then it was more accepted. So it was funny to see the transition. But it is dope when, you know, to me some skaters don't like it when they feel like people come into the culture. But I think it's cool it brings more eyes to the sport and all of that stuff. So Was Virgil I, I read that Virgil, you and Virgil Abloh had a really good relationship. Yeah, we were cool. Speaking of street wear. Yeah. Yeah, we were actually working on something before he passed away. It never came to light, but yeah, Virgil was cool. We would talk and we were gonna do a collaboration with my brand and off-White that we were working on. But yeah, his untimely demise yeah.


Never came out. When stuff like that happens, do you just let the whole idea die or do you Find somebody else Emini here? I really didn't have a, I didn't know what to do. Like, you know, at that time


The World is constantly changing if's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fm, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Here everybody, it's your favorite play. Cousin Junior from the Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb a side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma. Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com, Toyota's official website for deals or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This 2021, I remember my modeling agent called me and told me, but I wasn't gonna be like, you know, people are grieving and stuff like that. I'm not gonna reach out to his family or like, yo, we, you know, sorry for your loss, but by the way we were working on it. You know what I'm saying? Give them tech facts. Yeah, exactly. Like at that point to me it was like, you know, if they, if somebody from his team knew about it and they, and they reached out and was like, I knew you guys were working on this. Like we want to continue it, but that never happened and it's okay, you know. How Much do you have to hurt yourself to get as good as you have gotten? Like how many falls, injuries? Broken bones, Knock on wood. I never really, I never broke a bone. Okay. But you obviously you fall and stuff like, I just think skateboarding teaches like, it's, it's like a life lesson.


Like you have to keep going to get over the hurdle, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah, if I had a dollar for every time I've heard, like, yeah I tried skateboarding once, but I fell And I quit. You know what I'm saying? Because people don't like to fall once or twice and then they're just like, oh that hurt. But like, you get used to it. It's like working out when you first start working out, your body's really sore and you keep doing it and you keep doing it and you get used to it and you learn. You just have to like wanna, you know what I'm saying, strive to get better. I Was asking, you know, what do you do to push the limit, right? Because I've seen a lot of things. You did, you work with Louis Vuitton, right? You with Steven Victor. He's a friend of the house. Friend of the house. I've, I've seen you jump over million dollar Ferraris in the middle of Manhattan.


So, so so what do you do to, to push the limit for, for the next generation that you know, things that we haven't seen or things that you want to do? I just think it's limitless. You know, like I even like to the Ferrari, let's just use that as an example. Like I try to, when I skate, I want to like make it relatable because skateboarding to me is so, what's the word? It's just like, you don't understand it. You just see like somebody flying in the air. And I think that skateboarding gets like culturally it's like accepted because people understand it's cool and it's like the like, you know like, I don't know, some people won't call it a sport, but it's the sport that like the outsiders, 'cause you do it alone, it's individual where like basketball or something like that.


It's a team and you go to a stadium and stuff like that and it's more, you could dissect it easier. Like, you know, somebody's running down the court, they pass, they shoot, it's two, it's three. You know what I'm saying? Trick skateboarding, you can't learn everything. It's impossible because there's like combos you could jump onto this table and manual and this, that, you know what I'm saying? So it's literally impossible to be able to do every trick. So, And I think that's why I gravitated to it as well because you know, to me I like to keep setting the bar. But You still learn new tricks. You still do new things or Oh man, it's kind of hard because Emini here, I, I try to learn new tricks. Sometimes I get new tricks, but now I'm at a point like, you know, it's a gift of the curse but I go to the skate park and people watch me.


So it's kind of, you can't just like run, you know what I'm saying? So it's kind of like a little like weird sometimes trying to learn a trick because people look at you at this point like you're a professional. Like they think in their mind, like you probably could just land everything. So when you're trying to like go into the, like I'm trying to train kind of vibe at like a public place and somebody might be filming you or this, it's just kind of hard, you know what I'm saying? You don't see, you know, Luca in a park practicing, you know what I'm saying? He has a private facility where he's training and he could try to learn new things. So I'm working on that right now to try to get a private indoor skate park so I could practice. Are There new tricks though?


Emini here? Yeah. Not new tricks, but tricks you probably haven't done, you know what I'm saying? Like Emini here, I sorry to keep referring back to basketball, but like, you know, somebody might not be able to go left as easy as, you know what I'm saying? So they could practice that or they can't dunk through their leg, you know what I'm saying? So it's impossible to know everything, you know, as good as you are, you could always progress. So, you know, I know Charlotte asked about what was the lv, the friend of the house thing. I told him you would explain it and Pharrell brought you into that. Was it because of the Virgil relationship or just because he's been like was watching what you've been doing? I'm sure I don't, I don't know if it's because of the Virg relationship. I think he's just a fan of skateboarding and he obviously skateboards.


He likes the sport and the culture and probably thought I was a good representative for the brand. And I guess I'm sponsored by Louis Vuitton. Does it mean you do events with them? They send do clothing? Yeah, events, clothes, go to the shows, campaigns, stuff like that. So yeah, money. Money. Are black people accepted into skating? Like is it one of those things where it's just Yeah, I think black people skate is accepted as skating for sure. Emini here. I don't think there's like a lot of professional black skaters. Maybe like 20, 25. But yeah, we we're accepted. Yeah, for Sure.


And what, what's the evolution of skateboarding and, and really the evolution of you? 'cause you know, when I hear things like skateboard is coming out, I'm like, well damn, are you in that? Is there gonna be a film about I don TV Show? Like I'm in, I'm in an Tony Hawk coming out, so Oh wow, that's cool. They got a new one, they remastering. So that's about to come out. I was in the last one. The evolution of skateboarding. That's a great question. I don't know. It's in Olympics now, you know, I just think it's getting bigger and better. Like Louis Vuitton is sponsoring it, so I'm excited to see where it goes. And maybe it does get to a place where it's like a basketball or a football and people really dive into it more and look at it and you know, try to understand it a little bit more besides just like skateboarders are cool or like have like a fashion aspect to them.


So honestly the, it's unknown where it could go. I think the sky's the limit And Tony Hawk's still the the guy Guy, right? Like he is he the the, the godfather of it all. Like For sure. Okay. It's, it is interest. We had a, I was having a conversation with somebody. It's interesting that he's the only like, he made it like really mainstream. Like when people think of skateboarding, they refer to him. Tony. Tony, yeah. Yeah. But it's only been one like, you know, like imagine music, when people thought of rap, they're just like Biggie, right? Biggie. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You wanna be like biggie, but there's a thousand rappers, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that just goes to show like how like skateboarding is just weird in that way. That it hasn't been like everybody who, who's like super famous off skateboarding, they got famous doing other things.


Like Tony Hawk, he's so famous because of the video games. Rob Ek is Rob Ek because he had the TV show. So I think there's always another element to like getting over to that real mainstream level. You know what I'm saying? I don't think anybody's ever successfully did it just being a skateboarder. Mm. That's how, you know, somebody famous because I'm watching the, the, the Super Bowl commercial, the Draft Kings commercial. This, I think it was this weekend, was it this weekend? Last weekend. Last weekend. And it was like, it was Kevin Hart was in it and the Undertaker and Emmett Smith and Ludacris and Dr. J and Tony Hawk. Yeah. You know what Emini here and I'm just like, oh that's Tony. And like you don't even think about it, but that's just how famous he is because I don't want, I'm not in this skating, he, He's a name at this point.


It is like he's a he, he's huge. He's, I actually said to myself, damn Tony Hawk got old. Yeah, Tony Hawk is grown so it's Emini here. That's what I, when I was having a conversation with my peoples, he was like, who's gonna carry that sword forward? I'm not saying that's gonna be me or whatever, you know, but it would be interesting to see who's able to obtain that level next. You know what I'm saying? Who's gonna be the next generation of skateboarding at the Charlemagne or the Envys? Like you want to be the, you know what I'm saying? Jones. Jones. It only Jones, Shaw Jones. It only refers back to Tony Hawk. That's right. I don't even know how I know Tony Hawk exactly. I think I know Him of video games, video, Video games, Emini here. He's commercials. I really don't know. I'm just, I've known him my whole life but I don't know him. Like why do I have, I feel like he's like Shaq at this point or like a Snoop Dogg.


Like he gets like endorsements. Like he's like on a, I don't know, like a what's the ax commercial or something, you know what I'm saying? So like he's like famous in like Middle America and all of these places 'cause like they really watch TV and you know, all of those things. I wonder what gets you to that? I think again it has to be another element. 'cause I think skateboarding you don't understand it. It's just flying in the, in the sky or you doing a trick or he jumped down some stairs or oh that looked crazy. You know what I'm saying? If you don't skateboard you don't understand it. Right. So, you know. Yeah. Do you like, because it's not a lot of black skateboarders, do you ever have issues sometimes where like people are like, there's discrimination, racism, like that type of thing?


Like do you come up against that at all? It seems like you're Emini here not seems like you're doing very well. You have all the major brands, but even with like the LV thing, you know there's always like the push for more black in the couture spaces, but you're a couture in that world and you're also a skateboarder and people are always, you know, we don't know much about the skateboarding. I wouldn't say like in a brand space Emini here. Obviously I've experienced like weird things throughout my career. I've been in skating since I was 13, you know, but it was maybe from like other pro skaters but you know, it not like from like companies or anything I would say. But you know, I wouldn't make it like a race thing like oh it's so like diverse but certain things happen.


Yeah. Sometimes when you in spaces and stuff and it wasn't like anything super catastrophic but like, you know, I just wonder 'cause don't hear much about it. Like Yeah we don't hear much about like with the NFL there's so much conversations and NBI don't, I've never heard anything. Yeah. Post skateboard. We gotta rage against the machine. Yeah. Emini here. I think that if there is like skateboarding is so small that like, even if there are things that did happen, people don't really wanna speak up. 'cause skateboarding is like controlled by like the people, the OGs who had the market for so long. Gotcha. So it's like if you come out and you're like maybe controversial then they could just like clip you.


Yeah. And I love your hoodie 'cause you know The Simpsons, that's another reason I think of skateboarding so much. 'cause of Bart. Bart, Yeah. Was that any influence? Nah, it was really just a video game. I don't know. This was a gift from a friend, but yeah, I never really watched The Simpsons like a couple episodes, but yeah, You saw bar on the skateboard Obviously. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's like famous for sure. Absolutely. And how'd you connect with Steven Victor? Through a friend. I called a friend And I was like, I'm looking for a, a Ferrari or like a sports car And I wanna jump over. I was like, I know your friend has some, do you think he would like, let me rent one from him and, and do it?


And he's like, let me call you back. And I was like, all right. He called me back like immediately and he was, we were all on threeway and he was like, so tell him what you wanna do. And I was like, I want to like jump over your car with a skateboard. Would you let me rent it? I'll like put some insurance mo like I'll put some money down in case something happens. And he was like, nah, that's what insurance is for. And I was like, all right. He's Even is Crazy. And he is like, he is like, that sounds fire. Like let's do it. Let's meet. And a friend had been coming to New York 'cause he was living in LA and he was like, we're gonna go to his office. And then we came to his office and he was, he was like, so what do you wanna do again?


And I was like, just telling him like, he's like, you think you could do it? I was like, yeah, I think so. Like, for sure. And then he's like, all right, we gonna set it up this week. And then like three days later we made it happen. It was just something I wanted to do. Like I just have, you know, random ideas. Sometimes You make it sound real, like Yeah, like that wasn't a typical Ferrari Because Yeah, no, for It was like one of very few being Able to call a friend who gets Steven Victor on the phone. No, this Ferrari is about a 2 million Ferrari, probably 4 million right now. This it has no top. It's it's one of those ones that there is no fixing it. Yeah, you, you fucked that up. It's, it's, it's a wrap. But it was it, but that's why you say you make it sound like that, but it, it was innocent. It wasn't like so premeditated.


Like I wanted to do it, but I didn't know that it was gonna be like that way. You know what I'm saying? Like I didn't, no, not even just the car. I didn't know that like people would gravitate to it so crazy. I thought, you know what I'm saying? But it resonates, you know exactly how I said like, you don't know tricks, but you know that car, you get what I'm saying. Right. So in your mind you like, oh shit, he just jumped over a, a $4 million car. You know what I'm saying? So, and The way I first saw it, I just thought it was the car was parked and you just did it rogue. I'm like, yeah. Then when I found out that, well, I said Steven is crazy. Yeah. Like I don't know what he got too much money for all that man. So basically Steven Victor charged you 10 to 15% for the rest of your life just to jump over his car. We made up, we made a moment. You know, we trying to make more.


Well we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you so much, man. Appreciate it. And we love What you for having me Keep encouraging kids, man. And Thank you. I'm gonna be honest with you. You, you the only skateboarder I know right now, so I'm gonna be watching you and in my mind you Tony Hawk. So when I bring up skateboard now this time Show Jones. I'm like, yeah. Tyshawn Jones. You know what, Emini here, chilling it out here. That's right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for having me. And it's a real full circle moment. I'm not gonna lie. I watch Breakfast Club on YouTube, like I'll be on YouTube when I go home And I watch you guys stuff. So really appreciate you having me. Absolutely. I was gonna bring a skateboard to see if you could teach us all a trick, but we too old for that. First of all, when you hear me not getting back up when I get to, when I get the skate park, y'all come through, Say no more. All right. It's Tyshawn Jones, it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex and haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro? I'm gonna rip your Arms off and use them to, Yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hi, I'm Arto Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I can't Wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart women's Sports,


Calling all Yellowstone fans. Let's go to work. Join Bobby Bones on the official Yellowstone podcast for exclusive cast interviews behind the scenes insights, and a deep dive into the themes that have made Yellowstone a cultural phenomenon. Our Family legacy news, This ranch And I protector of my life. Listen to the official Yellowstone podcast now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.