
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Okay, I got some good news and I've got some great news. The good news is that Amazon Prime Day is almost here. The great news this year, prime Day will last four days from July 8th to the 11th. We're talking about four days of unbelievable deals in every category you can think of. So this is your chance to save big on well, whatever you're into. Tools, appliances, clothes, toys, everything. The countdown is on Shop Prime Day, July 8th to the 11th.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes we do. Now she is the first black woman to host a syndicated morning show. She had one in New York in Philly, has one in New York right now she does entertainment report on picks 11. And she has her own morning show is where I got my start. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Ms. Jones. AKA Jonesy. Welcome. Okay, good morning. Thank you. Yes, thank you Envy. Thank you for that. Thank you for having me here. Oh, look at that. So if, if you don't know Jones is how I got my start in morning radio and I'll just break down the story and then I'll let you girls take over.


'cause I know everything about Jones. Yeah. So I True i's, so I was doing morning radio with Joe Button at Hot 97. This is when Star Buck left, sway left. They tried a bunch of different shows, it didn't work. And they had Joe Button and me, we were doing Morning show and Joe Button was a rapper at the time. So he was doing his, he was on tour and doing all types of things and it just didn't work. So they brought in Jones and when they brought in Jones, me and Jones really didn't have a relationship. We knew of each other but didn't know each other. And I remember the first day, you know, me being nosy, I was ear hustling And I found out she took, she was talking, I don't know, her manager or whoever at the time. And she said how much they made and how much they were giving her.


Mm. And I pulled her to the side And I said, look, just to let you know, they paid Joe button this much, so you should ask for that much. And right then and There, that's what's up. We became Brother and sister said two 50. That's what he said. They paying Joe two 50 And we became brother and sister. She asked for that. And I asked for, I got more. You Got more. That's right. You a starting point. So thank You. Yes. And that's how our brother and sister became. And from there on, we've been through ups and downs and battles and wars and we always had each other's backs. The good, the bad we, we were always there for each other. And even after we always there for each other. And that's how it became. So she's somebody that I look up to in radio. So when I talk about radio, she taught me how to do interviews.


Yeah. She taught me how to tease. She taught me how to not have anything to talk about and just pull a topic outta thin air and make it big. Like she was the moments. And she was somebody that mentor or idolized when it came to radio 'cause she knew how to do it. And she did it so effortlessly. So Ms. Jones, ladies and gentlemen, thank you. I you love how you advocated for her, first of all. Like you, because you know, nobody would've, did you know what I'm saying? Not many people would do that. Oh, this person getting paid this. And you knew that. You knew who she was and that her worth and what she was worth. You know? And That was real, your value. No one does that anymore. No, nobody, no. So that, that's really dope. Thank you. How do you feel about how radio is ran today? The, the, the, the current state of radio today?


You know what? Business is always business. Once I got that, once I understood that, it just became an an understanding of do your show and expect them to perform the business. Once you take the personal out of it, it's easier to just focus and move on and do your other things. Yeah. Let's talk about you getting to radio. So before radio you were a music artist. Yes. R and b singer. Yeah. I had singles where I wanna be. Boy, my first album actually never came out. It wasn't until I left Stepson Records and got with Andre Harrell at Motown. It was gonna be the new Motown. And then he got fired. And then it was just bringing the a and r, bringing the new, it just, it was a mess.


So I'm glad that when they asked me to do weekends at Hot 97, although first I was like, radio, I'm gonna be a big singer star, I don't got time. I'm glad I humor them. Yeah. Because that wound up maintaining my lifestyle, which wasn't a huge lifestyle, but paying my bills. 'cause my mother died June 26th. Sorry about that. Of 91. Right after I got home from college, my dad died freshman year. So I had nothing. Wow. I had nothing. So I needed that little weekend job And I didn't know I would wind up needing it to be my full-time job when they offered me mornings. Now Jones was the, the r and b singer we're talking to Ms. Jones. She was the r and b singer. Kind of like how Fab used to do the Clue Mix tapes. She used to do the r and b version of that before Fab. So she would sing on the mix tapes who was ever beat was out.


She would kill it. And that's how Jones got popular. And she did with Ron G. Legendary mixtape. Dj RG. Yeah. I I No, go ahead. No that. No that. That's amazing. I ain't never had a r and b mix tape lie. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's what, oh yeah. That was the start. And it's funny because once I did it, it started catching on. But I was just doing it for fun primarily. 'cause I loved the beats And I always wanted to sing. I didn't wanna necessarily be a rapper, but that was a good fusion and it was safe. 'cause I, you know, I studied music. I thought I could sing. I know that people liked it. But hearing a mixtape on Jamaica Avenue in front of the Coliseum wall was everything. You already made it when that happened. So what happened?


Like why, why aren't we, We could blame it on a lot of things now. I'm so glad I avoided the baby oil of it all right. Okay. I'm glad please. That I always wound up with labels that didn't necessarily have the resources. Hmm. I was always with a small engine. And then when you have the other artists that have the bigger engines and maybe not necessarily the bigger talent or the bigger gifts you lose. But I flipped it And I just stayed the chorus of radio, never knowing that that would be my full-time thing. And then from radio, I would then go back to making records because last year I went back to music. I have a song called Calling All Ladies that was Grammy nominated. Wow. And this is the first time.


Congratulations ever. Thank you. So, And I have a new single. Let's play the birthday song. Hopefully Envy will give it a spin or so. No, we'll get it on this morning. Yeah. Do you think Diddy took what you were doing back then? I know for a fact he, did. You want me to tell the story? Please, Please. So if you remember the, so back then it was Mary j Blige and it was, well before that it was like maybe Alison Williams, but she wasn't really a contender 'cause she was a little more mature, her marketing. But back then it was Misha Le Alison Williams. And Mary j Blige was the new kid on the block. Misha Le was from the West coast. So she didn't really have the edge, the New York Edge. Right. And they knew, well then I came and Ron G was my person and Diddy was behind Mary.


So Mary's first album, if you go back and listen, it was really all jazz r and b Diddy always had his ear to the street. And so he heard about my stuff coming and he came to Ron g heard the mixtapes that we were doing and he knew that my album was supposed to be like the Mixtapes. Yeah. Which wound up being Mary's remix album. So when he couldn't get Ron to give him my stuff, 'cause Ron was like, no, Ms. Jones was gonna be my artist. I'm getting her a deal. He took the music and went and remixed her first album and released it before we could even get out the gate with mine. So, because he couldn't have you or not me, he wanted the music for Mary. Oh good. Okay. He wanted the music from Ronchi for Mary. So every song that was supposed to be mine, that sound that's on the, the remix album.


Right. That was, he got it from, and he tricked Ron to Ron, just bring all your tapes down here. I just wanna vibe. And Ron dumped all the tapes there. And I'm like, why would you do that? Right. In hindsight, he didn't know. We didn't know that Diddy would wind up being Right. You know, the way it was. But, so that's it. But she didn't know. Yeah. Have You and Mary j Blige ever sat and had a conversation about this And No. And she doesn't know. She doesn't. And like I, I probably shouldn't even still remember. Right. Why shouldn't you remember? Did somebody give you something where you ain't supposed to remember Emini here because it's so many years after so many years, you're supposed to move on. Mm. Right. So don't get me wrong. I have my moments of Tourette's and going down a rabbit hole hole.


But primarily I realized that she did not know. And yeah. It wasn't her fault. And I, that's not to say that even if she didn't, she wouldn't have been the huge star she is today. Right. Sure. Right. Yeah. But I just know that particular situation happened that way. And that is the truth. But I'm not denying her success. Gotcha. A note after that, Diddy did the reality show for you for free. I've heard you talk about that. He did a reality Show for you. Yeah. Remember that? Envy? Yeah. My God. What was The, what was the exact reality show? We don't even know. We were just kids. Happy to have some cameras. 'cause this is before reality shows. This is before Keisha Cole, this is before anything. And they brought cameras into the Hot nine seven Studio. So Envy was like, it would be good. It would be dope actually.


If you could get Diddy to cosign, you go shoot some scenes with Diddy. I'm like, what are we talking about? He's like, whatever. Mm. So we get in there, I get into the office and he's, first thing he says is, why are you always talking about Beyonce? And I'm like, I don't know. What are you drinking? He's like, bro, gray T do you want some? And I'm like, yeah. And then we just broke the ice and started talking. So the show never went anywhere. Right. Vy said it was horribly produced. It was so bad. How old were you at this time? What you think? 30. Okay. 30 early thirties. 30. Yeah. Early thirties. Because, Yeah, because then, yeah. 'cause when I went to Philly after that I had my 35th birthday and the mayor, it was a, like, they sent me 35 birthday cakes.


Yeah. Up to the radio station. Yeah. Damn. The mayor gave me the key to the city and all the things. So I remember it was, yeah, 30. So When you, when you left, so when you started doing weekends on Hot 97, then you started doing mornings, right? You started doing mornings with Star Starbuck Wild. How was that being into that? Because they threw you into the mix? Well, Actually before Starbuck Wild remember, and before that it was Steph Lover Kurt Flirt. And they asked me, I was home in the midst of boxes. I had to leave my apartment 'cause I could no longer afford that rent. And I'll never forget Tracy, our boss then called me and she's like, what's wrong? Why do you sound upset? And I'm like, nothing, I'm fine. And she goes, so what do you think about joining the morning show? Being like the Girl on the Streets? And I was like, yes, but I didn't wanna let her.


And I'm like, it depends how much does it pay, period. Right. So this is before the whole replace Joe Buttons thing. This is, I'm coming straight off of weekends Making Union Scale was like $120 per shift, which is really nothing to live off of. But I made it work. And now I realize that the record label is like, they're like, okay, we're done with your project. So that call changed my life. And then it was me, Steph, and Kurt Flirt. And I came back one morning and Steph yelled at me and we wound up having a fight in the studio, but we didn't know that the microphones were on so that the salespeople came running down the hall to Wow. It was crazy. So when we heard that and Tracy, we knew she was on her way into the studio, I, one of my girlfriends worked in sales and she was like, before Tracy can come to you, go back there and apologize, just apologized and said, you know, you were wrong.


And I'm like, but it wasn't that. She said, trust me. I went in there And I said, Tracy, I know I was wrong. I apologize for disrespecting you and the studio like that. I just got really emotional. So she goes, okay. Then she called Steph. Steph goes, what the fuck? I can't put, so Tracy's gonna calm down, said I'm not calming down. Mm. So she goes, you know what? Stay home indefinitely to Steph. And then that next Monday, it was me, Fatman Scoop, and Kurt flourish. Wow. She brought Scoop in to replace Steph. God rest his soul. Yeah. Yeah. It was a, it was, and it was in a moment's time. I had to think quick, listen to my friend Quain, shout out to Quain and do that.


Or else I could have been the one because her and Steph were friends. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. So then from, from that transition went from after Fatman scoop was, ugh, Scoop introduced Star and Buck Wild to Tracy. And they, he, they would wind up taking over his job in mornings. I'm like, you walked in our competition. Mm. But Scoop had that type of heart. Definitely. So they got rid of Scoop and she told me, Tracy, you better not fucking say nothing because this like, you gotta protect yourself and your life. But I'm getting rid of Scoop and I'm moving him to overnights and I'm putting you on mornings with Star and Buck Wild. Now mind you, star and Buck Wild used to write talk shit about me in their little magazine that they had. Right. As an r and b singer.


They always talking about the gap in my mouth and all the things. And I'm like, since when do dudes talk about a woman's feature? Yeah. But that was them. And so when they put me together with them, I was, you know, my Scorpio, it's always on. Are you Scorpio? I am. Are you? I'm on November 22nd. I'm on. Oh, you Scorpio, Scorpio. Oh, come on. Yeah. I'm October. Okay. But, so I still had an attitude. Yeah. So he apologized, but it don't matter. Like, you know what, Emini here. Yeah. And then he used to talk about everyone, which I understood what he was doing, but I didn't necessarily wanna be a part of that because I'm still a r and b singer trying to make a comeback. Yeah. And you gotta rub hands and shake hands and rub elbows. And I'm outside tonight. Yeah, you are not.


You go back to wherever it is you live. I'm in your streets. And I gotta, wow. Yes. Yeah. And then so why did, why did you leave that show? Because I knew all this stuff. I, We, I had I, well, before we get to why you left, I wanted to ask because it kind of sets up for that question. So just hearing that background and knowing about the magazine and you coming in with the attitude of, I gotta protect myself, is that why before you left you chose to protect yourself in the situation that With Aaliyah? Yes. That was a straight disrespect and it was too early for the bullshit. And I didn't like the fact that I knew all morning they were whispering. So I knew something was brewing. It was always something brewing with the kids. Right. Yeah. But that morning it was too soon for the bullshit. And I knew she had just died. So it was, And I was like, but I know they would never like go that far.


Well, what happened? I Don't know. So, oh, go ahead. You tell her Miss Jonesie. So Aaliyah passed away the week before. This was right before nine 11 would happen, right? Okay. Yeah. She passed away. This is tragic because no one girl r and b young singer had been dying at all. Right. The next week, star and Buck Wild, primarily Star and his assistant Reese, they decide to reenact her dying on the plane crash. And they played on air, the screams and the, and the sound of fire burning, like a plane crashing. And I knew they were up to some things. Like to this day he goes, Ms. Jones knew. No, you kept it from me and you know, you didn't tell me what it was, but when I heard it, I walked out And I said, I wish you had died in a plane rather than Aaliyah.


And then Tracy used that. She was like, you don't wish death on your coworkers and go home and you cool off. And you think about this like, she punished me. Right? She yelled at me and not them that, not on the radio. On the radio. And then an hour later McDonald's pulled their money. Burger King Pepsi, everybody pulled their money be, I don't know if it bet was Jay-Z and Dame Dash telling them this is what happened. I don't know. 'cause we didn't have social media back then. Worry didn't travel that quickly. Right. But we had a lot of listeners back then and everyone that was listening to Star, buck Wild feature, and Ms. Jones heard it and knew someone that heard it. Right. So when the corporation started pulling the money, hello Jonesy is Tracy. Mm.


Tracy the one that just told me to go home and think about it. We need you back. I have to pull star buck. Wow. Off the air The World. Everybody's mad. I bet. Yeah. And we need you to calm the, the Savage Beast. That is the, And I did what I was told and went back on air and went back on air. There was a, there's always been a conversation that either Dame or Jay-Z either called the station or came to the station or something like that. After all that happened Probably. And now that all this other stuff is coming out now years later, I'm sure they probably took her to breakfast and made the threat that either you get them off the air or else where you won't have any more Rockefeller artists I'm sure of that. I'm finding out now we're all finding out that those type of conversations were had.


Yes ma'am. You know, Wendy got let go because Diddy allegedly called Tracy and said, by the time I get back in town, she better be gone. Or you won't have any bad boy artists. But I wanna say this star was on his way right then of being let go because the listeners and the corporations would not stop, be it not for nine 11 happening the next week. He would've been let go when nine 11 happened. Everybody forgot about Aaliyah. No one gave a damn about Star or Buck Wild. Right. So we got to live to, or he got to live to see another day. Yeah. Under the quiet cloak of Let's chill, let's be easy for a little while. Let's focus on nine 11. So when, when they finally left Hot 97 and you were in Philly, Jess, right?


Yes. You got the call to come back to New York. How was that and how difficult was it back then for a woman to a woman to have her own show, especially in mornings? It Was hard when I went there had never been a woman in mornings in that format of radio in Philadelphia. But I needed a job because I was fired so abruptly as soon as things turned around and we forgot about nine 11 and everyone's back popping star without me knowing, kicked me off the show. And Tracy, I said, I don't work for him, I work for you. And she's like, yeah, but if Star doesn't feel comfortable, she didn't even let me know. And I had just gotten this fabulous apartment at the Renaissance on one 16th. Lenox was brand new. She knew this. They knew it. And she goes, well go, go talk to him. Go beg him. Go beg for your job back. Yeah.


So after She called you and begged you to come and be the saving grace Yep. Turned around. I don't know what to do now. Like Yep. Go and beg him. Yeah. Let me build it back up, let things get normalized, let the sponsors come back on. And she let him kick me off the show. And he only wanted me off the show because I was never gonna be the Robin Quivers. He wanted to be Howard Stern a lot. That was his style and whatever. But Robin Quivers to me never really had a position. If she did, she never stood up to Howard Stern. That ain't me. That was just not me. Right. So maybe I should have just been a laugh track And I would've kept that job. But thankfully I was able to go to Philly, be the first woman. I didn't know I was being the first woman.


I just knew I needed a job. Right. And ain't nobody got time to think about, oh my God, what am I gonna say? What? Just getting there and do. Right. Yeah. And so I I I did that. And now apparently they think I enjoy doing that 'cause I'm by myself at the block talking to myself and, and, and Wayne my producer. But so yeah, it worked out. It worked out for times like this where companies can't afford to have a fully staffed breakfast club. So then you came back, right? They called You back. Wait, don't, let's stay in Philly real quick. Okay. Because you gonna Philly was Wendy Williams giving you A call? So I called Wendy. Wait, did Wendy called me or I think she called me. Yeah.


I heard At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Silverado is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing misogynist seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LC license in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody, right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th. And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime Day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for. Four days of deals on everything from close to appliances to just everything The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day July 8th to the 11th.


Well I've I've seen interviews where you said she called you because she heard what was happening. She Jones, Lauren be she's so informed. I love That's Wendy. Wendy. You Wendy Williams info. Angie Martinez. You guys are like the pinnacle of like, if I could have a radio career all combined. It is that, that. Thank you sis. So I, I've I, I enjoy all your interviews, especially your drink chance interview. I've watched it a couple times. Thank You. Thank you for carrying the torch and getting in there and getting those stories. Because I pay attention to you too. I'd be like this, like what bitch? What that? So thank you. I appreciate that And I appreciate you still having the love of it. So Wendy called Yes Jones. 'cause she always had to sneak to call me because her husband Kevin, who later would, would try to have me murdered in front of Hot 97. That's a whole nother story. Child. Hold damn Drink court document.


Go ahead. But you start. But that was the front page of the paper, but we'll get into that later. It's a lot. This child been so much child. I don't even know how I'm still saying the child's Okay. Wendy called Again. So Wendy called? Yes. She said I heard what's going on. Call Golden Boy who was then doing mornings at, or the PD for Power 99 and called Luscious Ice over at the, the beat. I didn't know either of these people, but I needed a job. So I called Lus Luscious Ice responded quickly. And in a couple of weeks I had the position. I didn't know anyone in Philadelphia except for Charlie Baltimore. And thank God for Chuck. She took me under her wing. She sat in with me on my first week and introduced me to people told me kind of we're at a party, we're not to party what to stay away from.


And Derek Coleman from the Sixers and we went to Syracuse. Syracuse together. He helped me find my apartment. And he just was being a real big brother to me when I got to Philadelphia. But it was very rewarding because when I got to that station, they were like number 50 in the ratings. They had no signal and they had little resources And I brought them to number three in three months. Wow. So for me, wow. That was self what? Self Proclaiming That was, it was liberation. You know what Emini here It was comp. It was because I still had the hurt of did Emini here that little to the star buck Wild show that they think that they could just throw me out.


And then I'm like, wait, maybe I ain't shit. And then you Go somewhere and you revamp it. You replenish it and then you make it a whole new thing And you just, I just brought the same thing. And they were happy to have the same old thing that they had discarded in Hot 97. Right, right. They were happy to have me. They were coming to my grown folk Fridays, which I created by the way they were coming. It was everything I did in Philly. I love Philly so much because they gave me what my soul needed. Mm. Without being paid or without. Yeah. Without being paid to do. So they showed up for me. And at that time in my life, they gave me the confidence I needed to stand in being the only woman doing morning radios like that. And then it was so gratifying when Hot 97 had to call me back to save that ass.


So now we getting back to New York or Jess, you wanna ask her about the front page with Yeah. So somebody tried to have you killed? Oh, Kevin, Wendy Williams husband. Allegedly, according to the court documents, I'll say, oh, they okay. Yes. Break it down. Allegedly. Break it down. Allegedly. Suppose. Well, Kevin never liked me and Wendy's friendship. And I think it's because when Wendy introduced me to Kevin, when she very first met him, he And I were sitting in the car together. 'cause she had gone in the store to get some gum and we had a conversation And I told him to take care of my friend. And he goes, no, when she makes it, I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna take care of her. I didn't like that. I didn't like that. What you mean when she becomes a star, you gonna be right there. I didn't like that. And maybe it was harmless. Right. But no it's not. Because look how it ended up not harmless.


So I knew and he knew, you know when your boyfriend, when a boy, a bad boyfriend knows that girl friend. Yep. That sees him for what he is. He tried to keep her away. Yep. Distance. And Wendy was so happy to have a bulge. 'cause remember back in the day when she used to be in the studio, she used to act like she had a security guard named Bulge. And she'd be like, bulge, close the door. Let me tell you about total bulge. Close the door. There was never a bulge. It was Kevin. Well, Later on she married Kevin and then he became her bulge. Right, gotcha. Oh, okay. Her protection. So when he told her not to talk to me, she used to sneak to talk to me. And so Yeah. And so it would come out later on that when she made her return to New York on 9 11, 2 weeks after the whole Aaliyah thing happened, Kevin didn't want her having any parts of me.


And I guess it got to the point because I wasn't backing down at that point. She would start saying slick stuff about me on air And I would start saying stuff back. For many years I did nothing. But I was tired of being a punk ass bitch. And so I started saying stuff back and he wanted to silence me. And so in the court documents, when their intern Nicole, I think was her name, Nicole. Yep. Sued them. She came out and testified that he attempted to have a murder plot placed on Ms. Jones. Now three years ago when me and Wendy Williams reunited, I think this was 2022 or 20, 20, 22, we started hanging out. I'm spending the night at her house. She's driving all the way out to Manalapan to my house. Yeah. We still have the ring camera as evidence. She told me, she goes, oh, as far as Kev trying to have you murdered, he was just playing.


He didn't mean it, but that doesn't mean he didn't say it. And that doesn't mean that someone who is trying to be in his graces. We see people now shooting and killing people because they think they're doing something. Yeah. In the spirit of I got her. I got her. So how you playing? How you shooting? How do you feel right now about that? It was so, Yeah. Thank you. Because I almost missed it. You regularly honor Wendy. How you killing me? How you killing me? Why you killing Me? Oh my God. So she, she gets back to New York. Wait, I was gonna, I was gonna, it's so Much.


Right. It's, that was my life. That was our life. I Was gonna ask you, we went out to dinner with Wendy and, and she said that she feels like what she's going through right now is because of all of the things that she said and things that have happened because of her, her karma. Right. She said that. Yeah. She told me in Charlemagne that, oh, That's the first step. That's the fir. I feel like God was waiting for that. I feel like when she had the issues with her feet spiritually, that was God teaching her about kicking people when they're down. Yeah. I said, of all the body parts to get affected, publicly be affected. 'cause she couldn't hide from that. Yeah. That is you and God, y'all gotta work that out. You gotta gotta acknowledge that despite the fact that Kevin is the one that gave her the foot surgery.


Y'all know about that, right? No. He has a Foot surgery. When they first got together, he was giving her foot surgery for her birthday. And she went on air. 'cause I have the cd, I have all her things. And so she said, I don't know if I should be offended or grateful that my husband's getting me foot surgery for my birthday, but I'm researching the doctors And I got an appointment this afternoon and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So she went and had the foot surgery to have her bunions removed. Right. This is many, many years ago when this happened. When we got back together in 2022, she came in the room, woke me up and she said, Jones, I want you to look at something. She pulled the robe up. She wear these elongated Versace robes. She'd buy two robes of the same pattern so that her tailor could cut the bottom and have it long to cover her legs.


Mm. Okay. So she made me touch it. And she said, this is lymphedema. When I had the surgery, the doctor manipulated the nerve in my feet, my lymph nodes the wrong way. And I said, well that was years ago. She said, yeah, but it takes so many years for it to get like this. And so in my mind I'm saying, that month he had you have that surgery. So just another way he's tearing you down. Whether he knew it or I don't think he knew it. I think he really just wanted her to get rid of the bunions, but love my feet as they is. Perfect. Period. Love. Hello, love. All of that. Hmm. Don't goal changer. Right. Because I got my bunions from my father and I'm keeping 'em Keep 'em, just Keep 'em I'll. And let me just tell y'all, so when she started doing morning radio Yes.


In New York. When, when, when I was involved, Jones went through mouth surgery for a tumor. Oh. She went through childbirth and still did the show from her hospital bed and from the bed at the crib. The childbirth was when you had the girl, the, y'all had something set up where she could still, the ICI. And this is before The stuff that we had. This is like we, she had to do it from the crib. It was like $10,000 a month to pay the biggest fraud of of And your ass in there. Not did you have postpartum depression or did you go, you just still, you probably don't even know. I had a tsunami song that Was, that was gonna say that, that that worked for mom Saved you. And they tried to bring it.


They, so I'm glad that I was home. I know. You know, you did the research on this. Is This your baby right here? That you, that is. Oh wow. Okay. Yes. It's so crazy. All this is in real time. Okay. I Know, right. So, So talk to us about, And now you are hearing about something. You brought it in The tsunami song and working from home. So I was working from home because Jalen was just born. And it was hard for the, because I lived still down in the Philly area. Our producer at the time, they brought in a new fancy producer, Rick Delgado, who came from Op and Anthony Opia. Anthony was a very racy charge shock jockey type of show. They're the ones that had white show a couple having Sex in the Cathedral. So my boss Tracy decided that bringing Rick Delgado to be the producer of the, this is when she asked me to come back to New York would be a great idea.


So then as soon as he comes in, they let her go and he starts just letting loose. So he comes up with this idea to do a tsunami song because the tsunami had just happened. But when the ish hit the fan, people were pissed off and rightfully so. But they tried to spin it. Our boss at the time, Barry Mayo, he came in actually when the tsunami song first aired and high fived, I have to say allegedly. 'cause he'll Sue allegedly high fived. And was like, that's a crazy song. You guys are crazy laughing all the way. But then when the corporation started McDonald's, Pepsi Burger King, they come to take their money again. Because who is this Ms. Jones woman that has this tasteless tsunami song?


Yeah. That's making fun of Asians and all the things he didn't even tell them. The name of the show is Ms. Jones in the Morning. But Ms. Jones hasn't even been in the studio to sing on a tsunami song. Yeah. Or push a button to make it play. Right. So, but no one wanted to hear that. And he was trying to quickly get me out the door. Out the door. Thank God for Mel Sachs attorney Mel Sachs, the one that will later on represent Lil Kim. Yeah. We had a meeting with him and he had the head of the Asian, their coalition or some organization, and he had them come in behind closed doors. It was after hours. And they said, listen, we know that it ain't you. We know that it's the company. My beef is that the owner of Hot 97 had some shady dealings with my dad years ago when my dad wound up going to prison.


Like it always be something else. It's never, you know, just what is in front of you now. It always be something bigger than you. But they were willing to let me be sacrificed knowing good and well, I couldn't have sung on the so song. I wasn't even there. My fault was insisting that it be played again. That was the arrogance of me and the ego of me. And I was only doing that because we had a member on our show at that time that was trying to separate herself from the messiness. That was the show. And in hindsight, I understand that. But I just, I always like team to be team for the audience. Yeah. Y'all could fight, pull each other's hair out, scratch each other's eyes out behind the scenes.


But we always must appear to be a team. And she wasn't doing it. So that's what my, my answer to that was. We'll play it again. Stupid, stupid jonesy stupid to this day. I, I regret that. I Feel like I'm asking all the questions. You did all the research. I am Learning. No, go on John, because this, you have so much. 'cause Well first of all, I wanted to know if you've, you and Wendy have spoken recently. No, she has not spun my block. But she's spoken to you guys. But you know what, I think somebody took my number out of her phone because she don't have her phone started. Wow. And then they're that Yeah, she'll Have her phone. Would you speak to her name? Absolutely would. Absolutely. We had good times when we rec reconnected, we was going to Caroline's we, the night we went to Caroline's, Angela y and her friends were sitting at a table next to us And I told Wendy and she was like, don't act like you're telling me.


She's like, she, she's so shady still. But, but Angela was trying to insist that Wendy come up and take a picture on the stage. And I was trying to not tell that Wendy couldn't get up. So I didn't want to give her HIPAA privacy. Yeah. On her feet. Yeah. But then the next day, Angela Y's friend who was writing for the poster or the something the page six wrote that Wendy refused to take pictures with Angela y and Jonesy. And I'm like, we were, we were together number one. And she couldn't get on the stage because her feet would not allow her. But then I realized the angle of the camera, they were sneaking pictures of us from underneath their table. So now my long time Wendy knew. Wendy knew. Yeah. When, When was that? What year Was that? 2020. The 20 22 20.


Yeah. I think it was 2022. You remember? 'cause we were doing a reunion show and she tormented me. And you were like, my phone number is, I don't care what time of the night this is if you need me to come Get Yep. Absolutely. Yeah. 1 21. We'll talk about that. So then you left Hot 97 and you, you could ask questions about that. Go ahead. Because that was craziness. We left Hot 97, we left and we were beefing with everybody at that time. And We were social media. Yeah, Yeah. We was social media. We beef, what what people don't understand is, is back then it was real beef. Yeah. Like we were pulling up to parties, clubs, stations. It was, it was real problems. I believe it. Yes. Yeah. You, you leave hot 97, you decide not to do Hot 97 again. And you go back to Philly and you had a run in Philly and then Philly let you go wrongly. Yeah. I would realize that the only reason Philly was syndicating me from Hot 97 is because they didn't want me to come back into the market on Power 99.


Mm. Because Power 99 always had resources. Hey Thea, hey and Thea, who always loved me and they didn't wanna get demolished. So when they knew I could not be a threat, they let me go. That was again, Barry Mayo, the man that brought me back to New York, syndicated me in Philadelphia because when they fired him really behind the tsunami song, he went back to Radio one and got a job in Philly and asked me to be syndicated. Right. Now think about it. If I did all this tsunami song stuff and you were ready to fire my ass, why you hiring me back? Right. Which is ultimately what the judges would say. 'cause I wound up suing everyone. Jones Sewer, by the way. She will sue you in a minute. But, so I fucking love her. See I just over here living And I loving and just One Morning I'd be like, I'm so excited.


So Philly, Right. Keep us on the, on the guard rails. And because Who was in Philly at the time? Was it Golden Girl? Like what, what era of Philly radio was it? Golden Girl. It was the Hot Boys on Power 99. Golden Girl was at night and she was always trying to nip at my heels. And I'm like, don't shoot At everybody. But she, well they be, To this day, Jones will call me and be like, I'm about to go in And I have to talk her off the ledge at our big, because You don't stand up for yourself enough. See, see, Tell, talk about that. What you, how, why, what what You mean? No MVB trying to take high rose. He's petty as all petty. But then when it's time for him to, when you got them, it's time to kill, he'll fall back. 'cause I guess he thinks about the potential lawsuits and he's easy prey and Yeah.


She, so Before me some, if something happens, she's gonna go in before me. I know Jones, but that's My sis. I whole, this carpet will burn the whole house down. That's my sis crazy. See my sister exact See, so when I went live, they could understand it's sometimes And I ain't a Scorpio. I'm a, I'm an Aquarius. Oh God. But I just went live that day and But you had to, I didn't know if I was gonna have a job the next day, Jonesie. That's what, But I did. I came in here, my band still worked. I was worried for you. And then I called And I was like, tell me this is scripted. Everybody thought it was Fake. He came, listen, it was real. Let me tell you though, when he, it, it bothered me the most that I hurt his feelings.


Right. Because Envy is very loyal. Right. Although I still, you know, I, I still felt like, you know, I wasn't heard And I felt like, you know, things were done wrong. He has had my back since I started this shit. I'm talking about like calling me, checking on me. Yeah. Before my pregnancy, my whole pregnancy after I had the baby, everything. So I understood. Like him coming ahead. No, it was whack. It was corny. And I'm like, hold up. Don't say it with the New York accent. With The New York accent. Accent. She's not gonna, that's what made me cry. And I'm just like, ugh. Because you knew there was a little bit of truth in that. That's big brother spanking. Yes. A big brother spanking and like no, would not make eye contact with me.


Would not look at me. Would not talk to me. Wouldn't. And, And I don't like I did not like that. You know what Emini here. But it was like what I did, I felt like needed to be done. But definitely maybe a different way. Not professional, but it was just like, but Listen, that was rating's goal. No, I'm Sorry my brother. You know? Yeah. That was rating's goal. Yeah. I'm sorry. And I'm, I'm sorry that you went through that on air, but that made you humanized. Yeah. Because you have this tough persona and you always have a comeback And I love that about you. But people need to know that you still bleed too. Yeah. And they got to see that so well done. So yes, he definitely is the one that, yeah, he go hard and everything, but like he do, he, he makes sensible decisions you can't trust for because He's never gonna let you lose at all.


For sure. Although he almost lost it all from me. So when I came back to New York after I had had my son Jalen Star, buck. Wow. At this point they were over here and they went on air asking anyone at the hospital where I had my son to send his medical records. Mm. Because he was Down syndrome. He's not Down Syndrome as you can see guys, I Just say He's very up. Very up. Nothing wrong with Down Syndrome. We love them. But he but the point is he was just bored. Yeah. Right. You know what Emini here and he's asking for medical records, right? Yeah. This man right here stood up for me on the Air Envy. Yeah. Stood up for me.


The company told him, Ebro, I'm gonna be exact, told him don't do that. Don't mention the other station. They're still playing those old radio games. We don't mention the other station on air. Wait a minute. So, so Envy jumped in. He got So that same experience you had with Envy, that little passion he got. So he got more angry than I was. Yeah. Because I had gone to Jaylen's father And I was like, what are we gonna do about it? I went to the uncles. Oh just ignore it. Envy said F that. So he said a man that will go after a woman and a newborn ain't a man at all. And then Star went in on Envy's kids and so Envy and his wife Gia. Hey Gia. Hey. They took that ass, took quietly, took him to court and want all that money And I want my cut Nigga don't Per Per Yeah.


Exactly What that percentage at. That's crazy. Yep. Hey, winning. Yeah. So winning. I'm about to Everything. You know how I am about my family. You, you seen it there before. I don't care. I lose it all. It don't it So bad. It was so bad. Bad because there was nothing that this company could do but fire him. Yeah. But it all started because Star was coming for me and his loyalty and for kids like what? That kids weren't off. It's kind of like how America is right now. We're so desensitized to school shootings. We're so desensitized to so many things. We're like, why is this happening? And yet it continues to happen. I don't wanna get political in here. Yeah. But it feels like we're back there where he just thought he could say and do anything.


And thankfully there was a judge that shut it down And I'm glad I had you as a big brother friend. Absolutely. Oh, do it again. Damn. No, He would And it would be louder. And he would use Instagram as well. Yeah. He is big bro. Play. So now, you know, when Jones goes back to Philly leaves hot 97. I was like, you, me and Ms. Jones. Right. Meaning I was mad. 'cause I'm like, how's she just gonna leave us in Philly? Yeah. We've been doing this show for three, four years And I was mad at Jones And I don't think I spoke to Jones for like two years, three years. Right. Longer Than that. I didn't know you were mad at me. We didn't speak maybe for five years. No. And v that's not true. It had to be longer than that. We didn't Speak for a minute. No, we spoke because I was at Power 99 and Doc Winter had them conference calls. You were on it.


I was on it. And we were talking and we didn't talk personally, but we were always on those conference calls. So I had no idea you were mad because I thought I did invite you to come to Philly and you said you had money in the clubs. So I thought I was coming. I thought we was gang. Gang. Yeah. So she, she I child deuces and left. So I was always mad. I'm like, damn. So I had to start over, but I'm So We didn't speak so sorry. Wait, wait, wait. No, bring it back. Rewind. I am sorry because I wanted you, I don't, maybe I didn't come to you directly. Maybe I, I knew I couldn't afford you. So maybe I asked some somebody in the team. Do you think I should ask Envy? Because he's not gonna come. I can't afford to pay him, but I thought I'd have did it for free.


So when COVID hit, I haven't spoke to Jones and ugh, you was watching the own network, you And your wife And I did not know this. Jack and Joe Mom called and said, I had no idea you're Ms. Jones. 'cause I had created a new life for myself. Once I got fired in Philly. The last, the third time, the last time I, I couldn't mess. I couldn't mess around anymore. So I separated myself from the industry. I couldn't listen to radio. It made me bleed to hear You didn't hear radio industry stuff At all? Nothing. I changed my name. I started using my married name just so that no one could trace Ms. Jones back to me. Mm. And that my kids would have a shame free upbringing. Mm. You know, I mad at that. Yeah. So I was, I was not doing that.


So one of my, Jack and Jill mom shout the Jack and Jill of America called and said, I didn't know that was you. And I said, what you talking about? And then she said, there's a program on own DJ Envy. His wife just said that. Were it not for you giving her husband a starting radio, he wouldn't be where he is. Wow. And I broke down crying 'cause I hadn't spoken or heard from him in years. And I was angry because I felt like he's doing well. My, the other co-host everybody's doing well. They started on my show and no one has reached out a hand. Wow. To even see if my kids had Christmas, if everybody was doing okay or nothing, I was upset. But that gave me the, to get outside of my ego to pick up the phone and call and say, Hey, can we talk? And he was like, Hey Jones. He was very Yeah.


You were very, Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Aw, you gonna make me crying in here? You gonna make me cry too? So, so I can't look at it now. Me so during COVID, what she was telling me what she was going through, she left the industry. She didn't wanna do radio anymore. Yeah. She was fine just being a mom. She had two boys. And I'm like, nah, B I'm like, I, I don't think you understand what you bring. So I said, this is what we gonna do. Let's create a reunion show. We use my platform to push it And I guarantee you a program director will call you. Didn't I say that? You said, and then what happened in a couple of months, she not even crying. I'm crying, girl. What? I'm, I'm crying.


And I, I know the alone Emini here. We, we don't, we don't know your height of it, me and Jess. But like Right. You know what it's like to be dealing with Something And being alone and feeling alone. And I felt so alone all the time that I became numb to it just felt like it was always gonna be me and just me alone And back around head that Right. Especially Because in this, I think people look at you, it's like you had a career. People think you're doing well, you just don't know what People are going through. But some people think that you're so resilient that she's not back. 'cause she doesn't choose to be back. Look at her. She's out there being football mom, wrestling mom, PTA mom. She doesn't wanna come back into the industry and God bless her because the industry is poison. Not knowing. I, I would've enjoyed, you know, having a stable check.


Yeah, for sure. And I was sick And I had multiple more surgeries with the tumor, which is, I wanna say it's gone, it may never leave me completely. But I had, I had been diagnosed with ameloblast stoma since I was child and was told I would never sing or have a career that required speaking. Which is why God is just so miraculous. Right? Yeah. And wonderful. But Can I a, can I talk about the the surveys? Yes. This is what made me cry. Okay. Because this for, yeah. So for Jones to make money, she would do surveys.


She'd go home, put on a wig and do the survey again, then go home, put on another wig and do the survey again. So she would've wear three different wigs to get paid to do. Oh sorry. Don't Go blowing up the spot. But at this point. But you had to feed your baby. Damn. Look, he's learning stuff now. He crying Too. We all in here crying. Oh, Oh, oh. Could we not, can we not? I'm not going down after all of this time and I'm back. We'll Bail. We'll bail you out. Wow. So she would do these surveys to pay the pills and to pay the rent and to get food. And she would change the wigs Envy Nigga. I was like, nah, this gotta stop.


Although it's humor in it and you know now or whatever. But like you were doing what you could do to take care of your baby. Well, you know, and to pay Your bills. Right. But don't you know that feeling? That's, that's the I do. So it's like I just wanted, like for me, my kids did not ask to be born to me. Yeah. So why should they have to suffer and go without what their classmates have 'cause of my reckless mouth or poor decisions. And the last go round, I was accused of doing something that I didn't do and they didn't even bother to investigate whether or not I did it. And the woman that accused me, who they paid millions of dollars to and they fired me, she wound up going to prison.


Mm. And then they found out that I wasn't lying and that she had frauded them and then, but at that point, your name is mud. Yeah. You were your blacklisted and blackballed and no one wants to hire you so you have to do what you have to do. Right. And those surveys like real talk I like still do you stupid. You stupid when Not have time. You stupid. You're So easy. This is what your opinion on. Do you like this fresh earth? Do you like that one? It's easy money. God this is crazy.


Oh my God. The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Ronald is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows And massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LLC license in 50 states and ML ls consumer access.org number 30 30


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Who loves getting a great deal? Everybody right? Well it's that time of year when it's super easy to find great deals on all sorts of amazing things. That's right. Amazon Prime Day is coming four days of unbelievable bargains from July 8th to the 11th And just like every year there are deals in pretty much every category you can think of. I like reading. So I order a lot of books off Amazon. They're always sent to me in a very prompt manner and they always have discounts. So if you've been looking for a good read or you've been wanting to spruce up the house, prime Day will have what you need. Looking for power tools. Prime Day has you covered. If you wanna get some toys for the kids Prime day, there are just so many deals that whatever you're into, you'll find it and save big. So if you've been thinking about grabbing something, anything, this is the time to do it. And Prime Day lasts four days this year. So that's more chances to save on everything you're looking for four days of deals on everything from clothes to appliances to just everything The countdown is on. It's almost here. Shop Prime Day July 8th to the 11th.


So listen, So if we start doing a podcast, right? And within about three weeks she gets a call, right? Somebody, a program director from down south offers her job and she goes, envy, what should I do? I said, you should wait. And she goes, why are they gonna gimme a deal, this, that? And I said, you're not from down there. This is your town, this is where you're from. I said, somebody from New York is gonna call you. She was like, you think another month later you got the call from New York? But no, but I'm in the phone store buying a phone. I remember 'cause Envy calls and goes, oh you keeping secrets. And I'm like, what are you talking about? Because remember I'm doing the podcast but I'm still in the wilderness. Yeah, I got you. No one still knows. So, so he goes, rumor has it that there's a new nineties station about to open up in New York this afternoon and that Ed lover's gonna be doing mornings and you're slated to do afternoons.


And I was like, what? He goes, you're not listening to the radio. Mind you Yeah. I still can't. So sure enough I get a call and it's true, but it wasn't, they didn't know. All they knew was Nick Cannon and, and they were still building and it took about a good year and a half of me meeting with Skip and Chris to convince them that the jonesie that they're hearing about or the jonesie that they once knew that was doing shock jock stuff has matured, has children, has reasons to not come and destroy your radio station sir. And say reckless stuff to cause us all lose our jobs. Right. And ultimately that really was who I had grown into.


Yeah. I had grown up growed, I had grown up how growing and so it was, I felt like for me because the radio station dropped on my birthday. Yes. That's me and God's thing. He knows when he does things on my birthday, I Oh that's for me. So I hung in there. I did get discouraged along the course of the way 'cause it was just taking so long. Every air spot ed lover got the job at night or afternoon, whatever. And mornings was still hanging out there. Then I'm hearing rumors, oh you know, fat Joe and Remy are gonna get it. 'cause this is when they were filling in for Wendy. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And, and oh this one's gonna get it and that one's su DJ suss one's gonna get. It was, and then ultimately Mr. C called me and he said, who is Gary?


And I said, A, a, a agent that I, that I've fired because he was misrepresenting and he said, get that man out the way because that's the reason why they're not hiring you 'cause they don't wanna deal with him. And I said, but I already let 'em go. And he said, well you need to let them know so why let them know? And in 15 minutes I had a contract in my inbox period. Wow. Going back to what you said, it's not always what's in front of you. It is some whole other thing. And you didn't Even know. I had no idea. First of all, when's the last time they opened up a new station in New York? I think it was Power 1 0 5 back in 2002. Yep. Right. Who's thinking that they're gonna start a whole new station in New York and make it nineties.


And I am the nineties girl where I wanna B Boy Sugar Hill, period. I'm like this is too easy. And God, you don't make things easy for me. A lot of women and maybe men too we're so used to fighting and things not happening that we're always waiting for their other shoe to drop. Yeah. But I'm so thankful, I guess that I had nothing to lose and everything to gain by humbling myself. Yeah. And letting it happen in their time and in God's time because here I am and now I feel like God is moving me up so, so quickly. 'cause I did do a lot of work when I was home. Like I got into the scripture And I would write down my pastor Darius Daniels.


I would write down everything and so I could apply it whenever I was faced with a challenge. 'cause I don't wanna go back to being hot head tarsha. I want to. Right. And so I was doing the work And I was applying the work. And even now I listen to the scripture every morning on my drive into the block because I don't want the listeners that God has blessed me with again to be tortured or tormented with some bullshit that I'm going through. Right. Because it's bigger than me. Right. Yeah. And so there's always work to be done. Yeah. It never stops. I'm just thankful that I'm able to sit here with you and you and you girl and Charlemagne, you're here in spirit. But thank you for allowing me in y'all's house.


'cause I never imagined I thought it was over. I thought I was gonna be Jalen and Cha's mom And I was happy being that. Yeah. Right. But as my kids grew older, they, they, they had needs. So I'm glad I'm in position now to meet the needs. I love you, your story. Thank you. Everything. I just, I wanna get into some BS too. Just some fun bs. If y'all don't mind. I ask, ask, ask him when she met Ms. Knowles. When did, when did you meet Ms. Knowles Envy? Why did you say that? She told me off. You know I won that argument. To what, what, what happened? It was the ar you was arguing with Ms. Knowles. So Beyonce, it was a Friday afternoon And I don't know why.


At Hot 97. Yes. And the staff was trying to rush me out. You still here Jonesie? You know we always would leave Fri same thing as now, right. Friday. Where am I outta here gone. Most of the time IA wasn't even coming in. I'm at the Borgata. I was gonna say, did I tell you that Casino Jones is winning at the Borgata? She not coming, coming to work come this Monday. She'd be like, damn, I feel I'm sick. I hear Bing binging. Binging. But on that day I was there. I didn't know Beyonce was coming up And I don't think she was coming up for us. I think she was coming up for our sister station kiss, which was two steps away. Right. So Michael, Sean, the comedian on our show at the time, who's now my kind of co-host at the block, he happened to be downstairs 'cause his routine was to go down after the show and smoke.


Okay. So he said he sees a whole like Secret service, black SUVs pull up and all of a sudden doors fling open doors, fling open and hair blonde hair is just blowing in the wind. And these long beautiful elongated legs step out of the SUV and he's like Jonesie. So he runs back in the building. And let me know that Beyonce, who we have been joking on laughing on Emini here because we, we always, always play too much. We didn't have personal against and it was really not nothing ever to be So it was no beef? No. Okay. I Was just being stupid. Right. And, And I was being paid to be stupid and to mine people's business. And if you ever want me to stop minding your business, you have to pay me a separation fee.


Yes. So she came upstairs and she went to hug me. But I being just being stupid, I was like, Uhuh, I don't hug. I have newborns at home or Whate just some stupid just to be Extra. She her Beyonce. I didn't know she was gonna be love on top was say what era Beyonce is this? What Song? Give us a song Still fucking Beyonce was popping from the coochie of Tina Knowles. And y'all Not from the coochie. From the Alright. But what Arrow was this Didn't matter. Was this say my name. What was this ring Ring me alarm. She, she started, she a solo artist. She she Beyonce. Beyonce. Beyonce. Yeah. I got kids at home. Don't touch me, Don't touch me. Don't hug me. I got kids at home Too. I said no, no, no, no. I didn't say it like that.


I was just was like, you know she went in for the hug And I did the stiff arm and she was like, I'm Beyonce. And I was like nice to meet you. And she nice to meet you too. And she walked on to the studio to do her voice work. Here come that damn Tina Knowles. Yeah. I like how you keep my daughter's name in your mouth all the time. This, This in public. It's front of everybody now everybody. I'm there. It is in the hallway. Okay. And now I'm gonna continue to keep it and now I'm gonna add yours to the list. You need to worry about that red joke of lipstick making you look like the damn joker. What? You said that to Miss Tina? I did. Yes. You still feel like that? I Absolutely Feel like Josie said that back in. No, I believe her. I was there. But you just said that with so much conviction. I just wanted to know if like where we at right now with Miss Tina and Beyonce?


No, She was reenacting what she did. You know what Emini here? Yeah. That B came out. But no, I had, so I didn't have a problem with Beyonce back then. Despite all the parody songs, all the things y'all Made parody Songs, would You like to hear one? Oh my, It was a radio show. It was fun. We char And I love it And I that They have grown up And I get it. But it's like man, the sit and I've been so excited all morning just for you to come in here and do this because Thank You. We don't get this version of them them. But you see why? Because they owed. Yeah. You see we doing here what Jonesie was doing back then. We gotta do that now. Do It now. They're traumatized. Him and Charlemagne. Charlemagne got it from Wendy. He got a whole nother set of trauma and envy.


I'm sure you're Mitch. We're trauma bonded. The things we've done and seen. But yeah. So back then we could make song. Well that's also a special skillset. I can make up songs on the fly. That's the RB singer in me. And I can flip your lyrics and make them be lyrics about you in a funny way. We ain't got pipes like The boy mind It. Yes girls. Yes. Know sometimes your food order be wrong. Yes. Ask Jones what happen if her food order was wrong? If your food order is wrong, what happens? Jonesie The new Jonesie. The old Jonesie. Yeah. I'm talking about old, I'm talking about Joneses. I Might like What? What? I might throw it at you For real if It's wrong.


The same Order every day. This was morning show bootcamp. You had to get it right. There was no mistake. It the same order every day. You know how people make mistakes up here? Everybody say, God, it's okay. Nah. Same order every day. You know what? That's why. Nah. Envy and charlamagne every chance they get they say, man, y'all got it Too easy. 'cause back in it, Hey y'all woulda never made it. Y'all too soft. Oh yeah. And duh duh. Yeah. If the wrong clin played It would be hell yeah. Not just for five minutes for the whole show. Oh, it's still that way. See still That if curse, if a curse played, you'd have to deal with Jones. You'd have to deal with program director music And the lawyers. We, We get it. Nice. But look, y'all need refills. Absolutely. What the hell? They Need refills on the, this is like, because there was a lot on the line back then was we didn't know what we were doing was going to be YouTube able and people were gonna go back and be like, oh shoot, y'all played with Usher like that.


Oh shoot y'all, y'all did this, y'all bang on Hammer. We didn't know. Yeah. We were like kids being let loose in the fun house. Yeah. You remember what Mc Hammer came? Yeah. And you wasn't there that day. I Wasn't there. And you said Be careful. Yep. Yep. I warned you. So MI made fun Look happened with Mc Hammond First of all Because I heard he time Was a gangster from Oakland. Absolutely. Right. I heard, you know, you see the dance can't touch this. Yes. So we were, this is when interviews were live, like really live. Oh. So when he landed, he was on his way to the station. Jones was in the Casino of course. So she didn't come that day winning. So me and Michael, Sean was making fun of him. But like hammer's coming. What you gonna say? Can't touch this like hammer. What happened? I got to pray like we were making fun of him though.


And He hammer's in the cab listening to himself be clowned because he's thinking he's coming for love. A great interview. Right. And it's New York who wants to be clowned in New York Yorker. He's never expecting. Right? Mm. So he gets to the station, him and the older gentleman come inside, closes the door, stands at the door, says I'm here to test the coward's heart. Ooh. I don't even know what that means. Right. I was like, what that mean? He says, I'm here to fuck y'all up. Talk that shit in front of me. Now at that point he's not letting us out. Yeah. He's not letting us out. So what You start doing dancing. What? I Was, I was Nervous. No, you joked again. You was like, can't touch this. It started dipping and dodging away from him. See he playing around. Yep. And then Mike, Sean starts going in with his type of comedy.


And then somebody called Ebro Ebro came from the Bay Area and he had a relationship with Hammer. But it got so real, like I think Hammer started sweating and was in their face. Like when you talking and spit spitting out. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. And then had it not been for Ebro saying Chill, chill, chill, chill. Hammer. They not they. Yes. Yeah. They Had to Squat and Ebro said, Ebro called me and said, look, I don't know if you know but Hammer is real. And that little that that guy, the old guy you got probably got a gun in his bag right there. Yeah. So he was like, at the time I used to carry my little two too. Yes. He said, so those little two bullets ain't gonna do nothing. So just know leave Hammer alone. And I was scared. That was my, probably my scariest interview after that. I was like, Hammer's about to fuck us up. So He was the original bird man, my nigga.


Yes he was. Yes. But it all perspective. Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So and your Ass at the Casino Doubling down on a hard four or something. Split the fours or something. Yes. I was, don't think about it. You don't think about it? I Ain't, She plays. No, no, no. Oh I plays But, but I ain't gonna do but but She, she's the one that be like, you know what, I ain't coming into that. I'm gonna broadcast from the crib. You know, you hear the landscapers in the background. Excuse me. Not the crib, the state. I love that Girl. I'll be, yeah. Hmm. Anytime I could broadcast from somewhere else, I be doing it. Yes. Damn. Yo. So you have new music. I do. You said you, you do. Okay, let's get to that. What made you get back in the book?


What, what is this new music about? Like what is it, is it about, you know, all that time that you've been gone or your hiatus? What is it it about? It's more, I haven't gotten into that yet. Okay. I have a, a newer, newer song that's, that's for weddings. Okay. But, and it's a remake but I don't wanna take the light against this. What this was is that when I did start being able to listen to RA radio again, there was nothing on radio being played that I really loved. Okay. So I said let me create something. That's how I did grow Grown folk Fridays. There was no parties that were just for the adults. So I created Grown folk Fridays where we played throwback music and invited the throwback artists to come and perform. Okay. Now it would be called Pastor Mike. I did it first. But okay. So the songs are just good feeling music, dance music.


And everybody loves their birthday. We all think our birthday signs are the best. So this song is like called Best Birthday. Best birthday and let's play. Yes. Yeah. Oh, we gonna have to hear it. We can play. We can get that on now we got to hear it. Yeah. Yes. Do you have any more questions for the legendary Ms. Jones? I just wanna know your relationship with Nas today. What's that like? What do you mean? What Happened to like what? Like what did like, because I know like you were the first person to put him on air around the ether time. Like today, are y'all still friends? Are y'all speaking or this going A lot of relationship like that type of good? No, no, no, no. Emini here. Like like are y'all speaking? Are y'all I never Slept with him.


Okay. I wasn't even leaning Into that. Okay, good. No Emini Here. I did have a dating question 'cause I know you talked about Busta Rhymes but we can go either like, My son's getting mad. Oh Sorry. Sorry. Because his friends clown him. I met Mother's gonna be friends 'cause he's from the bridge and I'm from Astoria and we have that connection with like a goat. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's hometown hero. Hometown friend. I actually would love to catch up with Nas because Nas is another one that has a lot of stories and when you reconnect sometimes it brings you back so you can appreciate what you've gone through to be where you are right now. For sure. And he's so bossed up right now. I'm so proud of him. But yeah, that's the hometown. Yeah. I do want to ask last question.


You were in Biggie's video. One more chance. One more chance. How was that video? Mm. That was very, very special. 'cause everyone didn't get invited to be in it. And I was one of the girls whose records may not have been the biggest, but they invited me 'cause shorty was ill and everybody was showing up and everyone was being regular. Like nobody was being nasty. Luke showed up first. You know my ego bega a ass. I was probably there first D nice before he was DJ D. Yeah. He was still DJing but he wasn't but he was there. Yeah. Everyone came with love and excitement because we didn't even hear the song. Diddy wouldn't let anybody hear.


And the only song that was out was the remix. So all night before I'm practicing in the mirror to the remix not knowing that that wasn't gonna be the one. Wow. But everybody was, and there were people outside still trying to get in. So I'm actually glad I got there early. But Patra Johnna like I'm fans of these girls and I'm now I'm like in a video with them and to this day when those see things like that would happen while I was raising my kids when they were little, a video would come on and somebody would be like, that looks like you. Things like that. And I think the defining moment when the cat came out the bag that Tasha, Jalen and Jay's mom. Yeah. Was Ms. Jones. I was running around, I was football mom and before a football game you have to make sure that the announcer booth, everybody has the names of the players, the coaches, all the things.


And then you have to press a button for the Whitney Houston National Anthem Bitch. I'm pressing buttons and nothing's playing. And they're all looking at the black lady in the booth that they probably think shit had no business up there to begin with. I grabbed the microphone, Ooh. And bust down the national anthem to the point they're clapping before I even get to the end, the land of every free and my Sonos. They're looking, they're like, Jalen, that's your mom. And I'm like, Hey my mom. And at that moment they're like, you, you are somebody you do you know white folks start Googling. Oh Yeah, start Googling. Oh my God. The she killed the jig and the gig both were up at that point And I couldn't hide.


And then I was like, maybe I'm not supposed to. Maybe I need to figure out, you know, some things. And I wanted to sing. I just didn't wanna be back in the industry. So I started singing with a little band and that fulfilled me. And then that in my little surveys, yes the money from singing in the band and the surveys. We were good. We were bawling White people Was happy. Like oh she has so much Soul In there. Soul. They had no idea. And then one person was like, this is why. That's who she is. And this is the video and yeah, You got a P story too. And I, my Birthday was just Yesterday. Yesterday Too And I too Much, we'll leave it at that.


I just wanna say one last thing. I appreciate you Ms. Jones. I love you. I love you Envy. But you asked Mon about the threesome. Who was that? You had a threesome. Oh, P 11. Tell him all the stuff that you do. You entertainment report on 11 Thursdays. Threesome. My son is about, do you see how he jumped in? It was like, don't forget to promote for a minute Thursday event. Alright. Okay. All right. So And be finished. I love when you giving my eyes. So That's all I was gonna do. So pick, I was gonna say, we appreciate you, we love you. I appreciate you so much. You could check on Pix 11 on Thursdays And now I have a TV talk show special on Pix 11. Hey, What is that on? Yes. Hopefully June 22nd. If not, 'cause I'm, you know me, I'm never like satisfied so I'm still tweaking.


If I don't make my June 22nd debut, it'll be July 6th On 11. We're definitely recording. Go out and watch that. Of course she's on 94 7 O block each and every Monday morning. Yes. And you young man and your brother. If I tell you how many times your mom's called me And I talked her off the ledge for whooping y'all Asses. Oh my God. Hell Yeah. Oh my. No, you don't understand. I know that, Right. I'm about to go up there right now. And Ville School mama. I appreciate that. Appreciate all the, all the possible beatings you might have stayed. Oh my, yeah. Your brother too. Bergen Catholic. You're the reason Chase's in Bergen Catholic. That's Right. He's doing well. They said He's doing very well. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love, there's so much history here man. Thank you guys for respecting and carrying the torch on ladies. No problem.


That's really, that's really good for us. We here 'cause you literally because of you. Well thank you. Because you're doing it well and you're looking great doing it. Thank you. And stay focused. Black out the white noise. Okay. Yeah. And just keep going. Thank you. Thank you Guys. Well it's Ms. Jones Jones a It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning period. Wake That ass up In The morning. The Breakfast Club.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Okay, have you heard about this last year The green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


This is an IHeartPodcasts.