
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Be merry. Be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four details.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go and just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Alright. Fight fans. We got an absolute insane matchup between one of the goats in the sport and a new rival on the scene. This Tyson Paul fight is going to be electric Now. Who do you got? Huh? Who you have. If you're looking to get even closer to the action, you gotta check out my partner's DraftKings Sports book. And right now, all new customers who bet just $5 will get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Now that's something to celebrate this season. Right? Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. New customers use my promo code TBC and bet just $5 on any wager and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code TBC only at DraftKings Sports book.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just H Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building, the Icon living Rosie Perez. Yes. Welcome. Morning. Thank you so much. How you Feeling? I'm feeling great. You gotta show me a birth certificate of some idea or something. I refuse to believe you. 60 years old. It's no way. I refuse to believe that you just turned 16 in September. I refuse to believe that. Yes, I am 60 years old and everyone keeps telling me I'm 60 years old, but it's all Good. Wow. What did you do to celebrate your 60th Birthday? My husband gave me a, like a really amazing party. Oh, I'm, I'm a I'm a homebody.


I don't like to really do a lot of stuff. And I have a small group of friends and Gotcha. And at first it was supposed to be like 40 people. And I thought that was a lot. And you thought 40 People was a lot. Yeah. Hey, you like don Don't be one. Yeah. Okay. I come from don. Don't know if You know this about me, but I come from the hip hop world first. Yes. And. I got so tired of partying and so tired of crowds. I got, I'm just over it, but 82 people showed up Dang. Yep. To my party. And I was walking around like, who the hell are you? Who invited you? Like, and, and it was so funny when my daughter was like, you need to calm down. I was like, no, don don't. I'm 60 years old. Damnit. Right. Get outta my party.


By the way, they only bring your up your age 'cause you don't look it. No. Right. They not at All. They'd be like, oh, congratulations, you turned 60. That's You. Know what I mean? That's the only reason. Well, thank you. I th You know what I think it is also, what what a part of it is. I was straight edge until I was 24 years old. Didn't drink, didn't smoke, only had coffee, water. That was it. And And I just think that it benefited me in the long run. Absolutely. Absolutely. Did you have an iconic career? You stay booked and busy for years. You've been, but how is that? I just keep, I just You know what it is. It's like I love boxing. And I believe in that champion spirit.


And anytime I got knocked down, I just, I just brush it off. I'm like, okay, let's go You. know what I mean? Like, my life was hard as a child. Yeah. You know, not getting a role. That's not hard. Yeah. That's just part of life. And it's, it's, it's fine. And I also think it's because many other actors are listening. Don't be afraid to audition. Don't think you're above it. Yeah. Because that's bullshit. Oh, excuse me. I'm sorry. No, you feel free. Oh, okay. Okay. You good. And because I was a choreographer first and all the dancers that didn't wanna audition for me didn't get the job. Like I had to see what you had. Yeah. You know what I mean? It may be different. I know you're a great dancer, but it may not fit the video that I'm That's right.


That I'm working for right now. And that, so it's like that. And also be on time, be professional, be courteous, and be prepared. Mm. And so I think that that has offered me longevity as well, You know, because people will say, okay, she works really, really hard. Go ahead and hire her. Yeah. So What was your big acting break? I know everybody always talks about you on living color, but what was the acting break like? What was the role that caused everything to take off for you? Well, it was my first role. It was Do the right thing. Do the right thing. Okay. But what really, really set it off in my opinion, was white man cancer. Okay. Absolutely. Yeah. And I fought hard for that one.


I fought hard. I was the only person of color in the casting room. Mm. And it was all just a sea of white ladies. And I was like, oh, dear God, You know. And she killed it. Yeah. But it's just like that. It was like, all right, it's another championship round. Let's go, let's go. And, and man, did I have to talk myself down from the edge? It was, it was really tough. But yeah, I, I think that was the one that really did it. How difficult was it back then? 'cause we all love your accent, but back then You know when you're going into these rooms, they might be like, well, who was this accent? You know? She said, I was too New York. Was that ever a problem? All the time. All the time. It was a, was a problem. And then I would bring up other actors.


And I was like, you don't have a problem with this accent. She's French. Why you, why you don't have a problem with her? Well, this person is British. Why don't you have a problem with her? Is that your racism showing they, I'm like, yeah. I said it You know. And that's who I just was. That's who I am. You know And I would challenge them on it and, and everything. And sometimes it didn't work out, but a lot of times it did. And when I first went into the industry, the backlash that I really got was from the Latino community. Really? They were telling me, shut up, sit down, stop rocking the boat. And I was like, rocking the boat. I was like, what are you talking about? All the struggles that you've had and have done for me? Let me relish in it You.


know what I mean? Like, what are you talking about? Why aren't you celebrating the fruits of your struggle? Why? And rock don don't wanna be in that boat. Yeah. I'm want my own boat. You know. And, and it was so that was really hurtful. That was something I had to push through. And it was just, it was just difficult. Like people don't understand how difficult it was for me. But I just, like I said, I just kept focused and just kept pushing through, just showing up. And It's crazy because you don't realize it until you get older. Like you were kind of like the only one back then. But You know, we didn't, we didn't realize that we just saw you on TV and like, oh, that's Rosie Perez. But yeah, you were like the only One back then. I was the only one. Yeah. I was the only one. And it was hard also to fight against repeating performances.


Like, I want you to do what you did and do the right thing. No, I don't wanna do that. And then it was, okay, I want you to do what you did and white man can't jump. No, I don't wanna do that. And then it's like, I get fearless. That was another, oh my God. Talk about, they made me audition four times for that role in Fearless. And it was a dramatic role. They didn't want me, they wanted a Irish American woman, which was screwed up because it was based on a real story. And the real character was Asian American. And so they were saying, we, we think that the interracial aspect between you and Jeff Bridges is a concern. So we actually were supposed to have a love scene in that movie.


And they cut it. Mm. They thought that the audience wouldn't be prepared for it. Ready for it. But it was, it, it just was really, really hard. Like, like people don't understand. It was really, really hard. And I just, I just kept You know, you want me to audition four times? I'm gonna audition four times. I'm not gonna let you see me sweat. I probably would go home and cry about it. And then the phone would ring. They want you back. I'm there. I'm there. Lemme get on the plane. I'm there. I'm there Because I really wanted it. You know. I really, really, really wanted it. And then when Fearless came around, they were like, oh my God, you could do something different. I said, I've been doing something different. I've been doing something different.


That's your limitations that you're not able to see. That I have been doing something different. And throughout my career, every single role that I've had, they always go, this is such a different rule for you. And. I Go. You said that last time and the other time before. And the other time before. And You know. It's just, it's, it just is what it is. And I tell other people whether they're You know Latino or not, if they're, if they're a minority in this country. I was like, fight for what you want. I mean, don't wait for your seat at the table You. know what I mean? Yeah. Prepare your own table. You know. I Wanna know where, where you, where you got to start from. Right? Because you just weren't an actress. You were a dancer, a choreographer.


What was the start to say, this is what I wanted to do? What did you see that said You know what I want to be in that business? 'cause you could've did anything. You could have said, I wanna be an astronaut, I wanna be a doctor. I wanna be an attorney. But you wanted to go into that. What got you into that and who pushed you towards that? Especially back then? Well, actually I was in college to become a marine biologist. I was studying bio camp, and then I meet the casting, the talent scout for Soul Train. Didn't take it seriously. I just thought it was fun until my father made me quit, got rest his soul. And, and, and then when I met Little Silas Jr. Got rest his soul. He was a a and r guy at MCA records. And he said he came to Soul Train and he goes, why aren't you dancing like that on the, on the camera?


I said, Don Cornelius doesn't like it. He goes, what's that? That's hip hop, right? I said, yeah, that's hip hop. He says, I want you to teach that to a a artist I have. He's gonna leave this boy band. And I said, who is it? He goes, I'm not gonna tell you to show up. And I said, well, I'm not a choreographer. He goes, I'll pay you 1600 a day. I said, I'll see you Monday. That's right. You know. And so when I got there, I didn't know I was supposed to show him a routine. I made up the whole thing on the spot. Right. And it was pretty bad what I made up and everything. And that was Bobby Brown. So that was my first still Wow. I went back to school. And it wasn't until Spike Lee came into my life. Well, What video was it for Bobby Brown? So we could go back and look. I did two videos was Don't Be Cruel.


And My Prerogative, I'm the one that hired Heart and Soul for him. Wow. And those Are two big videos for him too, Of his biggest. And then when he, every Little Step I take, he didn't hire me. And I was heartbroken. Mm. And, but he hired Heart and Soul. And I was happy for them. And And I had to, I told him, I called him up. I was like, y'all killed it, man. I hate to say it for, and and it became his most iconic video, those guys. And how did Spike Lee, you say you met Spike Lee. How did you meet Spike Lee? How, How were you? I met him in a nightclub. And we got in an argument and he said, this is fate. And I thought he was trying to hit on me. And I was like, you wish? And he just couldn't stop Jesus fracking up. And he was like, no, no, no. I'm I'm, I'm a director, film director.


And I was like, what? And it was my girlfriend, my college buddy, Marian Wade. I went to throw out the, his business card. And she went in the garbage and took it out. She goes, are you stupid? Just give him a call. And then he asked me to audition for Do the Right Thing. And I did it. And then after we filmed it, I went back to school. I'm thinking, whatever. And it wasn't until I went to the premiere, And I saw the Magic all come together. And that was it. I remember sitting, I don't think I ever said this to anybody. I was sitting in the, in the theater. Tears were going down my eyes. And one of my half sisters thought it was because of the nudity.


And it wasn't, it was just like, my life has to change. This is what I wanna do. Mm. And that was it. That was the turning point. Wow. Most classic scenes. One of the most classic scenes in black cinema history though. So that wasn't nothing to cry over. Yeah. Had a lot of us doing that Ice Cube move. I'm not gonna lie to you. A lot of us was doing the Ice Cube move because of that. Yeah. And what did your parents say when they, when they seen that, and you were going college, you were gonna be a marine biologist, and now you were doing something that At the time, I would say most parents, especially in our community, did not understand that the black and brown community like that. My father was very upset. He was very upset. He was very upset with me on Soul Train. And that's the reason why I stopped dancing.


He was like, no. He said, I don't know who you are coming down that line. And I was like, oh my God. And I quit. And everybody was like, why you quit And I said, my father told me to quit. And being in California, they didn't understand that. They didn't understand the culture. And I was like, my father told me to quit. I have to quit. How old were you at that point? I think I was 19, 20. And, and then when I did do the right thing, I called up my dad, And I said, I just wanna tell you it's an artistic film. He goes, okay, And I said, okay, And I. I thought he understood. And he, and he had a viewing party in Puerto Rico and invited the whole entire town.


Jesus. And they said that he went into cardiac arrest. He didn't die there. Oh. He really went to cardiac. He was like, grabbed the spot. Oh my goodness. They were telling me, I was like, oh my gosh. And And I called him up. And I was crying. I was like, I'm so sorry. He goes, next time, next time you tell me. And he says, but you're a grown woman now. And I can't tell you what to do and I'll support you, but please, please don't humiliate me again. Man. What was most enjoyable for you? Dancing or acting like which one is more easier and more enjoyable? don Don't know. That's a good question. Mm. Because you'd be killing it on a dance tip, but then you kill it in the films.


Oh. So like, The dancing, the dancing, like don don't know. That's, that's, that's, that's a true love for me. Yeah. I've always been dancing. But the acting You know, You know when you get that one lover and you can't get it outta your mind, you can't get him outta your mind. You know. Like, he just puts it on you and you're like, damn. Yes ma'am. I just had a baby. So I know all about that. Yes. All about that. Yeah. That's what acting is. Okay. I got you. Yeah, I was gonna ask You know, you choreographed so many different videos from Janet Jackson, Bobby Brown, LL Cool j Diana Ross. What was your favorite and why?


My favorite client was Heavy D and the Boys because I loved Heavy. Yes. I loved him. And And I had a lot of fun. My best client was LL Cool J because Todd was the most professional person I had ever worked with. Mm. He that's why he's still in the game now. You're right. Like, he just, I mean, at such a young age, he just had his stuff locked down and he was like, this is how we are gonna go. But I would say my favorite was Diana Ross. She didn't show up to any of the rehearsals. I was pissed. I was like, I'm gonna quit. And they was like, don't quit, don't quit. And then I was like, when she shows up, I'm gonna tell her something.


And, and her daughters Tracy and Chutney came to see me. They're like, oh my God, mom's starting to see you. And I was like, yeah, okay. I am dying to see her too. And so they opened up the trail, her daughter trail. She goes, hi, go. Hi. Right And. I was like, oh my God. The boss The boss. And she said, come on in. I said, really? And I just turned to mush. And I, and then she gets up there, no rehearsal, she says, let me see that hippity hop. I fell out laughing. And I. I showed her a few steps. Got it. Like that. Really? Wow. Got it. Like that. And she was just game. She was like, wow. And I. Just, I just love professionals You know.


I just really love people who come with the A game. I just love that You know. You know. How difficult was it being a woman You know in the industry coming up back then, You know, we hear about so many different stories of, of men trying to take advances in so many different things. Was that as difficult for you as well? Yes. What was, what was the hardest point? What was one thing that you remember? You were like, I just remember this moment to this day, and And I wish that on no other woman. It was a person, and everyone wants me to say his name, but I'm like, his life is shit now. So it's okay. God has comeuppance. But went to an audition and people are like, well, why did you go to so-and-so's hotel room? That's what they used to do. Like even for Fearless, I met the casting director and the director Peter Weir in a hotel room.


And you auditioned for them. And so this one individual wanted me to meet with him. And my first thing was like, why is it so late at night? I don't feel comfortable. Oh, no, no, no. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. When I went there, he starts rubbing my shoulders. And I said, why are you rubbing my shoulders? He said, you're just, oh, so uptight. You need to relax. And I said, okay, but you don't have to rub my shoulders, please. And he goes, You know what? Your career's not gonna go far. Mm. And I said, why is that? He goes, you don't even want me to give you a massage. I said, I thought this was an audition. Mm. I don't need a massage. And he goes, we are done. Wow. You know, like somebody else, a different, you young woman who is not as strong would've probably caved You know.


And people like tried to blame that type of woman. That's not the woman's fault. It's that asshole's fault. You know. But it, it, it, it has happened to me. You know, especially in the music industry. Music industry was really tough. The misogyny was enormous. And I had to fight against it All the time. All the time. And God forbid, if you actually like somebody in the music industry and you wanted to go out with them, then you would labeled a whore. Yeah. Like, like these. Meanwhile, all the men are screwing everything that walks. And so it was really hard. It was, it was very, very difficult. You know, but I, I developed a reputation and it was to my benefit You know, they're like, oh my gosh, she's such a bitch.


And I was like, yes, I am. So don't try it. Good You know. But it was, it was hard. It was very difficult. Yeah. You feel like you opened the door for a lot of people, like let's say like a Jennifer Lopez and dancers and actresses, especially Latino that came in after you. Do you feel like you were the one that opened that door for 'em? Don Don't know If I opened the door for people, I will say this. I stood my ground and paid a heavy price for it at times. And I'm glad I did it. If it benefited somebody, I'm very happy about that. You know there was others before me that You know opened doors. Like You know you think of someone like Cheetah Rivera or Rita Moreno. Raul Julia. Raul Julia got rest his soul. He was the only Latino actor that supported me when I first came out.


And I. Remember I went up to him and he was at an award show and he says, I like you. You're good. And I said, oh my gosh. I said, thank you so much. He goes, don't let anyone tell you different. And You know what, don't lose the accent. Screw 'em all. Mm. And I said, wow. Like, I, I just couldn't believe it. And his wife goes, he really likes what you do. And I went back over to him. And, I went, Mr. Julia. He goes, RA And I. Go Raul, you really think I'm good? And he said, yeah. And he says, and you gotta think you're good. 'cause nobody else will think you're good if you, you don't think you're good. Right? And he says, well, remember that And I said, I was always surprised that you, that they, I don't wanna say they, they didn't force you, but they never tried to change you as far as your accident is concerned.


Right. Some Rules. Some rules. And You know what, some You know What's so funny about that? Like some roles I won't have an accent in because they ask And. I go, all right. If it, if it, if it's not relevant to the character, I'll say, no. You know. We need our space on the screen too. You know. But the times that I wouldn't do in my accent, people online would actually complain. Oh, she trying to be right now. And I'm like, I can't win You. know what I mean? And it is just like, it is what it is. Yeah. You know. It is what it is. It's there. It was Go ahead. Go ahead. Was there ever a role that, that you went out for that you didn't get that you really wanted? Yeah. That want? Okay. A lot. Yeah. A lot of Them.


Yeah. One was the Matrix. I had the worst audition of my life. They laughed me out of the room. Who are you posting me in The Matrix? I don't even wanna tell you because it was such a humiliation. It was terrible.


Coming soon to Prime video. You Can Call me. Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins, Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of sick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Again. 30 years knowing Cross, I learned to trust his gut. Get inside his head. The clock ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


Hey, fab. If you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new Total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent Allwheel Drive the Kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. One question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


The Holidays are coming fast, which means time is even more of a luxury. That's why DIME Beauty needs to be your one-stop destination for Clean Master Aesthetician founded skincare that really works from rejuvenating eye serums and clean retinol alternatives to indulging body oils and non-toxic perfumes. Dime has it all. And for a limited time Dime is offering 25% off site-wide. When you use Code Holiday 25 looking to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, try their best-selling TBT Cream. A clean, gentle retinol alternative that has all of the anti-aging benefits of retinol without the harshness or in search of a new winter perfume. Try dime's non-toxic woodsy fragrance. Don Levo Dime has over 2 million happy customers and thousands of amazing five star reviews. Don't wait. Go to DIME Beauty co.com for 25% off site wide with code holiday 25. That's DIME Beauty co.com for 25% off with code Holiday 25 Happy shopping and happy holidays from Dime.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now, Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's BA rts.com/cocktail


Purple. It was the one, it was terrible. I swear to God it was Trinity. I Don't even want tell all. Alright. But it was funny because the casting Director, I was like, I know I didn't get it. She goes, no Damn. She's walking me out The room and the two brothers, they're looking at me. That was great. I said, no One just stop lying. Stop Lying. And then they start laughing. And then I was like, anyway, bye. And, and She's Still laughing. And when I close the door I hear Daniel. No, it was, it was terrible. It was, it was terrible. That's when I went over to my best friend Pa Julie's house.


And she was waiting for Pa Julie. Yeah. At 1130 in the morning with a joint and a glass of wine. Right. Like You know better feel better. Shit. Yeah. That was one. Okay. Another one was, I forgot the name of the movie, but Drew Barrymore Got it. Oh, okay. I wanted it so badly. But yeah, I didn't audition for that one. They were gonna meet with me, but then they said, oh, we've already made a decision. Got it. And I said, oh man. And, but I couldn't hate on her because she was so good in it too. You know. So yeah. So there was a couple. Yeah. Talk to us about before the new Apple TV series. What is that about? Oh, that is really, it's, it's a psychological thriller.


It's really kind of creepy. The kid in it is really fantastic. Billy Crystal's amazing in it. The whole cast is Judith Light Hope Davis all the way down Robert Townsend. Oh wow. That's that Up. Yeah. He really great in it. But it's about a man who recently experienced the death of his wife and he's in denial of it. And he's not grieving properly. And then he meets this boy, this boy just shows up at his house and he doesn't understand why this boy is gravitating to him. And I play the boys foster mother. And and he's very, he's a very troubled young kid. And so what the real theme is about the, the show is about, is that if you don't get past your past, it will come back and haunt you.


Hmm. And so in this move, in this TV series, it really is haunting the things that he won't deal with. And, and it's also about past lives. Like sometimes if you don't deal with your trauma, you'll come back to this earth maybe as another person or another being. But that trauma will come and double itself until you deal with it. So that's what really what the series is about. Was This role a challenge at all for You? This role was a big challenge. Very different from many other Roles. Yeah. Yeah. It is. And it was, it was, I didn't want it at first. And Billy was like, oh no, I I, I got you. Don't worry about it. And he was very supportive. But I gained 20, over 20 pounds during shooting. Mm. You know. Every time it just got too difficult.


I would go over the craft service and go, He just You know. And wardrobe was like Ms. Perez. And. I was like, You know. They had to take my costumes out a couple of times. A couple of times. They had to like throw away costumes. Yeah. Like, I thought I was wearing that. You don't fit in that anymore. I was like, oh my God. You know. So it was, it was hard. And my husband went through it, You know, come home and just, just wouldn't wanna talk. Yeah. And just wanna go to bed and put the covers over my head. Yeah. You know and stuff like that. So it was hard. I gotta ask you a, a hip hop question. You, you and Tupac were close. Yes. We were very close. How, How did you, how did you and Pac become so close and how did y'all meet? We met on tour.


He, And I. I was on Heavy DI was with Heavy D and the Boys and Digital Underground. Digital. Yeah. Digital Underground. Yep. They, they were opening. And I also doubled as a roadie, meaning I would have to carry their bags and we are getting off the tarmac. And here comes this guy and he's carrying their bags. And he said, what's up? I said, Hey, how you doing? What's up? And like, I had my guard up 'cause You know the misogyny and everything. He goes, MPAC. I said, what's your name? He goes, PAC like Tupac, And. I went Tupac. He goes, Shakur. I said, like the Black Panthers. He goes, yo, me and you gonna be friends.


You know that I knew that. I was like, oh. And, and And I said, will you carry this bag? He said, sure. And he carried the bag and we, and that was it. That was the beginning of a friendship. And then I see him go up on stage, You know. And he's there dancing, doing the Humpty You know doing that. And And I was like, this guy's a star. And I remember telling Heavy that Go rest says, I say he's a star. He's a star. Why don't they let him out front? And lo and behold, yeah. Wow. Now is it, is it true that you played Wingman with hi with him and Madonna? Was that true? So you hooked him up? I hooked him up. Tell us that story. You know. He went, I was, I was dating a rapper and I promised that rapper, I would never say his name to this Day.


Oh, you knew I was about to ask. And, and we were supposed to go to Soul Train Music Awards. And at the last minute, literally half hour before we get in the car, I'm like, yo, where are you? You late? I can't go. Why can't you go? 'cause my girlfriend will see me on the, on the TV screen with you. What girlfriend? And I lost it. And then Pac hopping to call. And he goes, what's wrong? And I told him. I was like, hysteric on the phone. He's like, yo f that N word. Yo, I'm going with you. I said, what? He said, that's right. He said, fix your makeup. We going, we're gonna roll up in there like we a couple and it's gonna kill him. I said, oh, what are talking about?


He is like, yo, I'm telling you, get it together. I'm on my way. We get into the, the limousine. And at that time, nobody knew I smoked weed. There was only a few people that You know. 'cause there was such a stigma back then. Yeah. And everything. And we get in there and he goes, and I'm, I'm about to cry. And he went, Uhuh. And we roll out in a, when the limousine opened, door opened, it was like, it was like a teaching cha movie. And he grabbed my hand, And I looked at him and, and he goes, I got you. Calm down. Oh. And he said, we gonna be fronting right now. I said, okay. There was so many women in the music industry that wanted to beat my ass that day.


I'm sure. Oh my God. They were coming up to him like, oh, that's you now that's, that's you. And I'm like, you, you fucking her too. And I was like, oh my God. You know And I was like And. I was, I was getting mad at him. I was like, yo, man, who else? What are the girls gonna come up here? And and then he was cracking up. And then this one girl, she was a rapper too. She came up and she tried to get in my face. And I And I looked at Pac And I said, you better tell her to step off. You better tell her that I'm not the one. You better tell her that I will beat her fucking ass. And I was like, And he was like, that's my girl daddy. And I'm like, it's not funny. You know And I really thought I was gonna get it.


Yeah. So I, I was like, I don't wanna be around you right now. And so then I go to the bathroom and Mad Madonna was there and she was like, are you with him? I was like, no, no. This was all, this is all fake. This is all phony. She goes, oh, could you hook me up? I went, yes. Wanted to get away from him. And I went over there. And I told him. He is like, yo, what's up And? I was like, she's over there. And he left me. He left you. And he left me. And, and and he went, he went with her. And even like, after the show was over, I was like, where is he? He was gone. He was gone. I saw him at the after party. Wow. Yeah. So they had a good time.


They all were just good friends after that. Yeah. We, that's what's up. Yeah. We we've always been good friends. Yeah. We've always, were good friends and stuff. And You know. You know. We, we, we had our differences every now and then and, but we always stayed pals. Yeah. You know. And he was a good guy. Before we get to the First Lady of boxing, I gotta ask, there's always been rumors that you and J-Lo had beef. Is, is there any truth to that? No. You know. All I wanna say about that is I'm a grown ass woman. And I wish her well. Mm. I really do it. There's no room for that. It's, it's, we're old. We're grown You know. Yeah. Okay. Now let's talk about the first Lydia boxing. Yes. You, you are going to be hosting and being a, a commentator for the Jake Paul Tyson fight.


Yes. How did that come about? Yeah. Oh my gosh. I, I got a call. I couldn't believe it first. I thought it was Kiki and Mike, Kiki Tyson and Mike Tyson, who did it. And I said, Kiki, did you do this? She wouldn't know. don don't even know about it. So it was Netflix, MVP and, and the executive producers of the event, they're the ones that came up with the idea. And I was in shock. And at first I was just supposed to be a co-host with Ka Kate Abdu. Kate Abdu Scott. Now And I was excited just for that because I totally respect this woman. She is so respected in the sports world. You know. She also does soccer, what they call football over there and everything.


Pool bar. And, and she does really well. Very, very fine job with boxing as well. And, and then they came back and they said, You know what? We changed our mind. We want you to do color commentary. And I went, no, no, no, no, no. You should leave that to the professionals. And they said, we just want the voice that you have on Twitter, the voice that you have when you are hanging out with boxing people. That's what we want from you. And so we did a test run and it was me, Mauro Ronaldo and Roy Jones Jr. And we watched the fight with the sound off as if we were gonna do it. And I was so nervous at first.


And, and then as it was going on and on, I'm getting so into it and I'm cracking jokes. And I'm like, yo, did you see that shot? Oh my God. With the left hook just down. And so when it was over, I thought, they're not gonna hire me for this. And my manager talk was like, we'll hear from them probably on Monday. And he went, Bing. He went, oh shit. They just hired you for it. Mm. I was like, oh my gosh. And so the pressure's on. The pressure's On, but definitely Congratulations. That's amazing. I can't wait to hear you. Your voice just compensating on a fight That's gonna be so good for me. Oh, She said good for me.


Good for me because I love her voice. It's gonna be so good. Well, I just, I just hope I, I just stay with the fun. Yeah. You know what they were telling me. The executive producers are from HBO Boxing, HBO, boxing after Doc. So I actually know those guys and what I really love about the boxing world, they, they tell you straight, they don't sugar coat. They don't You know. I'm sure you, he is like, You know we're doing more rehearsals. He goes, okay, rose, don't, don't do it like that. No, no. Don't You know. And so I was like, thank you. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. You know. So I'm very excited about it. I'm, I'm ecstatic about it. Actually, And, I got to be in the fighter's meeting for the first time in my life. That's, that was a dream. And Vidder's meaning is that before the fight you interview the boxers and you get to ask them questions right before the fight, the day of the fight?


No, no, no. Oh, this is a, a week before we already had it. Oh, got you. And You know. So being on the, on there with Mario Barrios and Katie Taylor, Amanda Serrano, Jake Paul. Mm. Mike Tyson. Well actually I missed the one with Jake Paul 'cause I had to do the Fallon show, but Andre World, I said, make sure you ask him this question for me. And so when I saw the playback he did, he goes, Rosen Perez said he, she has, she wants me to ask you this. And he was like, oh cool. That's what's up. You know. And so, and You know And I know a lot of people. Give Jake Paul a lot of crap. I just, I used to too. I used to give him a lot of crap. Like what is he doing? This is a dangerous sport.


You don't play boxing. Yeah. You know And. I don't want him to get hurt. And people were You know downing him and stuff. But what he did for boxing, what he did for Amanda Serrano, my girl and Katie Taylor and got them paid. Yeah. Things that promoters and networks said could never happen for women. He goes, really? Let me show you how to do it. And he did it. He did it. And after the Amanda Serrano and Katie Taylor fight, we were leaving the stadium. And. I was really upset. 'cause I thought Amanda won that fight. And I saw Jake coming down the hallway and he had tears in his eyes because his fighter loss. Yeah. And I went, you are a really true blue boxing Yeah.


Fan. And I And I. And he went like this. And I shook his hand. And I said, I respect you sir. And he says, that means a lot to me. I said, you mean a lot to box And I respect you. You really did it. You really put your, your money where your mouth was and, and, and good shit. That's amazing. And so it was good. It was good. So who's your favorite on the fight? Who do you want to win? Can you say, oh, now that you're commentating, can't say No more. Oh, she can. I can't say. You Can't say, I can't say, I can't say because you You know. 'cause of course you, you came, you, you, you come from the age of Mike Tyson. Right. So I would just have to say you leaning, you're not gonna say it, but you've seen the Tyson fights, you've seen them knock people out in the street. So it's almost like you wanna see Mike just one good time. She can't.


I see how you look. Gravitated. She Tyson get Yeah. Yeah. Well You know. Alright, let me try, let, try and get something outta her. All right. You gotta tell us who you want to win. Or the rapper that you dated. What? Yeah. Why is she doing it? Oh, you could, might as well add a third one. Go to hell. And The JLo all three. Pick one one. I'm like, no, I'm not saying it. Alright, cool. I try to try to step you up. All You know I could give my opinions on the fight as opposed to who I want to win. So with Jake Paul and Mike Tyson, I think it's gonna be, it could go either way.


Hey yo say that. No, honestly, honestly, because, because Jake has his youth. So there's that stamina. That stamina that he has an advantage of. He's been more active. That's a big asset in boxing. Yeah. You have to stay active. But the latest videos from Mike Tyson on social media, you're like, what looks scary? That is not the Mike Tyson who even went up against, what was it, four or five years ago, against Roy Jones Jr. In an exhibition fight. Right. So this is a two eight fight, two minute, eight round fight. And if he's looking that good, I think Jake Paul should take it very seriously.


Yeah. And in the fighter's meeting, he said he is taking it seriously. He's not, he, he believes he can win. He has that champion belief. But Tyson interviewing him, it was eerie. It was eerie because he was not messing around. He was all business. Because I know Mike, Mike is goofy and he is funny and he is emotional. And this, he had boom, I'm in, he's focused fight mode zone. I'm not playing And. I said, wow, everybody on the fighter's meeting. We were all like, and even the guy, the executive leader says, anybody else has another question for Mike?


And we were like, I think we're good. You know. Right. So that's why I'm saying, wow. Okay. This is gonna be a really good one. You know What are the rules, just so You know before you get outta here are the rules are changed. 'cause we heard that the gloves are gonna be bigger. And at one time we heard that they're gonna be wearing a face mask. But that's not true. So are there any rules outside of the normal boxing thing that people should be looking forward besides the too many eight rounds? No, I think it's, and and the bigger gloves and that's it. But I think it's, it's gonna be a real fight. And I think it was really smart of MVP promotions and Netflix to have legitimate boxing matches on that cod. It's not just no disrespect, not just a bunch of YouTubers.


Yeah. Or boxers or UFC fighters pass their prime. Right. You have Mario Barrios fighting. He is a real champion and a real contender. And he does not play that man is people respect him, he's a warrior. And then you have Amanda Sorano, Katie Taylor too. Something boxing fans have been waiting for, for, for these to hopping. 'cause it was supposed to in and then the thing fell through. So I think that it's gonna do well. I thought it was a very, very smart thing for those two companies to put on because boxing fans are going to watch it because of those two. Gotcha. And Mike Tyson, of course You know what I mean?


And and The World is gonna watch it because of Mike Tyson. Got you. You know. Yes. Jake Paul's gonna bring a younger crowd and he always does. That's why he feels the stadium and everything like that. But worldwide, people of a certain age, they're tuning in for Mike Tyson. Absolutely. Well we appreciate you for joining us today. Yes. I don't thank so Rosie Perez, ladies and gentlemen, she's gonna be commentating a fight this Friday, right? This Friday. This Friday. This Friday on Netflix. Now you don't have to pay Netflix. As long as you have a Netflix membership, you can watch it, right? Yes. And also the prelims are gonna be on YouTube, on MVP's, YouTube for free and on Netflix, YouTube channel. I didn't even know they had a YouTube channel.


I didn't know that either. It's called Ta You know 'cause of the sound. Ta ta. So it's called Netflix ta. That's funny. And you wanna wash the prelims there. And please wash the prelims. Especially if you're a boxing fan because shoo Bruce Shuchu Carrington is gonna be the opening bout. Okay. And he is, that's Brooklyn's own Brownsville zone. Never ran, never Will. And so that's gonna be an exciting fight. I'm gonna call that one just because I'm such a shoo shoe fan, but I'm not gonna call the rest of the color commentate on the rest of the prelims. Amir Tyson, Mike Tyson's son is gonna be doing that. Okay, nice. And then I'll come back for the main card. Alright, Well we appreciate you for joining us this morning.


Yes. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Rosie Perez. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God And. I. Want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail


Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers wanted more flavor to pair with all the amazing food in the city. Vitamin Water is so New York. Its three favorite cheeses are chopped cheese, bacon, egg, and cheese. And a slice of cheese pizza. Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


I don't know if You know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.