
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Show me how good it could get today. God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer Hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long La Rose is here as well. We got a special guest in the building. Yes. Just lied to me. Just told me Chuck Norris was coming. I did not test. I was, I was ready to get my kung fu on my and all that. Did I? I said Chuck Morris, Dr. Chuck Morris Mor. Welcome Dr. Chuck Morris. Listen Dr. And we can still kung fu gimme some time to stretch, but we can still come fu that if that makes it better. That's right. Now Dr. Chuck Morris, he's from Philly. He is, has the first ever fitness coach of Philadelphia.


He wrote a book called Stress the Human Superpower, the Miseducation of Stress. And just behind the scenes was telling us that you got a new machine that makes workout. I ain't only gotta go to the gym one day, but it's like the workout of five days. She Said, that's all we need to know is you got a machine One day a week machines. Oh, one day a week. Crazy. 20 minutes for the last eight years. One day a week. And He's delivering, where's the machine? You got it with You. It is downstairs. It's gonna take while to bring it up. Now Look how, how much is this machine? Oh, the machine. It is about 58 grand. What is it? 50 Grand. What is it? Break it down. So in essence, we can hold more weight than we can pick up. Like if I'm taking my groceries in, you can put more on me than I can actually pick up right.


As human beings. So the machine gives you the maximum thing that you can handle for time. So it's constantly changing based on what you're doing. So the more you fatigue, the more machine turns it up and turns it down. So when you're done, you've done all you could possibly do. So there's no need for anything more. 20 Minutes, a 20 minutes a session. That's it. One day a Week. One day a week. Is it healthy? It's extremely healthy because you first off, you get your whole week back. But do you get your cardio like, 'cause you know they say cardio does your hard weight It like you doing the stama. Like what workout Is it? I'm not gonna take you. Okay. If I wanna get real, real, real strong, I'm a powerlifter. Yes. Heavyweight. Maybe three reps.


I want to get more like a bodybuilder, lighter weight, 12 reps. Everybody heard of that, right? Yeah. Yeah. I wanna get shredded lighter weight. Even 30 reps. Well this machine does all three at the same time. Because any one of those you do, you lose the other two, there's no gravity. So there's no gravity. So there is no way for you to get injured and it's giving you everything. So when you say, do I do cardio, what makes your heart pump your muscles moving? If a car is trying to crush you, your heart pump real fast. And that's basically what she doing. I call it the precious. So she's pushing on you for strong and it's the precious, she call it the Yes. She calls the machine precious from the movie. Yes. Yeah. Poor pressure. She gonna take a little bit of your soul but she won't give it back.


Yeah. Okay. She won't give it back. She don't give it back. So how, how did you hear about this, this product? Because it's a, I'm sure this is something and and you could lose weight with This. Yeah. So every, so every reason why we work out, we get that accomplished literally in one day. If you think about it right now, in every, every other part of the, like your consumer world, everything, you can take a phone from that phone, even though we get irritated, it's gonna give you real time data from a satellite. Your car could even park itself in Parallel Park. But the gym right now looks like the same gym from 30 years ago. It's the only industry. So it's just science.


We're literally using science in the AI to get people stronger, faster. And then we have a whole nother model that's for recovery and stress. Yes. Like it is, it is game changer. It is a game changer because most people don't work out because they say it's because they're not disciplined. Time and discipline and Time. Yeah. That's not really true. It's not not really true. So What do, what do you think the reason is? I think the reason is we is because we failed. Mm. Our space failed. All right. I'm gonna, okay, I'm sold not to do this, but I'm gonna do it anyway. You name me one consumer experience that you can have. Just name one where you pay for it in result but don't get the result.


And not only will you pay for it again, but you blame yourself. Pick one. If you go to change, if you go to get your car brakes changed and the brakes don't work, it's a problem. Correct. Fitness and wellness is the only space where you can pay me for something. You don't get what you paid for. A lot of people say marriage. Oh My, not my marriage. I'm not, not, I've been married for 21 years. Love you babe. I'm Just joking. You messed up. Happy home. Emini here. That makes sense. 'cause you pay for a gym membership, you are there for a year and you don't get the results and you still do it and you don't get the results and you still do it. That's like some of these subscription based flat tummy tees. Yeah.


All of that and all that stuff. Because I get to blame you and then you really think you, you know what? You right. I wasn't disciplined. I didn't stick to the eating plan. Or are they just using bad science? They don't know what they doing. Mm. Just because everybody has a body that don't mean everybody know the science of how to make the body better To break down the machine. How does the machine work? I come to your gym, right? And I'm like, doc Chuck Morris with a MI wanna lose, I want to gain weight. My son plays football for Univer University Miami and he's diesel. I wanna match him, but I don't wanna, I don't have the time to work out like him or the discipline and look at his arm. Got it. So the Yes, I'm I'm gonna look. Yes, I'm gonna look down. 'cause I feel like that wasn't, that was a conversation earlier.


That ain't got nothing to do with me. Go ahead. First thing we're gonna do, we gonna take you through what we call the gray Matter assessment. It's, it's a system that we design. The gray matter is the part of your brain, your nervous system that controls emotion, motor skill, all that. You gonna take you through a two hour assessment. So I Gotta put something on my head or Just we going Yeah, it is gonna be a whole bunch of stuff. We gonna measure your body, your movements, we gonna do all that kind of stuff. Then we gonna put together a playbook, which is your prescription of what needs to happen for you to get in the best shape of your life forever. To include, literally make your heart, brain and lungs five years younger. And then all you do is show up. So what is experience like? You show up. You want come in, you gonna sit down on the precious, she gonna talk good to you.


You gonna talk good to her? I sit down on the precious Is it a l machine device or you stand up or is it in water? Like Both. So think of, think about people are listening because I don I'm Here we go. So think about you sitting into a cable machine. Okay? Have you ever been to the gym before? Right. So I'm, I'm sitting in a big cable machine and imagine that this cable machine doesn't have pins. Instead of pins, there's motors and instead of pins, there's a computer screen and we, we change the computer screen to I to adjust for your, like your range of motion. You're gonna do all of that. And then we hit go. And all you do is push for your life and the machine is adjusting and and adapting to you. You feel like it's the worst thing you've ever done in your life.


And it's constantly giving you all the pressure that you can possibly take from every range of motion, for every movement. So chest press, leg press, curl overhead, press everything. The computer, the machine, the ai, the precious is squeezing down on you safely. 'cause the moment you let go it stops. Mm. In 20 minutes. 20 Minutes. Listen, charm me. I'm sorry. I'm vy, I'm vym, I'm vy, I'm A handsome one. You told me you was gonna get a higher seat from me. I'm gonna tell you, but I'm not gonna tell nobody else. We have to say it's 20 minutes because if we don't, everybody gonna say be lying. It really only take eight and a half. So eight and A half minutes. So, alright. What Now what about if you wear a wig?


Like if you got a wig and your wig is not too nice, how do they put the machine on your head? Oh. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. The head on your head. It's just for the diagnostics, for the actual workout. It's just weights. Yeah. Yeah. So if, so you good Lauren? Just for diagnostics, that means you, you, nothing won't sweat on your face. Dr. Morris, she don't have a wig on right now. That is her hair and it Looks marvel. Yeah. And and if you can't tell his beer is died well today. So what I was trying to make sure of is That just from my pause. Yeah. But I definitely felt like it was some internal you you Feel that? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But there is no wiggle going. But go ahead. How did you get into this? Like what, what made you want to work out this way instead of going to the gym, you know, every day or three or four days out the week?


How did you arrive here Be? Because I really like, honestly want people to, to change their life. And I had to figure out what's getting in the way. And everybody said, I don't have time And I'm not getting results and there's too much science out here. I didn't design the machine, I just grabbed it and then put together a whole bunch of other machines to make 'em work together. And what I saw was only 8% of the population has a fitness program, but it's a trillion dollar business. Like that's, that's crazy. But people said I want to get results And I need time back. So I said okay, well how do we do that? Where do we find that? And that really drove us into this model of giving people their time back.


So we wanted to, I wanted people to say, I can do it for real and I'll win. And that took us down Australia, Germany, Singapore, we want searching all over The World for how do we get people to actually guarantee the results and make it happen faster. Yeah. And that was, that was like the genesis of that. And then the whole stress thing that became, I didn't see that coming. Hmm. So the, like you mentioned the book Stress, the Human Superpower, what spawned that was T mm 13. So 13 years ago, anybody that knew me, I was one of the healthiest pe people that they know hands down period.


And I thought I had pink eye. So it was bothering me, it was irritating me, it was bothering me, it was irritating me. I go to my physician, he does a great phenomenal eye exam. You right, you do have pink eye. That was the entire eye exam. Gave me a script. I took the pills. Three days later I'm balled up in a living room floor with blanks and stuff over my head and, and the most excruciating pain I have ever been in my life. Mm. It felt like somebody had like spike gloves on twisting down my nervous system. Mm. They finally said, we gotta get you to the hospital. So they go to take me outside. First time I've been out the door in three days, the sunlight hit my eyelids And I hit the ground. Almost peed on myself 'cause of the pain. Mm.


They take me to south surgery eye surgeons. I didn't have pink eye, didn't have pink eye. He misdiagnosed me. Mm. I had ulcers on my eyes from chronic stress. Oh wow. Actual ulcers. And his medication that he gave me made him grow. Oh. So I'm the healthiest person that anybody knows that know me. And I had been doing it for a long time And I didn't know that chronic stress had created ulcers in my eyes. Mm. And that's when I said, okay, we gotta deal with the stress thing. We, because this is crazy. It's killing people. And that's what drove us down the stress and how does the brain work, which became kind of like our, our calling call for everything that we do.


So now everything that we do is recovery based on the nervous system. So the fitness thing is super cool because that gets people in the building like, hey, okay. But then when they get there, they find out that hey listen, we gonna get you outta chronic pain and get you outta chronic stress. Yeah. And that's how we actually like change people's lives. How much is the procedure? So if somebody wants to come to the gym, is there a membership? Do they have to pay per, like how how does it it work? Is it Affordable? It's not a procedure. Envy the The workout program. Workout program. Yeah. Okay. Workout program procedure. So yeah, they can get just a recovery thing. Cost 'em about a hundred, 125 bucks just for a low recovery session. And then if they want to actually have a membership, it ranges from 650 to 1,250 per month.


And They need it once a week. Once a week. Now can you go more than once a week? Are you taking people more than once A week? Right. We take people more than once a week because now you fitness Nigga, like why do you need more once a Week to your point? Do Jesus. So the exercise is done so you, you're not doing more exercise. That's done.


Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowes premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fab, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Burrow and every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment to talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that make them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shape their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cape off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own garden. Is it wrong To want more? We migrated our family. Migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael Tu podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Show me how good it can get today God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Res. I am the creator and host of hella black, hella queer, hella Christian. A fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast that explores society, culture and the intersections of faith and identity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian to hear conversations about what it means to sound the way you look. I think what I've had to make peace with is that every iteration of my voice is given to me by God And I love it. Books That validated our identity. The library now for me is a safe space as someone who is writing books that they're trying to take off of Shelves and how we as black queer folks relate to our Christianity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The rest of the week is all the recovery stuff. Gotcha. Satic, pain, jaw pain, ms, like all of those. All those other recovery things. That's what you do for the rest of the week. So my question to you is, so you do that So you never lift weights, you only do the machine. Yeah, that's it now. Yeah. Last Eight years. And how long have you been doing it? Eight. Eight. So for eight years you haven't touched the weight, you just do the machine. I do a body weight on Sundays. I do a body weight program. That's it. And then what about diet? Like does diet have any effect on it at all? Like diet does. Okay. Diet does have a big effect on it. That's why we do customized nutrition program with ai, all that kind of stuff. But with that being said, here's here's the catch. They be messing the diet thing up.


That's why it's cleaning everybody calories in, calories out. Everybody heard of that? Right? Cut your calories down, lose weight. If that worked, we'd be the fittest. Like people in the nation, it don't work. It's not true. It's literally not true. If you take an apple, an apple has five batteries in it And I put it in my body, I don't get to dictate where those batteries go. The calories in, calories out is based on a closed loop, perfect system And that's not what the body is. So when we try to deal with diet, we say, Hey, here's the perfect eating for you, for your heart, for your lungs, for everything. But don't start there. Just don't drink sugar. Like we pick little stuff because when you start training and you increase the muscle, increase your bone density and your stress levels go down and the inflammation in your body goes down, you can eat almost whatever you want.


Okay, But don't tell Jess. Okay. I'm trying to get her to to eat clean. Yes. Yeah. The the the diet thing is She had this morning For, oh my god, it was only Half. She Could Eat half out half of a sausage, egg and cheese croissant with a little bit of ketchup. Any And ketchup. It was, that's Vegetables. Just half. It was half. She had a man pretty dis She'd be disrespectful in the morning. Got like crazy like It is C chocolate pastry. She Just getting started though. And raspberry. What? Sugar? Every day. Every day. I don't drink Coffee. Okay. That's my little, That's the hit. Okay, Now sugar. Alright, Well here we go. Do y'all work out? Yes. Okay. What's your favorite part? None of it. Why do you work out?


Because if not, I'd probably be big as a house. Okay. I don't know if I'd be big as a house, but the healthy, like I, you know, I do the, I walk on the treadmill for 30, 45 minutes, 12 and a half. One, three and a half. Then I just do, you know, body part weights Got you. Nothing crazy. I play basketball, things like that. But how much time a week does that take you? I used to do it a lot more, but I got these two dogs and these two dogs are busting my ass. But I would do it like four times a week. All right. So in the morning before work, How about you? No, nothing. Not at all. I go to sleep. Okay, why not in your opinion, a week still? I just don't, first of all I don't have a Wig. Oh my God. I just don't. And also, but so before I was here more I would do just like walk, like going outside and walking or treadmill.


Right? Not because of like weight loss or anything. Obviously I'm giving but because I just felt like I needed to be active. Like my body didn't feel like it was moving. Right. But now I don't do anything 'cause I'm doing some, I'm working so much. So that's like everybody in the country. But your Machine sounds like it doesn't sound real so it sounds scary. It it Sounds, it sounds too good to be true. Like it sounds like so something that like I Can it for 20 minutes and Then yeah it sounds like something years from now I'm gonna have like something going on with myself because I'm Doing, I start shaking doing the shake. Listen, That's only because y'all don't know. It's just because you didn't know you. Right. If you knew the signs you might, oh yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. But alright, I'm gonna make it easy. Okay? Make it easy.


You, here we go. Money back guarantee. We've been doing that for 15 years. We've never had to give anybody money back. Money back guarantee. Here's the deal, you give me 60 minutes in the entire week, 60 minutes for the whole week and if I don't change your life, you get all your money back. How long will it take? I love that question. How long does it take in the gym normally for you? Emini here. It could take weeks. Could take weeks. If You had to guess, if you had to guess what, what would you Say? It depends how, how hard you go in the gym. So let's say, Let's say you go normal. It depends what I wanna do for You. For you on your normal, when you in your flow, how many, how many weeks do you think it might take you to for you?


When you look at it like, oh yo, I see this happening three weeks. Three weeks straight. Okay. Three weeks straight, two weeks straight, two and a half weeks Straight. Alright? So most people, anywhere from four to eight weeks, it takes somebody to change. I could see my body changing in about two and a half, three weeks. I could see my body, you can see it. Beautiful. Now let's assume, Just say you had a couple of off weeks. Let's say it takes you six weeks. Six weeks in my world is literally six days. Hmm. It is literally six hours. What the hell you talking about? Come on baby. That's, They just gotta try, right? Listen, you can't believe it to every, everything you try to do is gonna tell you that it's wrong until you do it.


I'm Telling you, I told him he was bullshitting. I told him he was Yes. And now how you feel If I drive down to Philly, I'm telling I don. It's not even No we, we on Madison Avenue, baby Midtown, I'm say no more. 56 And Madison, we right Here. Question for you. Here we go. Let's go right now. Listen Me with a good time Question for you. I saw that you used to train like former athletes, Olympic athletes and stuff like that. So are any of them in this program? Is there anybody that we can like point to that we know that you've worked with that you're okay with talking about? I cannot talk about any current athletes. Yeah, because that messes messes with their money. Oh, we get some of the older ones on how you are. So I'm a Philly boy.


So Trey Thomas with the Eagles, Marion Barber with Dallas, Hank Petite, new England Champ, Carly Lloyd Olympic Gold medalists. All these are all legends. Anybody from Delaware, Sean, Sean, Gary, anybody From Delaware? She's from Delaware. Do we have anybody from She don't know. He don't. Anybody from Delaware? We got athletes outta Delaware State. Busy Bone Highland, Devon Steele that used to play Keep On talking about Joe Biden. Biden and Right. We got people I believe. No, I believe you. I believe you. Like I believe because you've been more sincere about it. Like You really I'm gonna try you out. I'm gonna try you out. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna come tomorrow. Mm. And I'm gonna Tape it. If this, look I'm serious.


I'm you and got Gimme my money back. If you can help envy with his arms in the next month, I'll be there every day. Yeah, She got a problem. That's a good challenge. Listen, He can come in here with a, a custody shirt before the summer is over proudly because He, some Days he just coming here. We gotta be happy to be specific. What to ask is, so what's to ask end the summer. I want everything. I want everything. This is why Emini here. You get along. This is why we gonna get along. I want, I want, Come On Chris Brown. You look like Chris Brown. Alright, Now look. Now look, I'm gonna tell you this right now. Just like this. Lemme Tell you I got a rule. What's That? You have to use your powers for good. I'm not responsible for what happened after the super sexy kick in.


Look, I'm married kids but I, I want to rip the shirt off. Like nah. Alright, now if you wanna rip the shirt off, we will have the mess with you eating. We will got, we do gotta mess with your food. Yes. Michael B. Jordan. That's that's what Emini here. Oh yeah. Michael B. Jordan. How long gonna take me to get the Michael B. Jordan? Hold on, hold on. How much that cost too. Hold on. We do the math. Carry the one gimme September. September my birthday. September. Ooh, When you birthday. So my birthday September 3rd. Virgo season. Let's go man. September 3rd. You come tomorrow I'm ripping my shirt off September and it better be Michael B. Jordan period. Woo. Come. Okay, focus Ally. I'm sorry, I get excited. Let's Go. If it looks like Khaled me and you fighting, I want the Michael B. Jordan, I'm gonna get you fat.


He can't make you fat. Yo. Listen but I want the Michael B. Jordan. I'ma get, listen I want the Michael B. Jordan, I'm Getting what you need. But you really should do that. You know how the barbershop to have the 1, 2, 3 you like, you should one, the Michael B. Jordan, two to John Majors three to Chris Brown. The four like so black. I want the one. You know what, I like that. Yeah, I'm serious. And We gonna get Lauren the Clarissa Shields. We want her no to look. No, no, No. You don't want, that's a lot of working out. She's very in shape is I just wanna be there real cute like let me just come in every now and then. Huh? You keep looking at the old model. We doing something there. Oh. 'cause I don't gotta do as much. Yeah, Well And I gotta get my hair braided to become doing All this. No, you gonna do as much.


You don't Sweat. It's gonna be as much time. No, I ain't say that. You gonna do as much. Yeah, it just won't be as much time. This is is Well how, how can people get in touch with you and and find out more about it. And we Are you located We are at 5 75 Madison Avenue. Okay, So that's between What, what between 56 and 57th and Madison. Oh I could walk. All right. Yeah, we right here and You go, how bad will I be after the first day? Do I get sore? Like, like your real workouts. First off don't call it don't, don't say that. This ain't a real workout. Okay. I Gotta, I gotta right there. Gotta offended. The other part of it is we're gonna do the recovery right after the workout. So you're not even gonna be sore. I ain't gonna tell you that. 'cause you gonna tell you already told me I'm lying. Yeah, we gonna do recovery right afterwards so you not even sore.


Yeah, I'm serious. I'm coming tomorrow. Let me see Emini here. Lemme see what this is About. I'm serious. All right. And then my last question. Any negative long-term effects? Like anything that you know? No. 'cause I know people will wanna know that because this, this, this is some two good to be true shit Dr. Morris. Listen Every reason why we work out you getting it done. What I gotta wear Whatever you Wanna wear a dress nigga, you can wear it regular in With clothes. I don dunno if it's something you gotta wear because it got Jeans I've in Godspeed like just like you going in the gym, I've been in there and I've seen people, like men that have on suits. I've seen workout clothes. I've seen. Yes. I went in there with a skirt on one time And I was like, oh I forgot.


So I had to go put on some leggings. But it ain't what you think. You don't gotta get your hair braided to go do it. You really don't. It's not gonna sweat out. Yeah, no it's not. I promise you I be in there full face and makeup. 'cause I go right after work. Well Doc. Yep. So, oh, I'm sorry to answer your question. I ig so it's Dr. Chuck PhD or you can just mid or Midtown Biohack. Okay, so Midtown Biohack is RIG and mine is Dr. Chuck PhD. I just wanna tell you it's the wildest Lauren that the person that found this out is the person that don't want to go to the gym. That why she the lazy mother that wants to smoke and drink. And Jess was the one that found this motherfucker. Jess was the one necessity. The mother Of all invention necessity. See, God Will use, he will use Anybody.


He will use. And he used me to bring you to bring you to them. 'cause they need, especially the moms. You gotta get them. Listen. Oh my God. Gotta get some working Out. See you talk offline. I got a video. I'll show you. You on my talk. I got A video for him too. You on my talk? It's Dr. Jo, Chuck Morris. We appreciate CEO of Midtown Biohack and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I'll see you tomorrow. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wild successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The OGs of uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And we're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too Much and women have quietly listened And all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.