
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


This Christmas. So You're her, right? You're the boxer Experience, the incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my Baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout crowd pleaser. I'm gonna train for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've Been working my whole life. It is The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13, only in theaters everywhere. Christmas Day.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength. And Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jollier. Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with a sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Artesian. Get $50 off any cocktail maker at artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler b Open. Earbuds are stylish. The color the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring, You know? So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out bose.com for more.


We've got another exciting week of hoops coming up And I got the perfect way to get you even closer to the action on the court right now. All new DraftKings customers who bet just $5 will get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, just download the DraftKings Sports book app and sign up using my promo code TBC. New customers get $150 in bonus bets if your bet wins after betting just $5. And don't forget to stay in on the action and use your $150 in bonus bets on DraftKings same day game parlays or a shout out any, even a bigger payout. Combine multiple bets together from the same game. If sport betting is not yet available in your state. Well, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings daily fantasy and have the shot to win cash prizes. All right, download the DraftKings Sports book app now. New customers use my promo code TBC and bet just $5 on any wager and get $150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. That's promo code TBC only at DraftKings Sports book.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law LA filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building, The Future mayor in New York City. That's Right, man, Joey. Correct. Ladies. Fat Joe. Dawn. Man, don't say that man. I'm out the way. No, You was still dibbling dabbling. You was on the stage during the rallies Politic. Yeah, but I would never, I'm not a politic, I would never be a politician. Hear me out. You Are though, naturally, Joe. Yeah, but a politician to hip hop. Yeah, not a politician, politician. I can't do it. Trust me guys.


Your speech was great though. And people love you, Joe, On, on both sides. Nah, but the Pennsylvania, the Philly, You know, hits me all the time. Lls wife Simone be like, yo, you gotta run for mayor, you gotta run for Mayor Joe. I be like, yo, you crazy. I'm not, I I got nothing to do with that. Sometimes People see things in you that you don't see in yourself. Yeah, Joe. And just fight for the people no matter what word. And that's it. I don't want, I don't want to be in politics like that. Matter of fact, I might take three years off of of politics right now. I'm Discouraged You. Yes. How are you feeling? How, how, how are you doing, Joe? I'm good, man. You know, it's, it is a little tough, You know, we've been dealing with a lot of deaths lately and some, You know, sometimes that get to me, but I've been dealing with this so much in my life that I think I've been real strong, You know what I'm saying?


So, You know, all our friends been passing from Clark Ken to Fat Man Scoop to Chubby Baby to my man, Percy to my brother last week. It's just overwhelming, overwhelming old. Like that's, it's, You know, it's on. Are You dealing with, with Devil working? Are you dealing with it? How are You? I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm strong, man. I'm stronger than I thought I would be, You know what I'm saying? But You know, it's hard when you gotta tell your moms, You know, her, her favorite son died And I gotta fly to Miami to tell her all that, tell his son this. It's really hard, bro. I'm gonna be honest. You Know, I seen you say that yesterday. You know, you say your favorite mom, like your, your your mom's favorite son. Yeah. How do You Know that? I ain't gonna lie. It's what it is. We knew that my whole life.


Yeah. Like, You know what I'm saying? That's her favorite son, You know what I'm saying? And my mom's went up to the casket. So my mom, she's a cancer survivor, so she talks with the machine and the thing she was saying to my brother before we birth, it was crazy. She was like, You know, you come back to life, I would want to be your mother again. Like, it was just crazy. It was crazy. But, You know, we keep it moving. We got an album coming out on Friday. The World changed on me. I'm so proud of that work. You know what I'm saying? So proud of that work. How, How has The World changed for you? You see what's going on now? Yeah, it's like I'm the last un gentrified mc, You know, my, my, my music gangster.


My daughter be like, yo, but dad, look at what you said. I'm like, yo, I'm not gonna buy a new Ice Cube album. And he gonna talk about he a grandfather. Like, I want to hear him spit gangster. You know what I'm saying? So my music is, is un gentrified. It's like raw, it's gangster is dope. You know what I'm saying? We got something for everybody. And so, You know, The World done changed every which way you could think about it. This ain't the same world we grew up in. You know what I'm saying? This is a, this is a real tough time. It's a tough time. How has Fat Joe changed? Fat Joe has changed. Where I stick to whatever's normal, my circle gets smaller and smaller and smaller.


And You know, unfortunately, sometimes people we love, we catch 'em doing things they ain't supposed to do. So we gotta get 'em up out the way. And that's hard too. Being the boss pays the cost to be the boss. This is hard being a leader, being a boss, when you gotta regulate everything. And the way we move, we move by loyalty and morally, right. So we, we get, we cleanse all that out the way. It's, it, it, it, it's sad. Hey guys, financially I'm doing fantastic. We We know, we know I'm doing just fine. Thank, thank God with, with the new project, You know, besides the Paradise joint is, is is very street.


Mm. Now did you, did you want to keep it that way? Because you could've talked about a lot of other things that you're going through. Like you've, you were on the road for Kamala, you got your own show. You, You know, you Doing the Dick Clark New Year's Eve special. Yeah, yeah. But still, man, I, I want, You know, I am who I am musically. You know what I'm saying? And it's entertainment And I like to make that type of music, You know what I'm saying? And so of course I I like to talk my shit, You know what I'm saying? And so that's what it's always been for me. So I don't want to change up for nothing. I want you to get it and be like, either you like yeah, crack or you like, damn he's still talking crazy. You know, it's a, it is a vice versa. I remember the last project I put out with Dre Naza hit me up and was like, damn, first bar you talking about the coke?


The, I'm like, yo. 'cause You know, it's just because your status of society and all that, it starts making you question how you making your music. I grew up on real pure hip hop, street hip hop, gangsta culture. I always say I was young Jeezy before Young Jeezy. And so I'm gonna talk my talk regardless. You know what I'm saying? And so I don't like to let You know my family status or who I am now affect the purity of my music. I wanted it to sound like Joey from 1993, Joey from 1995, Joey from 2000, 2004. I can't, otherwise I can't do it. If you want me to sit up here and preach to you and be like, yo, this, that Calvin looks should have won.


And that's not what I'm doing. And You love violence. I was watching the old Breakfast club interview. And you, that's the way you No, he said it. That's what it's his, it his word. He said, I love violence. I used to love violence. Now I got security. That's a gentrified answer. Now I got security. That's a smart answer though. Huh? I said that, but so you said that you're the last un gentrified rapper, but when you answer questions like that, that's a great smart but gentrified answer and that's where it should be. So why not? It's not gentrified answer. It is a, I don't want to go to jail answer. It's A smart answer. Yes, But why, but why? So in the music, right? Like why, what's wrong with like the rappers that are after you?


What's wrong with them being the gentrify artist? Or like, what is a gentrify artist then? Well meaning that, You know, I like they asking me right now like, yo jaw as many routes you could have went, why is your album so hard? Right? That's who I am. Right. And I'm not going to change. And so a lot of other artists, You know what I'm saying, they change when they definitely, when they get to my age or they, from my era, their music sound different. Or they're talking about, they used to have the bubble goose in front of the store in Queens. I'm not used to nothing. I'm popping right now. Mm. So I'm talking that shit right now. We, we popping right now and, and it's a hard job. Let me tell you something to stay popping all the way till you outta here.


That's the goal. You know, we don't, You know, when Jada said we don't want to hear about the old niggas that had it be the same old niggas that rat it. That's right. We don't want to hear about you used to be popping, you had it fly, this, this, that, You know, I'm not with that. I wanna do this till it's over. You know what I'm saying? Beef fly, pull up in Sables and Louis shit. And just every time you see me, You know what I'm saying? You know, even on a bummy damn fly than everybody, You know what I'm saying? But you, you Say you don't like violence, Joe. But every we hear stories. I love violence of yester year. But no, we hear stories now. I can't do, What's The boxer name? Plant Okay, coming.


He had, Because the thing is was up here. He said no, I could tell you the truth. Okay. 'cause he skipped out on the truth. Okay. Okay. I'm not to be played with. So let's, let's be clear. I don't love violence and this and that. Just don't, I feel like, yo bro, don't, You know, like what's the problem? Like don't, don't. Well you don't believe the stories don't, You know, like a respect man. What's gonna happen to you? Respect me. I'm an elder. I'm a og. I'm walking through mine and my business, he come up on me 'cause he want to fight Edgar Balanga. He's like, yo man up. He was talking crazy and jumping like almost like he wants to swing like this world attention, viral, all that stuff.


You know, as far as I'm concerned, he had, he had a camera dude with him and it just didn't go his way. You know what I'm saying? Because I let him know. I said, yo bro, I can't tell you. I was like, yo, I'm, he said how the network money just came on the ground sometimes to tell him because he was jumping up and down like he was ready to hook off. And I was like, yo, bro, you you, you'll be eliminated. If you punch me, you're gone, bro. Like this ain't fighting. Not like you're gone. Like this ain't like, and he stopped like he, 'cause it's very rare somebody tells you something in another way like that.


Like in human life, when you tell somebody, yo my man, do You know what this is? He was like, oh wow. So the glitching, the troll is, is over. Like, You know what I'm saying? I was with my wife, I was with my daughter. He was very disrespectful to this guy. Oh, I understand his boxing and all that. But he came at me and he was, he was going like, like acting like he, I'm like, yo bro. Like he was about to spa. You ain't punching fat Joe. Do not punching fat. If you punch fat Joe, you got some sort of a wish witch hunting. Like you, it is gonna be bad bro, because I'm one of them guys.


I can't deal with it. Yeah. He said not now. I'm all putting a lot of work in the game. I'm well respected. I can't do it. But respect will not be tolerated. Disrespect will not, disd disrespect, will not of any, You know, I guess now you could diss me on Twitter, you could diss me on social media, You know? 'cause they diss me every day. I don't know. Do they dish you every day? Yes. I don't look. They do. What do they dish you? I don't every day. Yeah. I'm like every other day. Oh no, no, just me every day. If I want to feel horrible, I'll just throw on X. Fuck your mother do this and this. I'm be like, oh wow. You know what I'm saying? The only thing that does for me is let me know that, that, because You know, I'm a legend, You know, people celebrate me in a different way.


Iconic, this, this, that. And so if you stay in that lane, you wouldn't realize that the dangers on the other side of the door. But the ex lets me know, oh, there's people who think this way. Right. We gotta be careful. We gotta watch what we do. We, because You know, people tell you enough, you gotta believe what they saying. So you be like, all right, cool. I see it. You know what I'm saying? I see what it is. But other than that, I get nothing but love. I was about to say, I don't even think I've ever really heard somebody just playing with you like that. And you So people, that guy played with me. That's why I had to stop him. There's a way to make a guy do the electric boogie real quick. Like homeboy was like, yo, this, this. I said, bro, he looked at me, his whole face dropped.


He's like, oh, he never been told what I told him. And my daughter said, in real life, dad, in real life, you talk to him like that in real life. I said, ma, he was, he was, he was, he was acting like he was gonna punch me in my face in front of all these people. We can't, we can't go for that. Yeah. He said you told him, how did it feel having to get off the ground three times? You ain't got knocked out three times. Why you talking to me crazy. You just got knocked out three times. What are you talking about? Word? Yeah. What are you talking about? You, you want the smoke. But that's a part of their, like the the new age of things. Like you said, there's the cameras, he's recording and you resonate with so many different generations because of the stuff that you do. No, I'm with it. But, but how do you, I guess, how do you, it doesn't happen a lot, but yeah, in preparing to deal with that stuff, like how do you prepare to deal with that?


Because you, I just Don't really go out much. Okay. 'cause You know what I do is I sit in my couch, I mind my business. I have security, former police officers, like, we not going to trouble, we not getting in no type deal with them. Don't deal with me. You know what I'm saying? But me personally, I never get approached like that or played with like that. You know, this guy get it, he was boxing, he wants to go viral, whatever the case may be, you're not going viral. Even if you miss swinging on me, there's repercussions for that. I just want the respect that former godfathers had when I was coming up. Certain guys we knew not to play with.


We just ain't play with him. Yo, this guy's with his wife, his family don't play with him. Like you wanna play with him? Nah. Now you me, you mentioned you were with your daughter. Yes. Now how is Fat Joe as a father? You just asked me that. Behind the scenes. Behind the scenes. And I, and the reason I Ask, I'm the greatest father on the earth. But Now your daughter's getting to the age where she's in college and she's gonna start dating. She's dating. I follow her Instagram too. She's So Joey cracked. I love her as a father with a dating Daughter. I love this guy. I actually, I like him. I would've loved him if he wasn't dating. Mama Know, he's A beautiful guy. His family comes from a great family and we love the kid. They grew up, we got pictures of them two years old.


We on vacation with the family. And he, I noticed in all them pictures he's standing next to as the whole time he's in every pick. Like two years old, three years old, four years old. I'm like, yo, it's a beautiful guy. You know what I'm saying? I like, You know, I got mad love for him. But with my daughter, I'm really hands on. You know what I'm saying? And people say that divorce doesn't affect families, but to me it really does. No matter, you can lie and feel better if you want, but You know, a dad present, You know what I'm saying? Takes it a long way. And we got, we, we gotta teach our daughters how to respect themselves and know that a man gotta respect you.


So I give my daughter everything so she can know whoever come up behind me, he gotta do even better than that. Or he gotta respect the culture, whatever is going on. And You know, I'm just from that school of, if I got it, we all got it. You know what I'm saying? So she's living a, a little house on the prairie. You know what I'm saying? Now she's, you see, you follow her on Instagram. Yeah. She, that's crazy to me. She That's crazy. She's always on the fashion blogs. Her and your wife. They're always on the blogs. This Girl Carra and my wife. What? Let tell you something, these people run it up. I'm trying you, I'm trying to, I'm trying accountant. Why? I'm trying tell it.


No, my accountant, we call him Dr. Death. The shoe, the it be, every detail be hidden. Wow. They call him Dr. Death. I call him Dr. Death. Why? Nobody like to deal with the accountant. Yeah. Who love it. Like who love when it's tax time. Oh, you sit down. I wanna know the great American that loves it to sit down. And these accountants, they're like, they're numb. Like, You know, if you go to a doctor, doctor tell you, yo, you sick, we gotta fight for your life. He does 20 surgeries a day. He talks to you like none with no compassion. Accountants talk to you with no compassion. I'm like, hey, this is the number. No, but I had to go to the jungles to Shout later.


You almost got shot for that. Chuck. Like, Well they want their half Joe. You gotta always know you have a partner. Like, no, The plane was shaking like, Nah, it's Crazy. I gotta ask about dog house right now. The dog house. You Said you gotta put him in the dog house, but I know, But I wanna reverse that. When's the last time you've been in the doghouse in the Relationship? Oh, many a time. Many a time. It's like, You know, sometimes You know what's wild is, well I live in the projects, right? And it was a two bedroom, but the smallest bedrooms, you, we were stuck in apartment five years.


Now that I know. And my ceilings are so big, the house is so big. We was in each other's face. There was times I went and talked to my father for three, four months and walk around the house, could eat my food. This, because, You know, my father was tough. And You know, the worst thing you could do is break communication. Whether it's your kids, whether it's your wife. And You know, she'll walk around for three months not talking to me. Like, I'm like, oh man, something got to give. You know what I'm saying? Then I gotta go talk to all of, You know, I know how to do this. That's where the politics come in. I gotta, I gotta talk to Terrell. I gotta talk to Lauren writing girl, You know, all her influential friends would be like, yo, this is, this is terrible.


Like I'm getting played here. That's why you gotta put him in the doghouse. That's a un gentrified song. Gentrified Song. Ain't nobody talking about the dog house. You know, your man Chris Rock, it's his favorite song. But of course he lost 40 million in the divorce. Anybody who talk took that l like that, they wanna put him in the dog house as the dog house is probably my favorite song on the album. The album. That's crazy. You got Chris on the album, you and Chris got a, a real close relationship. Yeah, we Cool. We see each other at the games. We big Nick fans. So I was like, yo bro, I need you. We were at NA's 50th birthday party and his speech was so incredible.


I said, yo Chris, man, I never heard nobody say what you said. I said, I need you to say that on my album. He was like, he pulled up Uber, walked in there, did whatever he had to do. Then he just left like in an Uber like, like a normal guy. I don't know how to do that. I don know how, You know? Yeah. Everything gotta be, You know? Yep. How did you feel when the dude from the Dodgers horrendous blamed Joe for performers? For the reason the Yankees lost The World Series? They did. You dirty with the Mics, man, You know, I'm not art, I'm not premeditated enough, right?


So somebody like a Jay-Z would've thought about, what if we lose? I never thought that. I'm like, yo, it's, it's Yankee Stadium, my favorite team my whole life. I'm coming out there. This, this that I'm representing justice, the Puerto Ricans the night before Trump. So I came out there talking about Puerto Rico. So I'm like, it's up, right? Then they lose. And now he yell, fat Joe, you're the jinx, you're the, I'm like, yo bro. They was down too. Like, but the guy just me. I'm, I'm cool with it. You know what I'm saying? I'm cool with a guy. You know, that's his choice or what? I didn't know. It was so personal. Like, it could have been the Dodgers, it could have been the Blue Jays.


It could been anybody that we was just, You know, I was celebrating The World Series. They, You know, LA sometimes they really take it La, New York, You know what I'm saying? I ain't look at it like that. I was happy when I seen Ice Cube come out there and kill that, You know what I'm saying? And I loved it. I loved the whole experience about it. So him, this me, them, it don't mean nothing to me. You know what I'm saying? I get dissed all the time. But You perform at Yankee Stadium many times. So, but the audience that, Well, I practiced three times where the music was perfectly fine. I played, first of all, Jesse Collins did it. Not only Jesse Collins did it. The guy, I don't want to disrespect him. The guy who plays the instruments with the beard.


Oh, GU Tesla, not Quest. Oh, the other guy. He does everything. He's the biggest, I'm sorry for disrespecting you. If I don't know you, you might have to chop it up. The guy who plays the instruments for everybody. Right? So I had the two best guys in The World. So we went through the rehearsal and it was perfectly fine. And so when it came on, it was a delay in my, in my, in my ear thing. And I'm trying to catch it. They, they did me. They did you dirty. Did they, you felt it in the moment. Did You know? You were like, oh shit. I'm telling you, I was there. This is Jesse Collins. I know. So by the way, you're there from the morning to the night. They don't even allow you to go home.


Right? When you deal with Jesse Collins, you're kidnapped. So we went over that three times and it was perfectly fine. And then when the action thing comes on, it's a delay. You know, I perform every night. It's never a delay. It's not gonna be a delay on the Dick Clock. Special New Year's Eve. I don't know what happened. It was a delay. I'm not making excuses. I performed those same three songs every single day. It's not my fault. The thing was delayed. I don't know what to tell you. I still, I still enjoyed it. Would you go back and do it again? Of course I would. I'm a yo. Listen, I grew up in the Bronx and it, you look young, so you, this would sound like a cap.


But if you Google the Bronx looked like Ukraine. Like people blew up the buildings. I don't know. I'm not responsible for it. But where I grew up, the whole Bronx was flatlined. I don't, I'm telling you the truth and look bombs, right? We played on rubble. We didn't play in parks, we played on buildings that were broken, right? Abandoned buildings. Like I say, the biggest gang in the Bronx was the Stray Dogs. First thing in the morning. The Fun Stray Dogs is out there. And boy, you better stay away from the stray dogs, right? So the only inspiration I had growing up, I was, I'm five minutes away from Yankee Stadium, was the Yankee Stadium.


They had the light when they had a night game, You know, we would go over there, You know, the Yankees mean everything to me, You know what I'm saying? So to be tapped And I believe I deserved it, thank you for sticking up for me. But I believe I deserved to perform there. Yo, this, this, that. How about they were picking some names from New York dead with no disrespect. There was white guys looking at me in Yankee Stadium, like, who's that? And I got Anthems. Oh, I got you. I'm pretty much a superstar. I do Dick Clark, I do stadiums. I this, they were looking at me like they were waiting for Don't go messing with Cotton Ni Joe, cotton Ni Joe and the special crowd out there.


But You're synonymous with New York. If you think New York Hip hop, yeah, but you get One of these underground rappers. Yo throw this guy. Like he was not gonna do that. Who, who Was the underground? They was naming though. 'cause I Don Jada, case other, whoever. They, they was naming everybody. I I didn't hear a lot of people. I only really heard four. It was either Joe 50 Kisser Ho. That's the dope, You know, are names I heard. Well those are big names. That's not what I was talking about. Maybe I'm too much into the underground blogs. Oh yeah, I didn't see that. I only saw those. Yeah, they was naming, You know, some underground guys. I'm like, yo, them boys would've been lost in this water. I'm not talking about 50 cent old or J Kiss. But it was a honor. Especially with LA having Cube. You gotta have a New York staple who's, that's right, they got Cube.


So you need a New York staple from the Bronx. It only makes Sense. Today was a good day. One of the best hip hop. And it sounded a crystal clear when it came on too. That's what made me so mad. It sounded a crystal Clear. Yo crystal Clear. Once again, whether you want to call it kep or not. I was there all day. I rehearsed three times that day. And when I went out there to perform, it was a delay on the joint. It was crazy. I don't know what to tell you. I don't get nervous Now. Now I wanna go back to the album. They don't love you. They don't love you. Nobody. It says, what is it? Nobody wins when the family f feuds. Don't ask me no questions about Remy and PAOs.


Well You heard it. Why you asking me questions about How many, now I'm not asking you about that. I just wanna know how many times have people asked you about that, where you had to put that in the song A lot. You know what I'm saying? Behind the scenes, family, friends, this, this, that. I don't, I can't tell you what, don't ask no questions about Reverend Pat PO's real plus I don't know nothing. You don't know nothing. 'cause you don't Ask. No, I just don't know nothing. Like, I don't know what to tell you. It's Halloween. The whole family comes to my house. That's my goddaughter. She runs my house. So she comes in my goddaughter.


You see, this is why I'm trying to tell you, when you deal with kids with love, they know they're loved. Like there's nothing she can't do. She just gets up and she runs the whole house. And then she comes to my room and my room. I have more pictures of her than anybody. So I got like four pictures of her. So she brings her cousin to the house. So she's like, yo, yo, come here for me. Look, look, PopPop got my, You know, her cousin's like, you need another one? I think five is better. These Kids are funny. So according to me, we good. You know what I'm saying? I don't know When, when you talk about The World changing, right? Like the metrics for what's successful have changed too.


Like it's, it's just not the same. Like ain't no 10 times platinum, it's no, no, there's none of that happens. So what's considered successful? This Is music outta love. Yeah. Yeah. If it does great, it does great. I always make money through streaming and, and see, you gotta understand this ain't a first week thing. Back in the days, it'd be like you sell a first week and they project what you make. It's gonna be making money for 20, 30 years when people pick it up. See the way the streaming works is if you listen to the album, he listens, he listens, she listens. Enough of us listen, that goes as a a sale. So we not selling physical copies where people gotta stand outside online. You just download it on your phone and it's j it it's just, it keeps making money forever.


You know what I'm saying? And I wanted content out there. Tell you the truth. I thought about this question. I retired from hip hop, there's no lie I was doing shows, tv, whatever. And when Killer Mike won, that Grammy changed. The next day I was in the studio with Dre. I was like, yo, I was like, Dre, killer Mike, you heard this album? He was like, yo, I gotta join on there. I'm like, yo, let's get in the studio. They finally giving them out to the right people. And so I was like, yo, let's get in the studio. Let's work, let's make this album. So if it wasn't for Killer Mike, I'd have been all the way retired. You know what I'm saying? And I remember getting a call and not like I get a call every day, but I got a call from Eminem convincing me not to retire when I retired.


Joe, you one of the last ones left you dope. I was like, yo man, I'm outta here with this. But when Killer Mike won the Grammy, I say, oh see I, I never looked at people jealousy. I always looked at his inspiration. When somebody gets something I say, oh wow, we could get that. Somebody get a fly house car this. I'm like, oh, we could get that. These people get, we could get that. You know what I'm saying? It ain't at this point, it ain't like no amount of money that we can't get. You know what I'm saying? Look at these guys you got on the wall, but Martin Lawrence. Yeah. Will Smith, who's that? Lana wa you Up There? Nah, they all rich you up there too? You Did something.


Yeah, yeah. I'm up there somewhere. They're In the corner. I'm in the W I'm in the section eight search You DM X up there. Big Daddy Ka Charlie Murphy. Jennifer Lewis, Norie Issa Ray right there. Alright. Who's the woman right there? Maxine Waters? No that's, that's Jennifer Lewis. Yeah. Okay. God bless. Yeah, That's Jennifer Louis Issa Ray right there. Nory Of course. Yeah. They all got money man. You know what I'm saying? I want to be on that type of wall right there. You know what I'm saying? Remember when you said that Drake and Kendrick beef was over because Kendrick was taking too long? Yeah, I thought it was over. That's when the Block. I know. Alright, so I like, yeah, you remember you said that And sometimes people act like my voice ain't powerful if I'm gonna be conspiracy Joe.


He threw that record out right after Fat Joe said that next day that joint was up. Oh, fat Joe think it's over. It's on. I don't know. I Didn't think it was over. I just said Kendrick was on The clock. I felt the same. I'm like damn it's taking a while. It was taking a while. Yeah, but we didn't know he was making chapter 36. Dang. 36 chambers of Wu-Tang. So the reason Drake is still getting dragged for that song he heard. So Kendrick heard you had to drop the song. Now Drake's still getting dragged. I don't know if he look It's crazy 'cause he took a long time. But


he, the holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company,


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guest, the party planning, and the true meaning for the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now's the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Think of my things. I know that's real specific, but hint, hint. And here's a tip, write a list and execute early Amazon. Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with att? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four Details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


He finished it in a week. Kendrick finished it in like four days. Listen guys, You know hip hop, we've been battling forever, You know what I'm saying? Somebody gotta win, somebody gotta lose. And You know, with me, You know, maybe 'cause I'm older, I I, I measured this a whole different way and this is terrible because this ain't good culturally, but You know, from where I stand, You know what I'm saying? You know, they both good. That's all I, that's all I could say. You know what I'm saying? They both good. They both wealthy at this point. They're both doing great and I don't know, I don't wanna say yo, they're moving on.


'cause then chapter 36 might 66 might come out. So I don't know. What did I don know You got, I was gonna say you got Lawsuit. What did you think of the lawsuit? Lawsuit? He's filing a petition. I don't have no, no comment on that. You know what I'm saying? That I You've been standing by that. No comment. Huh? I said you've been, this is the second time I heard you say that. No comment because I really don't have a comment because like I said, I'm, I'm morally right. I'm loyalty, You know what I'm saying? I just, You know, I got no comment that, You know what I'm saying? That ain't, You know what I'm saying? What do you think about the lawsuit? I thought that the timing was horrible for Drake. I thought that the timing made him look like a simp.


I thought that a simp god Goddamn I thought that I understood, You know, sipp him like that. I'm just telling the truth. Aint do no girl. But I thought that I understood though the business side of it. If that conversation is true, there's arguments that it's not. What Do you think about the lawsuit? I think it Was bad timing. You think bad time? You think we would've did it on a great time? I'm There's No good time for him after not Would've been. It would've, it would've been good timing. But not after he just released his album and everybody's talking about the Super Bowl. He's, they're talking about it too much. And anything he does, he could say it's not towards Kendrick, it's against UMG. People are gonna put it towards Kendrick. It's gonna make him look crazy. I think if he wanted to do it, I think do it later on and, And I think he needs to come back with an album where he's rapping. Like no singing, no album with party, just rap.


I think he should just, everything he feels put in his lyrics. You think that's it? I think he should just chill. No, because I feel like Chill or retirement? No, Not retirement. Not retirement chill. Just like give it a beat. Because I feel like I, I like Drake but I think timing is always, it's gonna be horrible for him for a little bit. Let us get through the Super Bowl. Drake still gets busy man. The Grammy man, he still gets busy. I'm just, he not rap. He's Drake not rap. No, I I mean I think whenever you a multi-billion dollar entity, you going to have a problem with somebody labeling you a pedophile or some type of sexual offender. So I don't have no problem with that. But the problem I have is him challenging a system that he's benefited from. Like all of those performers enhancing drugs. The label gave the song or whatever Drake, you benefited from that your whole career.


So that's the issue I got. It's you turned, it's like you telling it on yourself. You cut your own legs out, you Turned it on us. Now it's your turn. No, I said I had no Comment. But what I'm saying to you is sometimes the artists see what happens with record labels. Let me just talk generically what happens with major record labels, to be honest with you, 'cause I'm independent. 15, 16 years is, a lot of times these artists don't know how these records are getting played. A lot of times they don't know the workings, they don't even wanna do an interview, they don't know what's going on. So they don't know how these records are getting promoted. They don't know what's being done to make you the hottest in The World.


But, You know, that's why I can't give no comment because to me a rap battle's a rap battle. You move on. You know what I'm saying? So Anything should be able to go in a rap battle. For the most part. Everything has been able to go, yes, fat Joe has been a fat fuck elephant in the room. My wife on a dis cover my di like, You know hip hop is Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's Terrible. Once they, once you, once you go in the yard, I think J Cole knew this. I think he just said, oh this, this too nasty for my liking. Let me just bow out gracefully. And You know, it, it depends like who wants 50 cent on they ass like 50 cent on you?


It's a terrible day. Like yo my God. Like I dealt with that for seven years But y'all made it look good. One of my favorite moments is the MTV awards when you went on stage and you was like, I feel so comfortable here because of all of the police, all of the police security courtesy and 50 cent G unit. That was fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. The jails rang off with that. I was big in the jails, You know what I'm saying? But You know, thank God, You know, but at the end of the day, we talking about two brothers that are wealthy. I, I really wanna say they're not rich guys. They're wealthy. They love their families. We love them both as artists.


There's no question about that. And maybe, You know, everybody moves on. I don't know, it's not my business. Last time I said that the guy dropped 36 chambers. So I'm buying my Business. You know, when I, when people say things like, yo, you think Drake and Kendrick could ever be cool? I'm like, well, 50 and Joe are cool. Na and they could be cool. Cool. Yeah. They could be Cool when, when time dies down. I think time will go when time dies. They could be cool. They could get money together. Who knows? With the future. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We don't know about the future, but The World changed on me. You know what I'm saying? So the future's not The, the more The World changes on you Joe. The, the, the older you get, the more def happens around you.


Do you ever feel like you wanna reach out to like old homies and like bury the hatchet? No. And so I need them niggas away from me far. I need them away from me man. You know, You know my thing is, and it's crazy 'cause I, You know, I looked at this one interview I did recently, right? So just like you looked at, You know when I go somewhere, I look at the old interviews I did here or if I'm going on math hafa, I look at the old interview I did with him or drink champs or whatever. So I looked at one interview where I was just saying we really stick by moral and loyal all the way down to my mother, bro.


I swear to God by, You know, we did my brother, my brother was kingpin, right? He was the boss. I was number two when we was in the streets in his funeral. The whole back was either former or kingpins. Now the whole back, anybody you ever heard a name of in the streets driving Lamborghinis and this and throwing the biggest, the holdback, you can't be a rat and get them people to come to your funeral. You can't be a sucker. You can't be immoral. You can't be not living by the cold. You know? So my thing is we choose it.


Listen, breakfast club is a great concept and it wins. You might go solo and it don't work. You might say, yo, I'm the star, I'm Lauryn Hill, I'm this, you might go solo. It don't, you might go solo, it don't work. We love you all together. So every now and then you got people who want to be ex unidos. You know, they want to be like, they think they could do it. And then once they do it and you step over here and you do it with disrespect, can't come back. Mm. That's how we work. That's really, and guess what? The guys who stood, they're all rich. In fact, they're filthy rich. These people, these guys, everybody who stood is rich.


Everybody's just, You know, if it is about monetary, everybody's good. It's just about you chose the wrong path. And once you choose the wrong path, you can't come back. That's and sorry for you. Sometimes when somebody does something stupid, we like, man, you went there like, You know me, You know when you got Fat Joe loving you, there's nothing he won't do for you. And so, You know, to lose that on this earth, there's so many fake people, fake friends, disloyal people. I won't disrespect none of my team for money.


I won't disrespect my man's wife. I want this, I won't do none of that. Like when you got a guy like that who's solid with you and you go the other way, it's like it tells a lot about you. Right, right, right. Now you said that The World changed on me is the album that comes out this Friday. And when you talk about The World changing, what are the things in The World that you're like, I just, there's no way, there's no morals, there's no none of that. The the things that you just say. Damn, That's hard to say with a title like that. How are you Latino and you vote for Donald Trump when they say Puerto Rico's a dump, a garbage, trash, a this.


See the thing about Puerto Ricans is they do it to me. Like to me, and if you ask me, I think I'm king of the English speaking Puerto Ricans, I tell you the truth. And every time I go, my nephew, he was born in Puerto Rico, he says, yo, when I go over there And I go vacation or something, he says, yo, you went to my island. You went to my island mine, my island. Every Puerto Rican, that girl right there tell you my island, they really think they own something over there, right? And the man disrespect your island and you talk about that's your president, this and this and that. And you go vote for him. It's disgusting. The World changed on me. Where's your morals?


Where's your pride? That was the conversation I had. That's all I could say. You know what I'm saying? And it's just so many different, I don't want to take it political, but it's just so many ways that this world is changing that I just don't understand it. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes things happen in this world where there's a hor and buggy, like I feel like the horse and buggy just got turned into the car or the Dow phone became a cell. I don't, I'm confused. So I sit back And I be like, damn, this everything weird right now. You know what I'm saying? So what I do is I just try to stay to the number, You know, the pre the mayor is indicted police commissioners.


And one day like this, this is not crazy to you guys. It's like an episode of power. Question to you though, because as like a person that like really feels like you, your family in Puerto Rico, shout out out to mayor. I stand by the mayor Gas Your family in Puerto Rico. That's like, this is my island, right? And there's so not even in Puerto Rico Or here at here, wherever You are a friend, if you went to vacation tomorrow to Puerto Rico, they already like that. Your best friend to be like my island. And they tell you, well your island is garbage according to these guys that you just voted for. My question to you is though, right? Like not even just with like people that are Puerto Rican, but just people in general that are from where you from went through what you went through. You said you are like the, you're a hip hop politician, you're for the people you were working on lowering the marijuana penalties with Kamala's team.


You wouldn't go across the aisle and work with Trump on that because your people need that. I personally think I will never work with Donald Trump. Just me. I don't care what the glory is. What the thing is, I don't care. You know, I've been fighting for healthcare, price transparency, going to Washington for years. This, this, that. If he passed the law, I don't even think I could stand behind him and just be like, okay, he passed the law. I've been fighting for it for 10 years. Just my personal opinion. It is what it is. You know what I'm saying? Why, Why, why, why do you fight for the, for the healthcare so, so strong? Is it a family member that went through something? Because you've been on it for a long time. This was, man, lemme tell you something man.


It's, it's, it's a lot of families out there hurting, getting denied health coverage, don't know what they paying. You know, when you see people limping across the street, they know they gotta go to the doctor. They scared to go in there and get the bill, right? And so many people, You know, you got people who paid insurance for 10, 20 years and then they get denied the coverage. You know? And so this, this is where you see this, this, this, this dynamic. So it is over a hundred million Americans that are in healthcare debt. And so, You know, according to the census ain't but 300 million Americans, so one outta every three people owes money to the hospitals.


And these guys are just running it up. You know, we, I do not condone the man getting killed the other day. That's not what I'm saying. Guys are saying, You know, I'm not with nobody, but You know, a lot of people hurting out there. You know what I'm saying? And so, You know, that's why I talk on behalf of that. But just so that You know, if the man come right now and pass the law, I'm not standing behind him. I'm not even if that's what I really want. I've been fighting for that for five, six years, going to, You know, I'm not doing that. You know what I'm saying? When you, when you go to Studio nine, you do albums like The World Changed on Me. What do you, what do you take from big Bitcoin?


I understand I'm the best. Let's just talk about that. Skillful. I'm the best. So you could do whatever you want. Everybody quietly, you listen to my album, you listen to anybody else album and you just see who's the best. And so what I say is, I'm alive. Gimme my flowers now. Why I gotta die. Why the game gotta die. Why Uncle Luke gotta die? Why didn't they tell him the truth all up? You know? You know what I'm saying? Guys ain't moving like we moving, like stop acting like that. You know what I'm saying? But you don't want to give it up, like, You know. So I just feel like I'm the best. Like I, I'm being honest with you. I'm, I'm so proud of this album.


I feel like I'm the best. Do you take pun with you in the Studio? And there was a one time it was, I I got that for you. Whenever I'm with Remy, I feel him in the studio. When me and Remy work together, he's there. You know, other than that, I take everybody in the studio with me. I take care of rest. I take Rakim, I take Outkast, I take Petey Pablo, I take everybody in the studio with me, Rick Ross. I take everybody in the studio with me. And there's so much knowledge here, You know, of music that, You know, I go in there And I start creating, I start hitting different flows. I start picking different kind of music and every, You know, I'm the best Go get it.


I wanted to ask you about NA too. 'cause you said, you said Killer Mike inspired you when he won a Grammy. Nas didn't inspire you when he won one, but what was it? Magic one? The Magic Project. That's a crazy, that's a crazy question. But yeah, I guess so. But Because he won one later in his career. Yeah, Yeah. Last couple of years. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, but you guys are crazy. You know, NAS is Illmatic Na should have had 20 Grammys word. It should have been just stopped it and said, yo Lifetime Achievement Award. Nas, like, 'cause the album Nas one went, we don't compare that to Illmatic Steel Mad or nothing like that.


He should have been won it. You know what I'm saying? So when they gave it to him, it was almost like we were fronting on this guy for 20 years. You know what I'm saying? So, You know, and so, You know, I felt he should have had 20 Grammys. It's, it is crazy when you, when you, You know, the Grammy is, is crazy too. Anyway, that's a whole nother, that's a whole nother thing. So it's like, You know, thank God they starting to embrace hip hop culture. You know, Pete Rock and Comedy, common Comedy got nominated. A bunch of guys got nominated. I actually love that album. But You know, You know they catching up. Mm. You, You know what I'm saying?


Now you mentioned Remy, right? She's on the US record. Mm. When is, when is Remy gonna get back in the studio? And how did you get? Well, She got a whole album. I don't know if it was for her to say it, but she Ready. Ready. Right. And how did you get Remy from, because usually Remy deebo you and gets on every record that she wants. Right. And I seen her, well, not seen, I seen at the, the Giants game. I didn't know she was the Philadelphia Eagles fans, by the way. But I didn't know that. But she is. And I had to sit next to her the whole game, which was a problem. But anyway, But I'm sitting next, Joe's like, where's your Pride? Where's your, where's your pride? But sitting next to her, it seemed like she loves motherhood so much. We sat there for two hours talking about our kids. Yeah. And I was like, damn. Re I don, I don't know if Remy wants to do any more records.


She Have, she, what time is it? It's still early, right? 10 0 3. Yeah. She doing the girl hair right now. Getting her for school. Picking out the outfit. My goddaughter's arguing with her. She wear what she wanna wear. She play like beautician with her. You know what I'm saying? Shout out Little Lonnie too. So they get ready to go to school. Like she's a real, real mother hands aunt, like Trunk or treat mother, like, like decorating the trunk. Remy Ma My thing is, You know, I had told her since the baby was born, I was like, yo, You know, get a nanny so that the baby you can move like you're a rap superstar. And she refused. And I kept, every time she, every time, bro, let's sit down, let's talk.


I'm like, I write it down And I be like, nanny with a circle. She be like, nah, nah, nah, nah, I'm not leaving my daughter with nobody. And then if you ain't family, like family, family, family, she ain't leaving that girl with nobody. And so I'm like, yo, this is what the rich people do. This is how you get rich. Get a nanny. Go dig. She's like, nah, I'm, You know, I'm with my daughter, so, nah, I love it. You know what I'm saying? I love it. She's a real mother. Hands on. But the music is gonna be just chilling till the nanny happens. 'cause she can't move around. She, No, she got music. She, she, Remy Ma is locked and loaded, ready to go, video shot, all type of stuff.


So What's the wait Get, you gotta ask her. You know what I'm saying? She's like, she's ready. She got a whole album ready to go. You know what I'm saying? So it's on her when she start dropping music and it's fire. Yeah. When you released it, what? The out control record, right? Remy was spitting crazy on that. That's not on this album. Was that on her album or was that was just a, just to feed the street? No, that was just a joint on, on the album. And then I was like, You know what, You know if I have my weight, well Paradise is number 10. Rhythmic record in, in the United States right now. I dropped another single with Babyface number one most added record. So we actually moving. Right, I got you.


But, huh? Record. I Got you. Yep. That's fine. A baby faced a living legend. Right. But my thing is, right, if I could take that off the album, I would too. Because I just want you to hear a whole new fresh. That's how I feel. I want everybody to hear a whole new fresh album. Something they ain't hear when they get it. They're like, whoa. 'cause I remember, You know, I'm a CD cassette tape. You know, I remember listening to Illmatic in the cassette for the first time. You know, I'm one of those. So when I make music, I'm thinking Hip hop heads, well, they'll be older now, but they sit in the car, they're about to drive somewhere and they throw that music on.


Well now they'll stream it. But I want them to hear it brand new. This is the intro. This is the this, this is the that. Yo, he's spitting. Yo, we talking about this. The girls got everything they want. The guys got everything they want. Bars, beats, You know what I'm saying? Shout out Toko and Dre. Shout out to Street Runner. Shout out to Don Cannon. Everybody that worked on the album, You know I got a crazy white boy on the album. Tug of War. Mm. You know, he from uk, he from the projects in the UK outside with him. You know, I love him back mind record. Yeah. So I see him on Instagram all the time. I hear him up and was like, yo, I wanna put you on the album. We got Ty Doo on the album. Babyface Remy, tone, sunshine.


Would you sign new artists now, Joe? Nah, I'm done. I put you average. Why? The headache or Headache is just a lot. Right? First of all, chances of a artist now, or any time being loyal are close to none. Mm. And so you take somebody, right? So God gives you, I don't know if You know my story. I'm from the projects for real. I know it from the real projects, sleeping on the floor. 'cause we ain't have ac It was too hot outside in the summer. I'd sleep on the floor if I got through, I wiped my ass with newspaper.


I'm from there. Right? So to have a miracle, God say, you're blessed. We're gonna give you a chance. Look, you're famous now you got money. And you say, You know what? I'm gonna bring some people with me. I'm gonna bring some people out the hood with me, and I'm gonna give 'em an opportunity. These guys got nothing. They have no way of getting to Def Jam. Anybody. You give 'em a chance, then they become millionaires and they turn, they immediately, the cannons get like, this goes from yo loyal this for life, this, this, this. And the canons go at you. And they say, You know, I'm a boss now I I don't want to be signed to you.


I don't want to this, this, this, this. I'm not talking about my experience. I'm talking about everybody's experience in hip hop. Yeah. For me, it left for bad taste. That's why I always say I could have signed Rick Ross. I could have signed Pit Bull. I could have signed them and them. I could have said, it was just at a time where I was just like, yo, You know what, just do you, and I'm a hit maker, which is hard to do, You know what I'm saying? I watch moguls give hits away to artists that turned around and returned fire and said, yo, you never did nothing for me. You, you ain't this and this. So it's like, yo, You know, you think I'm dealing with that at this day and age. I'm not dealing with that.


Now if somebody, let's say Steve Style, somebody came with the super bag and said, yo, you could run this. I might run it. You know what I'm saying? You know, I never turned down a good bag. You know what I'm saying? That's what this what it's all about. But artists, no way. It's just crazy. 'cause when even with your album title, The World changed on me. And hearing you say that when I listened to your interviews, you always tell stories of times where like, y'all had like the cliques, like Irv Gotti, like 50 cent G and it like, it seemed like everybody was together. But there is times that makes you be like, I don't even wanna bring people with me because there was a lot of other stuff happening too. Well, I'm just telling you my experience. Yeah. When you look at somebody you took from nothing and they become a millionaire and they popping and they talking crazy about you, it's a di see betrayal, just the thinking here.


He's always talking about mental health, but betrayal from the smallest to the biggest. It's the worst feeling in The World. Betrayal. And so when you give people the opportunity to become millionaires, I'm like, you never did nothing for me. You just, this that like, man, you couldn't even wash my shoes. You couldn't, you couldn't wash my socks. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You can't wear my shoes. You can't wash my socks. You serious? This? And then, and that happens in the hip hop game. I don't want to feel that no more. I feel it. So I'm like, You know, I'm good. Let me just work. You know? And also, so you got your arm broke before Joe devastated. Mm.


A couple of times when you sit there and you're just like, wow, they made moves like that. And You know, when, when my whole thing is based on loyalty, my whole thing is based on, You know, we better together, we stronger together, You know, and then you defect and they defecting this, that shit is horrible to me. I'm telling you what hurts me. And I seen it a million times in hip hop. It's just, it's just the way it is. So for me to invest, so Big Pun, Big Pun. All right. So Fat Joe is, I can't explain it to you now with who the young guys are, right?


But you see French Montana put out a record gangster show y da da. Then he made another move and put out, pop that with Drake, Rick Ross, this. So you see the evolution, right? So Fat Joe was on that projection as a rapper, like one of the first Latino rappers that was going, right? So I put out one album, I met Big Pun the last day of my second album. I put him on the album. Immediately I stopped my career. I was at my pop that I had the who Shot You, who the Think You Think you talking to with Foxy Brown and LL when they, I was on my projection turn around beat this guy was blown away and said, let me stop my career.


Where'd you mean pun for people that don't know in the bodega, outside the bodega around my projects. See nobody, The World changed on me too at that time. Like nobody told me, yo, you're a rap star now. So I'm still in the projects every day hanging out with them thinking this is all I know, right? So I live in Jersey Edgewater, but I'm coming to Project every day. So I meet at the Bodegas. So I stopped. Is he, is he Big Pun at the time? Or was he slim? Yeah. Yeah, he's, he's Big Pun. He ain't super Big Pun right. He ain't the chicken Big Mac. But You know The chicken big.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we are here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has some amazing gifts, like an eye massager and perfume sets and hairstyling tools for the person in your life that just needs a little bit of self care. This is a time to be joyful and around friends and family and people you care about and love. So don't stress, go to Amazon. They have everything. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


The chicken. Chicken. Big Mac is crazy. That should even be made. Yo, the chicken big. You tasted one. No, I oh my god. Chicken. That's good. Big Mac is legend out here man. Yo, you better try the chicken. Big Mac not. That's holy yo. When you try the chicken Big Mac. I thought you was eating better. No, I know I am, but somebody put me, we went to the store one day, I said, yo, I want to be fat. So I gave a guy a hundred dollars. I said just buy some unhealthy stuff. And they came back with that chicken Big Mac. I started eating my fingers like, oh my God, this is illegal.


Yo the chicken big man. No, it's illegal by the way. Word. So I go, so in any case, we get with Steve Rifkin, my mentor, we sign Pun And I use every juice of my projection on his album. You gotta understand they didn't even know him. So I gotta get Wyclef after he sold 30 million records with the Fugees to get and do a song with Big Pun Hard classic Joe Singa, who had just sold 600,000 records first week. I gotta go to kid do Massenburg saying I have an artist. They're like, yo, you barely blew up.


Like you, you an artist. And Joe shows up. So you use all these elements to help somebody else. Then they blow up. And then, You know, even though me and punk, we never had an argument in our life, but You know, you see where that went after that. Where you just like, You know what I'm saying? And did you see something? You created something, you did something you did that you can't really maneuver the right way. You know what I'm saying? Fat Joe own Big Pun stuff. It would've been already already movies, out, episode, TV episodes, this, this, that.


It would've been all that if everything was right And the blessing. So that's part of like, You know what I'm saying? You look at that, you go, this is crazy. You know what I'm saying? So me, I just stick to myself work hard. You got a Phenomenal track record though. I mean, 'cause without pun, you don't get Remy. You got the call the cooling Dres like, You know, you got a Phenomenal, You know, I got the track record. Yeah. Tony Sunshine. Like, I think Tony's phenomenal, You know? Yeah. Tony should have blew, You know, he's the, he's the only one. He's the only one that, You know, I feel like I let down, like even though I had Kelly writing them music, T Payne, these guys were the biggest songwriters in The World.


It just, I don't think The World was ready to hear Tony at that time. You know, he was, if You know, it would've been now he was a Spanish kid, would doing black music. It'd been now, he'd have been disgusted. But he still fly and he's with us and he's loyal. He will always be with us. So that means whenever you see how big Joe's going and how big he's going, just know Tony Sunshine smiling too. That's right. You know what I mean? He, with us, he's, he looks amazing. He's fly to death every day. It be, You know, we've been to so many funerals now. I think that's the new club live. 'cause don't come in with a new fur every funeral. Look. I'm like, yo, you styling in the funerals. Like what you doing out here? Like, You know, tone crazy.


But I love tone. I got, I got two questions for you. Big Pun. You said if you had owned everything, there would've been stuff out. I know that that was like a long dispute. It's all done now. Yeah. But ne that's not ever, there's no way that that stuff is gonna happen. We're gonna see any of that ever. Wow. Still at this point? I don't think so. I don't think so. Okay. You know, because sometimes it's almost like you and the, you dealing with a guy, no matter how much you love the guy, he hurt you so, so bad that, You know, there's always that element that if you open that door, you'll get hurt again. And so once you got that closure, you just like, I'm good. I'm alright. Got you. And then what's the other question? Irv? Have you talked to Irv Gotti? Nah, but I love Irv And I think about Irv And I pray for Irv every day because when we talk about loyalty and morals, You know, the guy took care me when, You know, I, it was a time I really needed him.


So I super love Irv. I'm actually a business partner with Chris in the basketball app. And so we've been, You know, he gets me to all these hood games, You know, 'cause Chris Gotti is so passionate about street, street ball. Street ball. So that clash tv, You know where partners, You know. And with Irv, I never, ever once again. And I, I'm, I know I sound like a sucker every time his name comes up. 'cause I do. 'cause I look at the interviews And I be like, damn Joe, you like a sucker when it comes to this guy. But it's just people you love though. I love him so much, but I really meant no harm and, and take anything away from him.


I was just defending the girl that I consider my sister, that I call her my sister every day to this day, she hits me up every day. You know, the baby's beautiful, this and this and that. So it is what it is. Well, that just sparked a third question. What's That? Because they were saying that Ashanti's having another baby. Is that happening? Oh, I don't think so, but I wouldn't put it past it. That's the problem. I think I got lied to when I heard the information. Like you, I went straight to the first time. I don't know if I'm being lied to. She might think I got a big mouth and I'll say something. You know what I mean? So I'm Joe, I don you wanna know What's going on?


I got the breaking news. I don't have the breaking news. So what, You know, when they a i, I don't know if I got the correct answer. And We do season two of Jora a Fed speech. Yeah, yeah. Fed Joe Talks, fa talks. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. We doing it, we started getting like, I think March shooting probably February, March. And You know, tv You know, it's a serious thing. It's like absolutely. It's like, You know, you gotta shout out to stars for supporting division. But You know, we gotta, You know, You know, I like, I love what we did. Everything we do is positive.


Everything's uplifting The people. When you could take a guy like Khaled who came for nothing and do an interview in front of a G six 500 and show little brown and black kids that everything's possible. When I see you stunt, I don't get jealous. I'm not that guy. I see young kids from Queens and all over the country seeing that you got it and they could get it. That's what this whole show is about. Inspiration. So every now and then, You know, you gotta, You know, these are different type of people. So you gotta pull 'em to the side and be like, no, we're doing, we're doing this like this. You know? And thank God they let me do it. But it, everything's about positivity. But You know, this next season I'm fighting to put, You know, everybody we got on there is Z icons.


Mary Jane Blige, this man met the man. So, but I want to bring a little bit more Streeter icons on the show. You know what I'm saying? Like, You know, when you TV like real street legend, I'm not, not like that. But when you, when you, when you, when you, You know, when you bring, You know, I want Young Thug on my show. I want, You know, I want, You know, I wanna talk that. Right, right, right. You know what I'm saying? And then it's like when you did with tv, it's a big difference. It is like, yeah. They'd be like, it it, I didn't know that that's kind of What you was doing when you had that show where they had to come down into like that little, it looked like a cave. What Was that called? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


That's Coca Vision. That's on title. It's free too. You were, yeah, you were. That's why I had six, nine that time. You know what I'm saying? All in, I had everybody, but you could talk freely and do whatever, You know, TV's a different type of thing. But so far I've stood to everything I always said I would do. The TV show is Maverick, LeBron, fat, Joe Black and Brown. I have a series coming out with the Terrero brothers, Dominican Yu and Jesse and Kenya Barris, black and Brown. I went to Hollywood and most people let them people do what they want with 'em. I can't do that. That's the one Based off your book. Huh? That's the one based off your book?


Yeah. Yeah. The one based off the book. So, but my thing is, I stand by why I say, And I go out there And I do it. And You know me, I've been praised and I've been let down. And all I know how to do is to keep moving, moving forward and, and, and keep going for the prize and going for the legacy. We, we pretty good at that. Absolutely. Last Question for me. The most influential rapper in hip hop history? Who is that? Why you asking me that? Oh, I'll tell you why. After you ask, I'll tell you. I tell you who I think, I think it's Biggie Smalls. Over ll Over ll Why? Because there's, there's nobody like BIGI mean, he changed the whole game.


He turned this game like you had to be there and be the, to go to his shows and the picket signs was outside and people were like, You know, it was around that bad boy time. It was, it was an experience that I've never experienced before. Now my idol is LL Cool j is he correct? Yes, he's correct. I think he should have just told me and let me say it, because that's what they mad at. They mad at when you say it yourself. But I I you not wrong. I think it's ll though. I think it's, No he ain't wrong, But he's changed the game and, and every decade he had he For the modern day hip superstar, my idol.


Okay, so you talking about the wrong guy. I don't disagree with you. I think he is the most important rapper in the thing I do. But now if you asking me personally, like we always love you talking to the wrong guy. I'm a sucker for LL Cool J so I know what you talking about. But as a whole of hip hop, I never seen nothing like BIG I'm just gonna keep it real with you. What's that album with y'all or that music? What? That music that you in Big Got? I don't know man. I don't even, I don't know. Nowadays they say it's ka I don't know what to tell you man. All I know is I say shit and all my shit is real. Who got the music?


Is It coming out? I don't know. It never coming out. But when I say shit is real, I don't care who the, who, whatever. You know what I'm saying? And I'm, so what people gotta understand is that I'm so accomplished. I have anthems, I have money. I'm a superstar. I have a great family. I have a this, I got whatever I want. I got a team. I ain't got the cap when I talk. I mean it. And it's, it is, it'll be, You know, it's always something that's certified, right? I told a story on million dollar worth of Game Dollar And I don't even know if the stylist to just say cap, cap, cap. So I told a story, simple Story. Oh, pictures or something like that.


I was, that was many years ago. I told him my first show was in Camden, New Jersey. Kobe K booked me for the show. Flo Joe, I'm so poor. He puts me in a nice hotel. I stay Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. He had to come knock on the door and say, yo, you don't live here Joe, you gotta go. I'm like, yo, but these guys got toilet paper. They, they got nice TV with color. Like I don't want to leave. Right? But I had to go. And so they put the clip up and I'm just seeing a hundred cap, cap cap, cap cap, cap cap. Kobe co. Kobe co goes on his Instagram.


True story. I boom. It's the craziest thing. If I tell you that I'm the guy who orchestrated bone and biggie, biggie bone and Biggie, I did it. Somebody will come co-sign when I tell you stuff that you just can't possibly believe. If I tell you that Tupac was having trouble in the New York City jail, this Tupac t by the way to me, the realest rapper ever in the history of rap music. But he had a problem and he called Fat Joe. I'm sorry it really happened. But I did not tell everybody think I tell every story. I did not tell a story. I got a story to tell. Right? So I did not tell a story.


And, and Mua from the Outsiders, one day he's getting interviewed and he is like, yo fat Joe never tells this story. But let me tell you what Tupac told me. He had problems. Fat Joe send the Puerto Ricans, they held him down. He was, You know, everything I say is backed up. So there's a girl that I promised never to say this story, right? But Him maybe like three of my friends know, right? And so when I was a kid, I was 10 years old. I'm just, I'm gonna give you a real cap, right?


I'm 10 years old, I'm in the house minding my business in the projects And I make it some food. I don't know why I don't know how to cook. So I got a machete. I hear a girl scream, I open the door and it's a girl I know from my building. She got a, she's Jehovah witness. She has a dress on. She's covering her private parts like a movie. The Apples, the oranges is on the floor, the bread. And it's a dude standing over like seven feet tall, fresh outta jail. He had a tank top. Not even a cut up shirt, cock diesel or something. I run down on a guy, I give it to him. 10 years old.


Ha. Now I know if you a coward, you don't believe this story, you don't understand it. You might have called 9 1 1, screamed. No, I gave it to him 10 years old. Just a fat little chubby kid. He runs around the corner and in my projects, both sides have stairways to go down. He wasn't from there 'cause he overran it. So now he's stuck in the corner holding his arm. You cut him with the Machete. I hit him on the other side. Huh? Oh, this guy's like, but he's a grown man. Seven feet tall. He realizes, oh this is just a fat little kid. 10 years. He jumps at me, I jump scared to death all the way back. He runs down the stairs, thank God.


But when I come back around, this girl was the most decent girl probably in my whole projects, right? And she begged me. 'cause You know, she, her family was so strict to not tell a story. So I never told a story. I was gonna tell a story in my book, but at my brother's funeral she shows up. Oh my god, I haven't seen her in 30 years. Wow. And in the middle of Richard, in the middle of the funeral, she says, Joey saved my life. He saved my life. A guy was trying to rape me. This, that Joey came out with the machete, he saved my life. Now I be like, sometimes I say stories that I think I'm capping.


No, I believe the story. I just think when you say he's seven feet tall, I'm like, okay. Oh no, this guy's cop Decent. Oh, seven tall. Alright, lemme Tell you, there's a distinctive look. If you're from the hood of a guy who just came outta jail, that always, he just came outta jail. I don't know his story, but he was fresh. First day outta jail, probably. He's, look, he's raping a girl immediately, right? So when I hear it, I'm like, I gotta stop her. I'm like, yo, rich. The story, yo, I told you, but I never told a story because she asked me not to tell a story.


I put it in my book. Book is a classic, by The way. No, no, no. I put it in my book at Shaheem Reed. And last minute I said, You know what? 'cause I haven't seen her in 30 something years, in 40 years. I said, You know what? She might be alive with a family and I'm violating. So I took it out the book. She comes in the funeral, miss Ruby Joey saved my life. I said, huh? She saw, and then the guys from my building, because You know, my whole projects was with me at the funeral, aj, Mark Lowe, thank everybody, Ronald McDonald, everybody who came out the whole hood, they're like, yo, we ain't never hear this story.


They from my building. They was like, yo, we never heard it. I was like, mache 10 years old. So Yoyo wasn't lying. Oh sir. Yeah. Was not lying. Let's not, let's not start that. Because I got a little beef in a beef with my crew. Because I said on an interview that I'll trade. Yay. Yo, explain to God. People were in their feelings, You know? What did you mean by that? Yeah, because he, because Richard is silent. Dick, every time I see you, I see him. I don't mean it, I don't mean it. It don't mean he take it back. I took it back. But You know, rich, the most loyal. But You know, I was just trying to explain loyal, how loyal, loyal is that guy is to his man.


We know you and Rich for nothing. No, I ain't trained Rich. We know you. Rich, rich, rich guy. You know, rich got all the secrets, everything. You know what I'm saying? Rich is something else. You know what I'm saying? He don't gimme credit for nothing. But You know, S You know, well the album is after this party. See, when, when we talk about Rich Play, I feel like with Jay-Z and New York, he says, I made you high OG one. Like, I'm like, yo Rich, I made you high. He's like, fuck that. I've been the man. You know, rich Know everybody and everything that goes on. Everything. Listen, what Rich is, is a legend. Not only in the streets of New York, but in Miami. He saved so many kids. Yeah. How many plays you sent to the NFL coaching?


12 now 12. I'm good in Miami because a rich player, he coached the whole hood. One day he calls me, he's like, mother, he's flipping, I'm in like Vegas at a show. He's like, I'm going to your house now. I said, what happened? He said, Ryan is throwing the party. The whole hood is in your house. The whole football team. Like, I'm like, what? Everybody's headed to your house. The whole cow city. He gets over there, they all running, jumping over to the coach, rich, they jumping over the gate, running out my house. You know what I'm saying? So Rich is really, You know, You know, you come on this earth once, right?


And it ain't, yeah, it's cool to dress, fly, have fly stuff. It's about how you help the people. And so what I love the most about Rich is that he changed these people live. They in the NFL, they still call him Coach Rich. This, this, that. Now same thing with us. We just constantly helping people. You would not believe how many people we help every day or every week, every day they got a funeral. Every day, somebody's house gets burnt down every day, this, this, this, this. And for some reason they know how to find me. You know, Joe, You know, miss such and such, she passed away. I'm not ex, I might have paid a hundred funerals, maybe even more in my hood.


And so we do this all the time. You know, Thanksgiving, we give 5,000 families groceries. We not giving them a Turkey. What's good is a Turkey. If you ain't got the mash, you ain't got the rice, you ain't got the mac and cheese, you ain't got the produce. No, we give everything, You know, shout out to Ragsdales, ShopRite, everybody Goya. And so, You know, we just constantly give back to our community. And I love Rich for that. And anybody who does that in the smallest to the biggest scale, absolutely. That's what it gets you. The less the least likes. But it is quality over quantity. But when I see that, that's what touches my heart. That's what motivates me when I see Queen of Harlem giving out toys to all them kids.


By the way, if you don't know, I know, I know what I'm saying. I see Jim Jones doing coat drives. By the way Jim, if you don't know I know. And I watch everybody A big U out in where's Big U from Compton? Compton Con watch Wa Rolling. Rolling 60. All right. We ain't got to say the gang. We just say the hood. That's the hood. Oh, that's the name of it. Yeah. Ro sixties. He's constantly giving stuff back. Anybody French, who's giving out, who's giving back to the people I'm watching. You sure. Yeah. I love it. You know, and you, and, and guess what? I ain't the only one watching you. People who think like-minded, they watching you. When we gave $2 million to the, the, the African Muslims in the Bronx, 17 of them died in the fire.


We raised $2 million homeboy from Twitter. Jack, I don't know who the hell Jack is. They hit me up. Yo Jack, Jack wants to don there. I'm like, who the hell's Jack? They're like, You know the guy who owns Twitter? He gave a big check. There's people like-minded that love when you giving back to the community. I mean, what's it about? If you ain't, so at the end of the day, if you don't get back to your hood, you don't change lives. You don't motivate people. You don't inspire people. That's right. I was at The Wasted, I was at the gumbo wedding and Mel, I don't if y'all remember this, Melba introduced me to you and she talked to me for 30 minutes about that with you guys. She was like, I don't know if You know, I know you work in media and you'll, you do the stories, but this is what you should be talking about.


And all she talked about was what you guys do and like, You know, 'cause she does a lot of stuff too. Yeah. And she was like, I, I can call him no problem. He's always around like anything I need both of them. And I was like, oh, that's like fire. 'cause you hear it in like the cliques with like the big stuff, but you don't hear it. Like the way she was telling me, I was like, oh, that's dope. Like he's really like Around, we available Joe and Rich always into their phone. We available for the community at all times. Black Brown. If you white and you Paul, we'll feed you too. We'll do whatever. We don't care. You know what I'm saying? So You know, this is a non-discrimination. We hand it out to everybody. Well, let's play something off the album so Joe can keep getting this money. So you can keep helping the community stream play.


You might as well just play the baby fat. I got you. If you, yeah, I got you. Let's do it. And you could throw the US if you could sneak another one in there. Why not? I ain't ain. Mad Fat Joe. The album comes out this Friday. Make sure you get it. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Welcome to The World of B'S Ultra Open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feed and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop B's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Partes Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength. And wow, It's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis The season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker Barian, get $50 off any cocktail maker at barian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.