
I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time, I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise, my name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now, wherever you're listening, and we will get you caught up.


Welcome to The, World of B'S ultra open earbuds, the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. B'S ultra open earbuds. Own the gift game and go to bose.com/iheart to shop the best deals.


Now You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Every American deserves the right to fair housing. And Kamala Harris is working to make that right realized by a saw. She learned firsthand how hard it is to work toward the dream of having a home. As California's attorney General Kamala Harris took on the big banks in Wall Street. And now she's looking to give first time home buyers $25,000 for a down payment This November, vote for the leader. Looking out for your home. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for President And I. Approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


Wake that ass up early in the Morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa Filling in for Jess. We got some special guests joining us this morning. We got us Representative Ro Connor from California. And we got J Moore from South Carolina. Welcome, South Carolina State Representative J Moore. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Welcome. How y'all feeling today? Great to be on. That's good to be here. You guys have gone next level in terms of your show. We've been working. We've been working. You know, it's, it's interesting, every election season, You know, we we get, we You know we we're a stop for people. So I guess that's a good thing. Great thing You know. I think it's great. I mean, I, I was on, as you may remember a couple years ago when the during the pandemic, but since then, I think You know people in the mainstream media now have figured out that they've gotta come on this show and they're listening.


That's a Great thing. So what do you guys think about the rally over the weekend in New York or Madison Square Garden? What were your thoughts? Here's the thing. You know Maya Angelo once said that words are things, and you've gotta be careful about how you use words. Now I'm a free speech person, but that doesn't mean all speech is good speech. And we teach our kids to be thoughtful about how they use words because of respect. We have had this situation in this country that if you think something is funny, that somehow that's a license to insult people. Just because something is funny doesn't mean that you can denigrate people based on their race and gender and just say, oh, okay, I was just making a joke.


I thought the vile attacks on racial groups in the context of a political rally was horrendous. And someone needs to say, yeah, okay, you can have humor, but not everything in this country can be justified just because it's funny. I just thought it was bad politics. It's like You know a week before the election, You know and, and You know you, you are gonna need Latino people. You're gonna need black people, you're gonna need Jewish people. And you just put somebody up there to insult them. It's kind of crazy. Yeah. I mean, I I I think it's just another misstep by, by the Trump campaign. And Trump himself. It was a a des don don't know. It wasn't don don't even if it know if it was desperate or not, it was just nuts.


It didn't make sense. don don't know why you would You know. With all due respect, I'm a Knicks fan. With all due respect to New York, why you would do a rally in New York anyway when it's not a battleground state? It was a political That makes sense. It was a terrible move on this part. You what's the Stop Wall Street landlord like Bro You know what's going on right now is private equity. These big companies, they're buying up single family homes and they're buying up largely in working class neighborhoods. And in by doing that, they're making the prices of these homes go up and they're making the prices of rents go up. And you are in my tax dollars or subsidizing them.


So this says, stop giving them a subsidy. You shouldn't have Wall Street firms getting tax dollars to go buy up single family homes. And by the way, they're doing them largely in black and brown communities across this country. And it's outrageous. And so what are y'all trying to stop Exactly. Stop the subsidy. So, so right now, Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae basically finance their loans if they want to get a mortgage to, to, to buy up these homes. 400, 500,000. Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae are giving them subsidized loans with your tax dollars. We're saying no subsidies, no tax dollar subsidies for them. The reason it started is after the 2008 crash, property values were totally depressed. And it made sense to say, okay, we needed some Wall Street investment to, to rebuild the, the home market.


But that was 2008. It's now 2024 and the prices are through the roof. People can't afford houses. It's one of the, the two things we could do. The biggest things to get housing more affordable. One is to stop subsidizing private equity institutional investors. The other is to build more housing. If you Stop Wall Street from doing it, how do you make it the way people from the community can actually purchase those? Not just purchase those homes, but have the equity to reinvest into those homes and You know renovate 'em? Well, that's a, a big, big question. Why home ownership is gone down. The biggest source of of, of wealth. You know home ownership is about 62% in the white community. 45% in the black community.


One, you need to build more homes so that you can bring the price down. But You know, the bottom line is you gotta have higher paying jobs. I mean, we've had jobs in this country with the working and middle class stagnate in wages. And one of the reasons I wanted to come on and Jay And I have been working on is You know I represent Silicon Valley, $12 trillion of value. Apple, Google, Intel, Nvidia. We've gotta create those high paying jobs in many other parts of America for the, you look at the bulk of wealth generation in this country over the last 40 years, a lot of it has come outta technology. And whether it's high paying manufacturing or high paying technology jobs, we've gotta actually do that in communities so people could go have a salary to buy a house.


We built, we did a summit, j And I and others in with 40 historically black colleges and universities. We got Apple there, we got Google there, we got Nvidia, we got Microsoft. They've created a program, 71% placement rate, 18 month course, 10 hours a week. You end up with a 65 to a hundred thousand dollars job in different technology skills. That doesn't even require coding. We've gotta create more opportunities for people to actually build wealth in a modern economy. That's how they're gonna be able to afford housing. What What's your thoughts on You know some people believe that these huge companies that you've named should be taxed more and some people feel like they shouldn't be taxed as much.


Give 'em the tax benefits. 'cause if not, they can take their business overseas. What are your thoughts on that? They should be taxed more. I mean, look, we're producing in my district more wealth in one zip code than anywhere that has ever been produced in the history of humanity. You can tax these people more. Some of 'em aren't even paying. The, the, some of the companies aren't even paying the full tax because they are avoiding through having some of the, their, their operations offshore. And certainly you can tax the stock buybacks that they engage in more. You can tax them once they are passing money down to their kids more to provide people with the basic things, healthcare, education, childcare.


But, but here's, and that's what Kamala Harris wants to do. But here's the thing, just taxing the wealth is not enough. Just taxing and redistribution is not enough. We've gotta figure out in this country, how are we gonna get people to actually build wealth? How are we actually gonna get people to have good paying jobs? How are we actually gonna have wealth generation opportunities? Why in The World is it that all of the wealth largely has been concentrated in a few cities? Why is it that we are fine with black people? With Latino people being users of technology? You know all of the the clips you have, they go viral, they're all over.


You wouldn't have social media if it weren't for the creators of content. But where are they in the boardrooms? Where are they in the founder as founders? Where are they adventure capitalists? I taught at Stanford. My kids used to get funding before they had an idea. You know why. 'cause they had the right email address. Just like I, I had to fight to get on this show. Char Show. You gotta know the right people. Well, a lot of people have to fight to get on venture to get in the board the room with the venture capitalists. They have no idea how to get funding. Now why am I passionate about this? 'cause when the Indian American community came here post 65, and there's a long history And I, I'll just go into it for one minute because Vice President Harris went to Howard University and it gets to this whole Trump thing with with, are you South Asian or are you black?


The reality is there's a deep tie. Mordecai Johnson from Howard University went to India. He learned about Gandhi 1949. He's speaking at Lincoln University in Pennsylvania, a young Dr. King is in the audience. And he talks about Satya GRA and the freedom movement. My grandfather spent four years in jail alongside Gandhi as part of the Indian Independence movement. King and John Lewis take those teachings. King has a Bible and the Gandhi reader with him at all times. You go to his house today, it has those two books. And it leads to not just the Civil Rights Act, it leads to the 1965 Immigration Reform Act that allows my parents to come to the United States.


Indians and others weren't allowed to come to the United States. You know who hires the, the Indian American community when we come here in terms of jobs, it's not Stanford, it's not Harvard You know who hired Nikki Haley's father and HBCU. Historically Black college, by the way, they hired all of the Jewish professors who came when they were leaving the Holocaust. It wasn't Harvard or Stanford. Now you look, today I'm, I'm a product of this Civil rights movement. I wouldn't be born in the United States. My parents wouldn't be here. What is the endowment of Stanford University where I taught $40 billion? You got a hundred HBCUs.


They've produced Dr. King. They've produced John Lewis. They've produced WV Du Bois. They've produced Thurgood Marshall. They've produced Kamala Harris. What is the endowment of all hundred of those HBCUs combined? Nowhere near Nowhere near 40 billion. I don 4 billion. Yeah. One has Stanford produced. Martin Luther King has it produced WB Du Bois? No. They got $40 billion. The HBCUs have $4 billion, one 10th, all of 'em of one university. And then they're wondering why is it that we don't have economic opportunity in this country? So my view is, yes, you gotta tax the people in Silicon Valley, but we need massive economic investment in these HBCUs in, in, in young people to give them an actual opportunity to build wealth.


But Didn't Biden Harris provide an additional additional funding of, of 17 billion for HBCUs? They did. Okay. They did. And, but it was one time it was a American rescue plan. Got you. And that's one of the things I think the vice president needs to talk more about. And she has I agree. And you You know that, that, but it was one, one time. W why can't we have ma $10 billion a year for historically black colleges and universities? You know what we do. We say, oh, you're not an R one school research one school. Well, how are you gonna be in research one school? You don't have the resources. Well, you don't have the resources. Let me ask you a question though. Right? So I I believe in you. And, I, And, I feel like, especially our community, most of our generational wealth starts from home ownership.


Right. Passed down from generations to generations. One pro one question I do have is, is sometimes when he put these laws into effect, it just doesn't affect the people they're trying to get. It affects other people. Lemme break it down, right? So for instance, my dad was a police officer. Police officer. He retired. My mother worked at a life insurance company. Didn't make a lot of money. They saved all their life. They bought their first house for $28,000. Right? Lived in that house for 46 years. So now it's worth, let's say $500,000, $600,000. When they passed, they paid taxes on that house. They paid everything that they needed to pay for the rest of their life. When they pass that house down to their child, they have to pay taxes on that. That child who gets that house has to pay taxes on that.


Again, that's behind the buck for somebody that's trying to make it. Now if this was somebody else, like let's say Donald Trump that received a million dollar loan and his family has wealth, I understand it. But how can somebody in these communities create wealth when they're getting taxed twice like somebody else? They, they don't have the same tax breaks. They don't know their same accountants. That's my only problem when I hear some of these things because I get it. Yes, people have to pay their fair share. But when you have people that come from those communities that are trying to create generational wealth for the first time, first time millionaires, first time people making $500,000, it affects and hurt them as well. Especially too, too. 'cause a lot of times in those situations, by the time it's passed down to that second or third generation, the mom, dad, grandmother may owe money that now you inherit.


And it's a lump sum. So it's not just like, oh, I gotta pay the taxes for this year. It might be like a lot of money that they just been figuring it out and now You know and now it's in your lap and you gotta figure that out. Or you don't own that house anymore. So What do you say to those people that's saying like, yeah, I, I agree, but You know my mom just sold her. She paid 28,000, I sold it for 500,000. Now they're taking 40% taxes on property that she already paid tax. How can they create generational wealth when they're starting behind the eight ball already? I hear you. I think we should have an exemption for passing down your actual house to family. Maybe exempt the first 2 million or up to three 5 million. I mean, we could figure it out. And that's not going to cost the federal government a lot of revenue.


You know what's going on right now. Because while you're taxing the, the, the guy you're talking about or or, or or daughter you're talking about where he is getting a half a million dollar house passed to them and they're having to pay tax at the same time. You got these multi-billionaires that in my district in Silicon Valley, they buy Facebook stock for a thousand bucks. That stock goes up to a hundred thousand. They pass that stock, they don't pay capital gains tax on it. Then they pass that stock down to their kids and their kids don't pay any of the appreciation. So you've got a rigged system that is hurting the working and middle class from building wealth and allowing the top 1% to continue to build without paying tax.


And the Republicans are very clever. Every time we say we want to tax that top one or 10%, they talk about all the other 80%. They said, your taxes are gonna go up. What the Democrats have to say is, no. Your working class, your middle class, you wanna build wealth, we're gonna give you an exemption. We're gonna shift the tax burden to the multimillionaires who have benefited from this system. But one more point to you, And I. Look, I'm all for home ownership. I think home ownership is, we've gotta figure out more ways to, to get the disparity not to be 62% in the white community in forties, low 40% of the black communities. But technology, here's what I fundamentally believe it, it's a generational opportunity to, to overcome the racial wealth generation gap.


One generation, the black community was excluded in the agricultural revolution with the loans from the USDA that were targeted, excluded in the manufacturing revolution. Shame on us as a country in 2024 if we exclude communities from the digital revolution. There is an opportunity in one generation to build extraordinary wealth with ai, with new technology, with new finding.


The right news podcast can feel like dating. It seems promising until you start listening. When you hit play on post reports, you'll get fascinating conversations and sometimes a little fun too. I'm Martine Powers And. I'm Ella. Hey Azadi. Martina And I are the hosts of post reports. The show comes out every weekday from the Washington Post. You can follow and listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. It'll be a match. I promise.


You could sit there and listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break.


Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to safer life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


Welcome to The World of Bose's ultra open earbuds, the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. I wanna hear what that sounds like. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come on in. Bose ultra open earbuds own the gift game and check out bose.com/iheart to shop Now.


Did You know there's no Tom at TOMS? Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with TOMS from chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges. And our iconic alpr goddess slip bonds. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started shop fall footwear essentials now at TOMS dot com


Industry. And that's what I want to try to say is why don't we get these opportunities to, to to to more of the community so they actually can build wealth. That, that you never will overcome the racial wealth generation gap just with taxation and redistribution. Unless you overcome the racial wealth generation gap, Then you And go ahead. Okay. Yeah. That, and that's one of the reasons I'm here too. The, the work that Ro And I are working on, there's a nonprofit organization based in Charleston, South Carolina called the Next IT Girl. And what it does, it works with girls from eight to 22 black girls, girls of color, introducing them to technology careers and concepts is a, is a program that we're, we're starting out in Charleston as branches in Atlanta, Georgia, in Indianapolis, Indiana.


The work that RO has been doing around connecting Silicon Valley with black and brown communities and rural communities all over the country is vitally important. We can, I mean we, we see the, the growth opportunities in technology and and we have to really invest in that. And let, lemme go back to your, your other question about home home ownership and especially when you're talking about passed down economics inheritance. One thing I also think we need to do in this, the work I've been doing in South Carolina is that we have to bring back financial literacy in our, in our schools. That's right. Especially, especially for our community. I mean, sometimes we're like first time homeowners and, and we don't really know all of the tax opportunities and loopholes and You know, not cheating on your taxes, but realizing that you may need to hire an accountant and You know for if your mama ain't had no accountant.


How do You know that, that, that that's important part of, of being an adult. So working with financial literacy in our schools is vitally important. We need to invest in that. I agree. You know, it's interesting, right? 'cause that, that's why I like the Vice President's Opportunity Economy plan because that's the type of conversations that she's having. That's, those are the type of conversations that she's been having. And it always, it bugs me out, right? Because for the longest we always thought the economy did better under Republicans. Like I don't know why that's the narrative, but that's always been the narrative. But if you look the economy all since World War ii, the economy has always done better under a Democrat president. Why isn't that messaging out there more? I wish it was, I know I've heard you say this a number of times and what pains me the most in this entire election is that we're down four or five points on the economy.


We should be up 10 points on the economy. And it's not rocket science. It's not just that You know, as Bill Clinton pointed out, there have been 50 million jobs created under the last few Democratic presidents compared to 1 million jobs compared, created by the last a few Republican presidents is just, look at the philosophy. 11 recessions, 10 of 'em have been Republican presidents. But see, but I think the, the problem too is saying, I think as Democrats, we tell the truth and Republicans don't mind being dishonest. Mm. And and, and they'll take ownership and credit for the work that we've done on a democratic administration and Congress. For example, a perfect example is Trump with the, the stimulus checks where it was, it was a They offered decisive.


Yeah. Yeah. Like it, it was the, it was the Democratic Congress, Rohan and so many others that that passed it. And all he did was sign his name on the front of it. Good marketing. I mean, Little savvy. Yeah. But you, you'll look at it, you're, let's say you're 25, 30 years old, you're thinking, okay, who's gonna help me build wealth in this country? Now what, what is Donald Trump actually, I know he's got all this BS platinum plan, but what is he actually offering? So he is gonna give you tax cuts if you've already made it. Okay, fine. You're in my district. You got a job already making millions of dollars. He's gonna cut your taxes. He's gonna deregulate. Okay. How does that help you as a 25 or 30-year-old that he's gonna cut regulations for some of these businesses?


That's, that's what he is gonna do. And maybe he is gonna put tariffs on for some of the products. So how does that help you? How does it actually help you build wealth? Now you look at the Democrats of the opportunity economy, what Kamala Harris is actually going to do. She's going to make sure that you have some shot of getting funding for your business. 'cause you don't have the connections that Donald Trump or his people have to New York or Silicon Valley to get financing. She's gonna actually make sure your business plan gets a look and gets you funding. She's gonna make sure that we're investing in you and your kids to get a credential so you can actually get a good paying job in this country. 'cause Donald Trump's not putting a dollar in actually getting you educated or getting the credential for getting that job.


She's gonna put financing to make sure that you get businesses in your community and that off the tremendous federal contracting dollars that black and brown businesses start to actually get a fair share, a fair share, not a disproportionate share, a fair share of those contracts. So I don't understand why this is even a contest. If you're just looking at it from a person of like, who's gonna help me make more money? It's obvious that Vice President Harris is, and the Democratic Party is And I. There was once a New York Times article, I said, Americans love money. We should be the party that makes the case of helping them make more money. People said, oh bro, this is too, too crass. Too crude.


I was like, no, it's not. We got a better plan. We got a better plan for people to build wealth. I think a lot of it is profiling too though. 'cause when you think wealth, you think old white men and that's the Republican party. And, I think they talk business a lot. Like they talk business Democrats tend to talk people. Well, I I think, but that's 'cause we've been, we sorry to cut you off, but it, we've been, that's how we talk in a lot of our households too. Like we always are so faith-based so much hope you rarely, like depending on what household you in, you might not ever have heard your mom talk about her account, get that money You know what I mean? Yeah. Depending on how you grew up. And and it's a, and it is a, it's a challenge. 'cause I talked to, I got a buddy of mine that I grew up with and, and, and he's like riding on the fence whether he should vote for Donald Trump or not, which is insane to me.


And, and what he's talking about is that this is the first time in his life, both him and his partner, they're both doing really well. They're, they're finally making six figures. And they have this fake narrative that somehow the Democratic party's gonna take away their, their their, they're, they're gonna pay more taxes under Democrats. And that You know that inflation hasn't actually settled under this current administration. And so I'm having these conversations like, actually look at the policy, not what you're seeing on, on Acts or what you're reading. Like You know, reading on these blogs or YouTube. And what they don't realize is that a lot of that stuff is like this disinformation is like targeting specifically young black men to like be apathetic and not vote.


Or, or, or think somebody that the Democratic party aren't supporting us. Which, which we have been, or listening You know what I mean? And listening or, or talking the language that we need to hear. How Do y'all feel with a week, with a week, a week away from election day? How do you feel? I'm, I'm hopeful. I'm optimistic. I think that You know. I, I believe the young people are gonna come out and vote for, for Harris. I think this thing is overblown in terms of just the, the, you would know more about the black vote Latino vote. I mean, I don't, A lot of the men I meet, they're voting for her black men. And a lot of Latino men are voting for her. So I think that they're, she's gonna win the, the Michigan Pennsylvania, it's gonna be close.


But I think the polls actually are underestimating her support. And You know. You made a great point about this image of why is it that we think traditionally of the Republicans as the, the business party. 'cause that's, that's all that Donald Trump's running on You know. Frankly, if he had never had apprentice, he never would've been president. Hate's not enough to become president. I mean, the Madison Square Garden stuff wasn't enough. It's 'cause he had 14 years in people's living rooms as being this business guy. And the Trump sign, And I think we've gotta be, look, all the new wealth, the, the technology, the innovation, all of that's not being created by the, the the old class. It's a whole new generation.


It's a whole new group of entrepreneurs. I consider you guys entrepreneurs. That's the new wealth. That's the new innovation. And I fundamentally believe that's when, when Kamala Harris says she's for the future, that's what she represents. And I think that's the image that's gonna prevail. And I. I think it's gonna come down to, maybe I'm biased, I'm from South Carolina, but I think if we win North Carolina and we win Georgia, we win And I. I've had the pleasure of traveling. I just got back from Nevada. I mean, I feel cautiously optimistic and everywhere I'm going, I mean I'm in the Uber and people, there's as much, the more Donald Trump talks and does crazy stuff like he did here in New York.


The, the better Kamala Harris has. I mean, I think I feel good about it. I'm cautiously Optimistic about it. It's just interesting to me that You know with all of the things Trump has done, don don't even need to run down his a whole resume. But when I just look at two impeachments, 88 criminal charges, 34, he was convicted of, to me that alone should be disqualified. Like why isn't there anything that legally that prevents him from even being on the ballot? And I know they got the, the, the, what was it? The, the, the section three of the 14th Amendment. Yeah. Yeah. But Supreme Court shot that down. Well, You know lift up the Congress, The, the people who let him off the hook.


Where Mitch McConnell and Yeah, Kevin McCarthy. I remember talking to Kevin McCarthy after we impeached Donald Trump in the house. And I said, and, and Kevin McCarthy and Mitch McConnell are talking about how terrible it was, what he did on January 6th. And I said, well, this is the reason we've gotta convict him in the Senate. And I said, ah, Donald Trump's done. He's not coming back. His numbers were at 30% in the polls. Wow. They didn't think he would ever come back. Wow. And they, they let the guy off the hook in terms of if they had convicted him back then he wouldn't have been able to run. And it was the biggest error. And I, I blamed the Senate for not having the, the guts back then to, to convict him.


But the this point in the media, which which I've heard you make a number of times, is that absolutely right. I mean, no one, they're asking Kamala Harris every detail of every plan and fine. But no one is pointing out the, the fundamental point of the, the, the convictions and the illegality and the total shocking nature of Trump's candidacy. I I wanna ask you about the section three of the 14th amendment. 'cause the Supreme Court You know, they, they say it's, it's not up to the state when the state are trying to take him off the ballot. It's not up to the states. It's up to Congress. Congress would've never done that because it was a Republican led Congress at the time. Right. It was a Republican led Congress at the time. And the Senate would never have done it.


And the Senate was not even willing to convict them. Wow. Of, of the actual charges. And they all thought, by the way, McConnell, you asked them, I'm sure it'll come out when their, their biographies, they all thought that what Trump did was an impeachable offense and convict them. But they said, why, why should we upset 30% of our base? 'cause his numbers were down at 30%. You know, why should we upset 30% of our base when the guy's gonna go away anyway? And we're gonna have a new generation. Nikki Haley, Ron by you remember Ron DeSantis was their big thing. They all thought Ron DeSantis was gonna win. Yeah. They, they had written Trump off. They thought Trump would go away quietly. And that's why they didn't wanna put their necks out to upset 30% of that base.


And now they're, well, why Did they think that? 'cause he never really went away. Like he, like Trump has always just been around and doing things and saying things like he never really went away. I think it was naivete. I mean, they looked at the poll numbers back then. Today trump's at 45, 40 6% back then. You look at the poll numbers, right after January 6th, he was down at 30, 32, 30 3%. But the fact that you would even have the power to make a January 6th happen, you have to know what you're dealing with. Like he had, there's power in numbers of people. And just by words, he did that. So why would you think that he's just gonna disappear and like take a nap while we fix The World? I I think that's been the miscalculation of all of us over the past almost 10 years dealing with Donald Trump.


You Don that you thought he was gonna go Away. No, no, no. I I think we, I think we all just, we were all surprised that he even he became president. Yeah. And I think we, we, we, we too often have taken him too lightly because he is a buffoon and we, there's no way, there's no way they're going to nominate him again. He just lost. That's So crazy. Because Charlemagne And I was at Hillary Clinton's celebration party. I knew I like Right. We were there. I Knew that. I Didn't, I never happened. But we were there. My kids were there, my family was there. And That's why I'm scared to go next week. Stay home. Might be bad luck. Stay home. Yeah. No, for real. Seriously. Charlamagne, please Stay home. Home dressed up in everything. Stay Home. I think the, I think the biggest problem is that no, nobody treats Trump like the actual threat that he is the D the DJ didn't treat him like that.


The media doesn't treat him like that. Voters don't treat him like that. And so it's just like, yeah, if there's no consequences to your actions, what do you, what are we supposed to do? And I think we also take for granted the segment of the population that he inspires and, and I'm You know good people and all that. But it's, it's, it's something about that sec that that that 35% that you're talking about, they're not going anywhere. Mm. And if you have that kind of base, especially going into a primary, you are, I mean, you are well positioned. And then so many other people, my colleagues even at the State House in South Carolina, just all keep falling in line because they're so worried about their own political futures and not about the country.


And And, I think all of us over, over these next, what it's seven, eight days left. We need to be aware of that. And we, like no one can sit home. I'm telling all the brothers out there now that can hear me, don't have a non vote protest vote against the Democratic party. This, we can't afford to do that this time. And we just cannot afford to do it. And after this election, whatever grievance you had, if you voted just You know You know and fill whatever, just take it up with the elected officials and hold us accountable once we get elected. Elect Kamala Harris on November the fifth, and then hold all of us accountable as elected Democrats. I mean that's my really, my call for the brothers out there that can hear me.


And the media is scary. I mean, look at all these people, these billionaires were owning the newspapers, Washington polls. Yeah. Suddenly they're saying that, well, we may not wanna endorse 'cause Trump may win. Now what is that vote in terms of the media actually standing up to him if he wins? This is the classic tactic of authoritarian leaders. That's right. That they intimidate any dissent. And it's not that people often wonder, well, how do they get to power? It's not that people suddenly all start rallying around them. It's that they get enough of a base rallying around them and they put enough fear in everyone else to say, okay, we're gonna, as long as they don't come after us, we don't want to get in the way.


That's Right. That's right. Go out and vote. And we appreciate you guys for joining us this morning. Really do. Thank you. Y'all Got, you got an election coming up too, right? Oh yeah. November the fifth. I'm on the ballot too, guys. Jay Moore, state representative In South Carolina. South Carolina. And of course Representative Ro Khanna. Thank you guys. Your daughter. I, I do too. In California. And we gotta win. Not just my seat. We gotta win four, four Democratic House seats outta California to take back the majority so we can have Hakeem Jeffries as speaker of the house. Alright, That's right. Well it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In The morning. The Breakfast Club.


I don't know if You know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas, let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli mix crispy quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/mark glasses.


Hey, it's me, Tyler Bs Open. Airbus are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out bs.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.