
I'm a good lawyer. And. I Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for Her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose His series.


Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster Starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm Not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear up for outdoor adventures. With the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo.


Hey, I'm Christina Quinn, the host of Try This from the Washington Post. Each try. This audio course gets you closer to solving some of the biggest everyday challenges we face as humans. Things like how to sleep better, how to have more meaningful relationships, and how to enjoy cooking more. We're releasing new courses all the time where you can learn to be a better functioning human without the time commitment. Find our collection of courses by searching. Try this wherever you listen to podcasts.


Are you spending a fortune while shopping on Amazon? What if I said you could earn cash back while you shop? Introducing, drop the Ultimate Rewards app, whether it's fashion, electronics, or groceries. You can earn free gift cards just by shopping online or in store at tons of your favorite brands. Download the Drop app now and start earning while you shop. Plus, for a limited time use code. Drop one one to get $5 in points instantly.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single CHASSEN featuring Megan Trainor out today. You, I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chassen from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne. Tha God. Lauren LaRosa Envy is on his way back from the Human in Harmony weekend in Shreveport. Just hilarious is on maternity leave. But we got a special guest here, but Vic Ramaswamy, it's good to be back, man. Listen, I like when, I guess we can call you a politician now, right? I'm ex politician. I was about like 10 months, 11 months. But you Might run again. You equate right at some point, right? I, I was, I dropped out after I You know. I, I believe in trying to win, but when your moment isn't there, then You know what you move on to the next thing. I like When people come, when it's not for any particular reason. Right? Yeah. Because a lot of times people come just 'cause they're trying to sell you things, whatever, whatever.


So I like to just see y'all up here kicking it. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I'm back in You know I'm an entrepreneur by background. The year in politics is interesting. You learn a lot. I'm still reflecting on it, but I guess you could call me a politician for 11 months And listen whether I agree with the things you talk about or not. I gotta give props and prophets to do great speech at the RNC. Thank You. I appreciate that. Great Speech. I appreciate that. Once you get the people with the call and response, were they finishing your sentences? Yeah. That's when You know you got something. We, we tried to, tried to be as effective as I could there. The, the part of that speech that I wish I had incorporated more into my actual campaign was when I tried to talk through the speech through the camera to people at home who traditionally aren't viewed as part of the Republican base.


And I think that that's something that we should all probably do a better job of. Especially as a young person, right? So part of my speech was talking to millennials, talking to Gen Z. I actually think a lot of millennials, so I'm 38, I'm a millennial, are pretty jaded and disaffected with policies that Republicans enacted, right? The Iraq war. Well, You know what, it was a failure. We gotta admit that. Brought to you by the Republican Party of 2004, the 2008 financial crisis, as well as the bailouts, the bank bailouts, which by the way I was against before. We gotta remind people to say You know what? Both parties, including the Republican party, have been responsible for some of those policy failures. But you still can't be jaded about your country and to Gen Z.


My message is, you'll be the generation that actually saves the country. You don't have to bend the need to anybody's orthodoxy. Not a Republican orthodoxy, not a democratic orthodoxy. Think independently for yourself. And so anyway, I think that that was hopefully a productive message and a starting point to say we don't have to shackle ourselves through these partisan lenses. I Agree with that. But why do y'all continue to bend the need of MAGA in? Well what is maga? Right? We could talk about that. I think that there are many flavors of MAGA and the idea of making, here's where I, here's my flavor of it. Okay? I'm not somebody who tries to harken back to a past and say, oh, I wanna go back to the America that I grew up in or the America that I know because You represent the future.


I wanna make Americat what America should be and could be. I wanna make America greater than it has ever been before. Yes. So I don't just wanna make America great again. I wanna make America greater than ever. And that's what our country has always been founded on. Which recognized, which involves recognizing that we're imperfect because we're human beings. We always fall short of our ideals. We wouldn't be human beings if we'd be a nation of You. know, I know you Charlemagne the God, but we'd be a nation of gods if we did not, if we did not fall short of our ideals. But we're not a nation of gods. We're a nation of human beings. And so we're imperfect, but we aspire towards excellence. We aspire towards a better nation. And so to me, I think that's an ambitious, hopefully unifying version of AMGA message that I do believe in.


And I think people are hungry for And. I. Don't think there's anything wrong with that message Because it feels like at the top of the ticket, You know the Donald Trump's. And even now as Vice President JD Vance, they're always trying to take us back. That's why I do like the vice president slogan. We we're not going back. 'cause it feels like, Yeah, look, I will say that when it comes to messaging, that was a pretty smart message. People are interested in the future. What I think is missing right now in the race, it frankly from both sides is a hard discussion on policy. That's actually what we need. We're less than three months out. You don't think Congress Was doing a lot better at that then? What we were seeing before from Biden? I don't think she has yet given us what her clear policy positions are.


I think the fact of the matter is the economic policy. I was just on CNBC this morning before I came here. They're asking me what do you think of her economic policy? She has not articulated what her economic policies are. Well, She wants to rebuild the middle class. She wants to make sure everybody has the, But I'll give you specific policies, some examples, right? Specific policies. She sued the Obama administration when she was California's attorney general for granting fracking permits that's getting natural gas outta the ground through getting hydraulic fracturing of natural gas. Is she in favor of that now or not? Her advisors are saying she's no longer in favor of that. We don't know. Does she favor extending the Trump tax cuts? The Trump tax cuts I think helped a lot of people. Middle class included. We just don't know whether she's in favor of that or not. And, I think Republicans, by the way, are making a mistake too.


I don't think that going down the road of, I think both sides calling the other side weird. I don't think that's productive. Now, Republican response is a personal attacks and response. I think we would be better served in this election as Americans if for the next three months we have a vigorous debate on policy. Which policies are better Gonna lift up Americans. Yeah, I don't think I, and we're not doing it yet. The reason I Don't like the, I'm not gonna say I dislike the term weird. I just think it undersells a lot of the damage that Republicans are doing to this country. Just labeling it weird. But I Think there's speaking, I think it's not useful. I I think you wanna go after the policies go hard in the paint. I believe politics should be about sharp elbows when it comes to policy debates.


But when it comes to just saying that, oh, you're not normal, normal compared to what? Right. Well I think abolishing women's reproductive rights You know is, is is a little bit more than weird I think. But, but Here's, here's where we should have the policy debate in that. 'cause this is so interesting coming outta the Republican convention, Donald Trump to the ire of a lot of Republicans is opposed to a national ban on abortion. So am I by the way, And I said so in the Republican debate stage, I was in the minority last year. When I say that I am opposed to a federal ban on abortion, just on constitutional principle should at least leave it to the states that made a lot of conservatives and a lot of Republicans upset. And yet it's a weird position to now adopt.


Where If, you do listen to a lot of the Kamala Harris campaign. They say he will sign and enact a federal ban on abortion. That's actually just not true. Because like it or not, he actually takes heat from many in the conservative camp for his opposition to that ban. So Why abolish Roe v, Roe v Wade, why say things like, well that the Supreme Court decision, why say things like, you want to get rid of a abortion, abortion pills. I mean you say it's a Supreme Court decision, but he takes the credit for it. He says, I'm the reason that this happened. Well Look, I think that there's a legal and constitutional question of whether the federal government should be involved in any of this in the first place. I Freedom. I tend to come from a pretty, I tend to come from a pretty libertarian leaning school of thought. I want the federal government to be doing basically as little as is required to make sure the country is secure and people are allowed to live their own lives.


I think Republicans can own a message even of You know what to the LGBT community, the gay community. You're free to marry who you want, If you want without the government standing in your way. But that also doesn't mean that men get to compete with women in women's sports. I agree. Something that's even relevant coming out of the Olympics. I agree. So the more we're focused on that type of policy debate, and here's a litmus test I'd give you that both Sides. That wasn't a woman though. We gotta be. I mean that was a woman, The boxer. That's a more complicated case. Intersex XY chromosome though, right? Yeah, but I'm talking about actually people who have male sex organs, people who have XY chromosomes that are competing in women's swimming competitions. I agree. Right? Those are debates we ought to be able to have. And the litmus test for both sides is this, whether you support Donald Trump or Kamala Harris, can you make the case for your candidate without actually referencing the other side?


So my challenge actually to a lot of the Kamala Harris supporters is the most of the case that I hear involve invoking Donald Trump. What is the case for Kamala Harris that does not involve referencing Donald Trump at all? I think that's missing right now. I got it. I got that. And for Republicans, I'd give you similar advice too. What do we stand for? Not just what are we against? What do we actually stand for? Offer that vision. And I. Think the country will be better off if both sides step up and do that. I I, I agree with you. I think both parties need to be talking about nothing but the issues at this point. Yep. Because people are out here hurting and people wanna know how you're gonna put money in their pocket. Yep. And how you gonna keep them safe? Yep. Whoever can speak to those things to the next 80 plus days, that's who wins this election Mass. Illegal immigration, economic growth.


Yep. And staying at a World War iii, who has the better vision to do each of those things? Do both parties agree on that? First of all, that's an open question. Where do we stand on mass illegal immigration? We don't really know what the democratic position is. But assuming we agree on mass illegal immigration is a bad thing. Economic stagnation is a bad thing. And World War II is a bad thing. How do we solve those three problems? Whichever party offers the better solutions deserves to be elected. And that's the way I'm voting in the election as well. But I, I think we have days And I think like when you use a term like weird there speak, like you talked about like in your, when you first began everything you wish you spoke to like the up and coming, like the people who are going to be next at solving some of these issues. Yeah. When you get on TikTok and when you get on Twitter, which a lot of people are getting their information from and are being swayed and conversations are being swayed, even media swayed by that, those are the terms that they're using.


It's easy. It's digestible. And, I think that, I think that it's a generational thing where you have to take what you guys are talking about and then partner with that weird And I think that's where you're gonna get your winner from. Either way. And I. I don't think that it's Donald Trump, but I think that it makes sense what she's doing. And I think that she will hopefully get to those hard things. You know because, but she has to win the people over. She had to woo us first and we're here. I think now is the past has passed. I mean I think a lot of people have issues with how she was selected. I personally think going through that process, people don't care about that. Right. Whether or not there was a coup staged on Biden, I've said this publicly to the Republicans don't focus on that 'cause it's up to the Democrats to decide who they nominate. Right. They've made that decision. But she's also the vice president. Focus on actual policy.


And I have some, I have some serious differences with her on Policy Well's, the vice president, if a president's not fit to You know lead anymore, she's the natural person to take oath. Yeah, There, there is. There's a real question around that too is who's leading the country right now? We still have a country that's functioning between now and the election. And this is a question that the media has been surprisingly uncurious about. Like in a very serious sense, not in some sort of philosophical sense who's actually running the country right now. It is entirely unclear what the answer to that question is. And just speaking as an American put the election to one side, I think that ought to be deeply concerning too. We've got a president who, in some ways it reminds me of the British monarchy a little bit, right? You, you used to have a British monarch who actually ran the country and at a certain point it just became a ceremonial figure.


All the pomp and circumstance that you hold up as a figure, but really just ends up becoming a figurehead, an aged king that might or might not suffer from dementia. That's effectively what the United States has become. Which is part of why we see the level of weakness on the global stage. Why we see the loss of self-confidence in this country for a country that you just have the pageantry of a monarch that isn't actually the functioning leader of the country. That too, I think is a pretty big problem. And Kamala Harris I think has an opportunity here. Whether she seizes or not is a different question. If she steps up and is actually authentic about that question says You know what? We weren't particularly honest about where President Joe Biden was.


And we deserve a government where the people in charge just tell you the truth and say it like it is. You might like it, you might not like it. But I'm gonna tell you what my beliefs are. And I don't want a bunch of lobbyists and bureaucrats around me wielding me as a pawn. And so here are my actual beliefs. And You know what, I might have said this back in 2018 or 2019, but I changed my mind. I'm not gonna pretend like I didn't say it. I changed my mind. Here's why I'm in a different place on Fran fracking. Or here's why I don't favor nationalizing the healthcare system anymore. 'cause these are things she said in the past. It looks like she's You know her advisors are trying to say that she didn't support that anymore. I think take the opposite approach. Just be totally upfront and say, You know what, here's what I believe, then here's what I believe. Now here's why I changed my mind. I'm not gonna be anybody's puppet.


I report to you the people of the country. I'm different than Joe Biden. 'cause he was wielded as a puppet. I think that'd be bold. She can't do that. And well, I think, I think a lot of, the lot of the next generation, They're all puppets shade. So, so, so mostly actually Trump is a puppet for most, well, You know what's interesting about him. He plays The role of You know being this maverick who's draining the swamp. But he's a Puppet. So I'll certainly give you the 2016 view because get credit where a credit st and he Might be a puppet for foreign interference. That's the problem. I think that that's For Russia and China. So, So I think that the whole Russia hoax international vote, that that thing's played itself out and that actually ended up being a, a little bit of mythology. But back in 2016, here's one of the things I like about Donald Trump. Say what you will in the Republican Party. It was complete orthodoxy to support the Iraq war.


To say that that was a good thing. That was where the Republican party was in 2015 and he was the only person on that debate stage that said, this is idiotic. That we invaded the country. That had nothing to do with nine 11 in the name of nine 11. That that was idiotic. And now it's the Republican party position, at least most people to accept that that was actually a bad idea. So If you, if you're able to go into a room full, say it's a political party and tell them something that's different than what the majority of the people in that room believe, and then eventually they change their mind. That's a real mark of accomplishment. Now I think Kamala Harris has an opportunity now because the opportunity she has is she didn't have to go through a primary going through a primary's.


Interesting. Because it forces you to actually bend the need to, let's say the far whatever wing of your own party and take criticism. Unless you do, she doesn't have to do that. So she has an opportunity now to take advantage of that and say, I'm starting with a clean slate and I'm actually just changing the game for the system. I, I don't see her doing that yet. Maybe you're saying she can't do that. I don't know why she can't do that. If she's the actual president, she has an opportunity to step up and lead. But You know what, just speaking as an American, I'm not voting for Kamala Harris. I'm gonna vote for Trump on policy. But if she came out and said, You know what? Here's my stance on cryptocurrency. Okay, Donald Trump came out with the Bitcoin policy. Here's my policy, here's my position on ai, here's my position on the border. You know what, I was the vice president, but Joe Biden did some things that I disagree with.


Here's how I would do it differently. I would at least respect her for that. If she doesn't do that, that tells me actually it's not that she's some sort of ideologue or some communist or whatever. Some people level that critique. I don't think that's the real critique. I think the real critique is then you just become another cog in the system. And what I'm interested in, I'm interested in breaking that system. And I want the people we elect to run the government to be the ones who actually run the government. Whether I agree with you or not, at least the person who is elected should actually be running the show. And I just don't believe that's the case in the United States today. Is that possible to do when you have these politicians who take all of this money on both sides? No, that's a good question. Good point. I'm, I'm pretty much, that's Why I said she can't do, she's raising all this money.


But Democrats are Republicans can't do it. Yeah. Like if you're taking all this money from lobbyists, how can you ever do that? Or, Or from, from super Pac what, what I call the super Pac industrial complex. So the thing is actually back in 2010, the Democrats used to be dead set against the rise of Super pacs. So remember the corporations are not people debate. That was around a case called Citizens United. What they effectively said is, okay, If, you can't beat 'em. Join them. So now you have the amount of super PAC money flowing in to support Democrats actually is greater than that using to support Republicans. But they're saying, Hey, if we got the money flowing in, then we're not gonna You know If. you can't beat the game. Play the game. And I think both parties are worse off for it because the people who really determine the politician's stances aren't really the people of the country.


It's the people who effectively fund the mother's milk of American politics. And, I think that's bad for Democrats and Republicans in the United States of America. Like so I would favor a policy. I think Donald Trump or Kamala Harris would do well to come out with this to say, if you've worked in the government, you're banned from lobbying the government for at least 10 years after you leave. Neither, neither a candidate has adopted that position. I think it's a winning position. We Might get a little more honesty then. I think you might get a little, that's a risk. That's to some people view that as a risk. I view that as an opportunity. But yes, I think you'd get a lot more honesty. I don't think a small one. I mean, I don't think congressman should be trading individual stocks or agree bureaucrats should be trading individual stocks while they're Inside trading because they're probably, they're probably getting cases.


How does it benefit the public? Yeah, yeah. A question, does it serve the interest of the public? I fail to see how absent that argument ban lobbying for 10 years after you leave office ban the trading of individual stocks. If you're a government bureaucrat regulating an industry, see names Vic, You probably shouldn't be able to join that industry for at Least say names. Why you don't wanna say Nancy Pelosi? Well, I mean You know because I don't like saying the things everybody's always, Nancy Pelosi's of course guilty of this. But I'm a, I'm a Republican. It's easy to just pick on Nancy Pelosi on a given day. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. I hate saying things that other piling on when other people are piling on. But yes, it's true. That includes Nancy Pelosi, probably includes some Republicans too. But I think these are major changes that would have a lot of popular support. But people aren't able to say if your mother's milk of politics is effectively what keeps the, the system functioning is the green pieces of paper that captured the system.


So I I, I think that's not a Republican message or Democrat message. It used to be a Democrat message, but it's not a Democrat message anymore. And one of the things that at least was cool about Donald Trump when he came around in 2016 is he actually was in 2016 on the debate stage, the only person who said he would actually favor ending Super pacs, which I like. And that's something that I think could be a winning message for either side if they're willing to take it up today. You think it's wise to go after the Vice President's race or question Tim Wall's military background when you're trying to attract independence in moderates. So there's two different issues, two different issues. And let me sort of say what I think would be the wise side of each and what's not the wise side of each going after Kamala Harris for being a, or telling audiences what they want to hear, I think is a good line of attack because we don't know what her policies are.


So she said a few years ago, she's against fracking now. She says she's not against fracking. A few years ago she said she wanted to have a single payer healthcare system and a nationalized US healthcare system and abolish private health insurance. She raised her hand when they said, do you favor abolishing private health insurance on the debate stage she raised her hand. Now her advisors are saying, she won't say, but her advisors are saying she no longer believes that. So I think it's an interesting line of attack to say, are you you just gonna tell people what they wanna hear? Or are you gonna tell your people what you actually believe about yourself and who you are? That I think is an interesting line of attack. And that could include some cultural elements going after her for her, what her racial identity is or isn't. I don't think that's a good line of attack. But the idea that, are you somebody who's gonna tell people your actual beliefs or you're just gonna tell whichever audience is in front of you?


What they want to hear that I think is valid. Tim Waltz going after him for any part of his military service to say that, oh, you didn't carry a big enough gun on the front line of fire and therefore you didn't serve the country. That's not a good line of attack. But I think an interesting and worthy line of attack is saying that, did you lie about it? Right? And you don't have, there's no obligation in this country to serve in the military. It's honorable If. you do. But if you're going to say that you served in a war that you weren't in that, then that goes back to the question of honesty. But doesn't that, to draw those distinctions, doesn't That deflect from what Tim Wall, the issue that he's actually bought up, which is there shouldn't be any military style assault weapons on the streets in the hands of civilians. Because that's what really what he was talking about to me.


When you start bringing up, well he, I I think, I think there's a few different things going on in the Tim Wall situation. There is evidence in interviews and otherwise that he suggested he served in Afghanistan when he didn't. And that he actually did know before that he was going to be called to Iraq before he decided to actually go run for Congress. I'm not in the business of questioning his service at all. But when you're asking the question, and you haven't heard me talk about this general topic in the media at all myself. But if you're asking me, is it fair game for Republicans to go after him for lying to the public? Yes. Is it smart or a good idea to go after him for military service? No, but I think that for lying to the public, for somebody who's gonna be vice president of the United States, that is I think a worthy line of The fact. But it's still deflecting from the issue of gun Violence.


It and then, well my, my whole thing is let's focus this on policy. Let's, let's have a debate on the merits of policy and where you land. Now Tim Waltz, it's interesting as a governor, you may or may not agree with the policies, but he is a governor who has increased the tax burden in Minnesota. He favors higher capital gains taxes for people who live in Minnesota. It's one of the highest tax states in the country. It's not California or New York. It's a Midwestern state. Got by far the highest tax burden of anywhere in the Midwest. He is somebody who believes in a lot of the restrictions on fossil fuels. I don't know where you all are on that issue. I'm dead set against much of the climate change agenda because I think it leaves Americans of every political persuasion worse off. Tim Walls as a governor has been most one of the most aggressive.


Some people might like it, people like me don't. But he's been one of the most aggressive on implementing climate change policies, even at the state level. So those are legitimate lines of attack.


The Summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio, new music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability. At k qrl.com/studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Have you made the switch to Nicks? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles, from bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try K Nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's nix.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life-changing period underwear. That's KNI x.com.


Life is happening around us. So many things to do. Places to go. If, you switch off, you're out of it. But If you switch on, you're part of it. Subscribe to the Washington Post today at Washington post.com/iheart. Switch on the Washington Post


Is getting gas at shell burning a hole in your wallet. Get the drop app with drop. You can earn free gift cards just by filling up your tank. Download drop now. Use code drop eight eight to instantly receive $5 in points


that I think we're not going hard enough on as Republicans 'cause we're focused on other issues. Go ahead. Go ahead Laura. I was gonna say well, well back to Kamala. Do you think that, 'cause you said like you can't get to her hard policy, but everybody's having so much conversation about her race and what she said versus what she didn't say and like I think This actually helps Kamala to be clear. So No it does help her. Even if about from a strategist perspective, from a Republican standpoint, she gives us a lot to focus on by way of policy criticism. We're actually missing that opportunity right now. So I'd like to see that change in the next three months. And I think the country would be better off for it. I also don't favor, I said this even when Joe Biden was running for president. So there's a pledge that the Republican party required you to sign to be on the debate stage last year.


So I did the Republican primary debate, it was called the Beat Biden pledge. I said this is a nonsensical idea for two reasons. Okay? One is I don't think we're gonna be running against Biden. Turns out that ends up being the case. Yep. But the second reason is we're not gonna succeed for the country or at the ballot box by just railing against the Radical Biden agenda. We have to stand for our own vision for the country. What do we actually stand for? Not just what are we against. And so if we make that same mistake with respect to Kamala Harris, I don't think we're running against an individual candidate. I think we're running against a machine. And what I'd like to see as our vision is we wanna go in and dismantle that machine.


That's what draining the swamp was actually about. That's what you had that dragon energy in 2016. And I. Think there's nonpartisan bipartisan interest in saying that You know what we do live in a country where a bureaucracy crushes the will of the citizens go in and break that system. That's a powerful And, I, think unifying message. I And, I'm not a big fan of going after just one individual candidate. 'cause it misses the point of what we're up against. For Kamala Harris's part though, I think she owes the people of this country an answer. Where does she stand on nationalizing healthcare? Are you for it or are you against it? Where do you stand? This is a big one that people don't talk about, affects small business owners, including black and white business owners across the country.


She favors what's called an A tax on unrealized capital gains. What that means is even If, you have a business You know you're a businessman too, right? So you're operating a business. But take somebody who's maybe in a tougher position than you are. That means you have to pay taxes even when you don't have the cash to pay those taxes. 'cause the government says that it's worth something. And you have to pay 25% of that value every year. Well what If? you don't have the cash in your pocket that forces you to either sell your business, take out a loan to pay taxes. That's a formula for real economic calamity. She has consistently supported that. That's what we need to be talking about. Are you still in favor of it? If so, why? Let's have that policy debate. Right? And I think that hiding from those issues is something that leaves American people holding the bag.


She'll Get to that I'm sure when the debates come and everything else. We'll have three months When she does interviews. I, I agree with that. I wanna ask you think about the flip-flopping too. Isn't that what politicians do though? And what I mean by that is JD Vance was calling Trump America's Hitler. Right? But now he's, when it comes to Trump, he's the Hawk Tour girl. I was like, he's just You know. He's sucking him off every chance he gets. And and that's what, that's what a lot of y'all do. Like just politicians in general. You hear so many different Republicans have said so many negative things about Donald Trump. But then soon as he becomes nominee, everybody just falls in line. And normally they fall in line in unison and, and, and you can raise against rage against the machine. It doesn't feel like Trump and Vance or like it's not there. Like So what do you call that? Is that flip flopper? So here's What I will say is, is it fair game to press JD Vance?


Hard on why he said certain things about Donald Trump before versus what his view is on Donald Trump today? Yes. I think that's fair game. And has he been pressed and has he answered for that? Yes he has. What I would love to see is both candidates and Kamala Harris hasn't done this yet. I'd love to challenge her to do it. 'cause I think it's good for the voters of the country. She hasn't sat down for one media interview of a hard pressing one-on-one variety yet. And she's actually the leading candidate now in many of the polls for us president. So I just think we deserve a country where the people are willing to show up. She show up here, she show up on on CNBC where I was this morning and actually engage in hard questions about what her beliefs are. You saw JD say what you will on three Shows watch day Yesterday, yesterday, pressed on exactly that very issue.


Yeah. And I think that's good for the American people to then be able to make their own judgment. It's not your judgment or or the journalist's judgment, but it's what people at home are able to see, to assess. Do I actually believe somebody who believes they changed their mind over the course of time. Kam Harris might have changed their mind. And I think it's okay. Flip-flopping is one thing. Changing your mind thoughtfully is another. But you deserve to be questioned on it. And it's up to the voters to decide whether or not they believe you. Right now we're not getting that chance. And I. I do think it is You know you're saying. Well we get, hopefully we're gonna see that. I'm not, I'm not sure yet that we will. It's been about a solid month that Kamala Harris has been the presumptive nominee. We got the convention coming up. What? This coming week? Next week.


I think it is vital for the health of this country that the same treatment that the media gave Joe Biden in that last few weeks after his debate. They didn't do that for three years. Yeah, for three years. We missed that. The fact that it took that early debate and Donald Trump demolishing him in that debate for the country to suddenly wake up and say that Joe Biden is not a functioning US president is actually a damning indictment of the entire media and its relationship to the political class. So we can't make that same mistake with Kamala Harris. I think the media needs to demand that she at least face the same kind of questioning that frankly JD Vance and Donald Trump are getting right now. And then the public is, it's up to them to decide that's that's a functioning democracy.


Sure. But again, 'cause you're not implying by her And I doing the interviews and based off the way that Biden was treated in those last couple weeks, you're not implying that you don't think she's competent to be the president of the United States. Right. I'm saying the media's covering for her right now the same way they covered for Biden for three years. You Think they're covering or you think that she's just using her, They're not playing hard. They're not paying the she's, she's using a strategy. Okay. I think she's using some smart, Which politicians do. That's fine. But I think it's the media's job now to cut through that strategy and say this person very well could be the president of the United States has at least a 50% chance right now according to most forecasts of being the next president. She deserves to be questioned, not with kid gloves, but questioned with the gloves off on what exactly her policy vision is for the country.


Until that happens, I think the voters are hiding in the dark. And that's what allows the machine to work. 'cause we know she's, she, she's questioned a lot on that behind closed doors. Who's funding the campaigns of both parties. You know behind closed doors. A lot of donors ask a lot of questions. That's how you raise hundreds of millions of dollars in just one month. The voting public deserves that same level of transparency. And one of the things I will you say what you will about You know, you could criticize either side. I like that Donald Trump showed up at the Libertarian party convention. Right. That's a third party at a convention. I actually spoke there. He spoke there as well the next night. I like that he spoke to the National Association of Black Journalists in Chicago. I'd love for Kamala Harris to show up at the National Association of Black Journalists and face what she wanted To.


But they wouldn't let her do the virtual thing. You she does have a day job, But, but the day job still vice president. No, but the day job is running. Come on. At this point she is going full-time running, reading off a teleprompter at the rallies the same thing four times a day. She should show up for that interview if Donald Trump sits, sits down with the National Association of Black Journalists. I'm sorry, a scheduling excuse is not a valid reason to, for the, for the co. But Don't we know what competitor Also show up? But if, if Kamala not to cut you off. I'm sorry. If Kamala sit down with NABJ, we know where she's going conversation wise. Right? I think it's honestly, I I don't necesssarily true. I don't think that's true. I think that, I think the person who did that interview for Donald Trump, if they had taken the same approach with respect to Kamala Harris, I think that'd actually be pretty good conversation for the country.


I don't If you would. I don't think I wanna on, I wanna see the vice P on Fox News. I think she should Go across the room even better. Yeah, Even better. Right. So one of the things I liked, I mean Donald Trump went to the Bronx. People could say it wasn't the real Bronx or whatever, but he showed up in the Bronx. He showed up in the South Bronx, showed up in inner cities in the country. Even in my own campaign. I went to the south side of Chicago, went to a room full of what? 95% black, 95% Democrat. It's not a traditional Republican primary location. I went to Kensington in the inner city of Philadelphia. Speaking as a former candidate myself. I could tell you those trips had an impact on me. Right? It had an impact on my view of a national unity that I believe is possible in this country that I wouldn't have had if I hadn't showed up there.


I'd love to see Kamala Harris go to rural Mississippi, going to Alabama, going to showing up at a Fox News moderated town hall. Well She does do that now. We can't act like she doesn't do that. I mean even even the past week she hit all of the battleground states and she's actually hitting the street. Which I think, which I think in a lot of ways is more effective right now than sitting down doing an interview With hostile questioning though is not, I, I wanna see her answer questions from people who disagree with her. That's what the country's founded on. Alright, so face, face off with the people you disagree With. So like town halls you mean? Yeah, town halls. I'm not mad at that. And or, and or hostile journalists. And here's why. When you stop talking to people, Not hostile. Hard hitting. Yeah, hard hitting. Yeah. I about say, because you see a black woman in a hostile situation you ever, did you see that when you went to any of them places? She won't know how to handle it.


She's gonna be good. I hope so. We'll see. We'll, we'll I hope so for the country. But here's what I will say is when you stop talking to people who disagree with you, it becomes a lot easier to demonize them. And, I, And I agree with that. And I that and that's what happens in the country. So say what you will about You know, I know we probably have different views on who we're voting for this cycle, but I will say more so than most Republicans and in this cycle, more so than the Democratic opponent, Donald Trump has talked to people who disagree with him faced off more. I agree with you than Kamala Harris has And I think she has a couple months left to see if she has it entered to Level Up If. you wanna sit across the table from Xi Jinping or Vladimir Putin, then you better be willing to sit across the table from your fellow Americans who disagree with you and face that questioning too. And that's my challenge to her.


If she does that, I'm not gonna say I'm gonna vote for her, but because I disagree with her on the policies. But I will respect her as a candidate in a way that I don't until she actually does It. You're not just gonna support your fellow Indian 'cause she's an Indian. Well You know, I would say that one of the things actually funny you bring that up in the, I believe we're all American, we gotta vote in policy. Of course a lot of the Indian American community is a little bit, is a little bit disappointed or a little bit offended, at least at the fact that she doesn't really own that part of her identity anymore. It's not true. I True the way she did Before. Right? I I'm not saying that I'm just, she Owns both. I'm, I'm, I'm don't blame the messenger, but I'm telling you as a just you can take it as a fact that a good, at least in my read of it, I think a lot of Indian Americans do have a little bit of disappointment about that.


My whole view is I don't like identity politics period. Right. One direction or another, we gotta revive our shared American identity. Okay? And so if we are really committed to the ideals of this country, I think we should focus on what policies are you advancing regardless of your race. Regardless of your skin color. So whether she's dealing with attacks or she's dealing with leaning into it, I'm against it in both forms. Forget the identity politics around the board and focus on how you're gonna have policies that lift up all Americans. That's what I favor talking about. But since you bring it up, I'm just, don't shoot the master here. That's American dream. But I think there are some Indian Americans out there that do feel some sense of offense about it. Well I wanna tell in the Americans that's not true. She claims both sides. Black and Indian.


And this is my last question because I know you gotta go. What were your thoughts when Anne Cota told you that she wouldn't vote for you because you're Indian? She told you that verbatim. Yes, You are an Indian is what she said. So look, I think it's, I think it's shameful. I disagree with it deeply. But one of the things that I think we need more of in this country, the only thing worse than that is her not saying it, but that actually being a true fact for why many people wouldn't vote for me. But You know It's a lot of people. Let's get party and let's talk, talk about it Party who look at you like that though. I mean it's the same party that would make racist jokes about you draw the racist cartoon. Well Here's, here's one of the things, I actually haven't haven't mentioned this before. One of the things that that bothered me a little bit in the campaign is maybe it's 'cause of my style or whatever. A lot of people in the Republican primary base would say, oh, he's just telling us what we wanna hear.


And I don't think that he actually means it or believes it. I got that a lot actually. I thought about it after the race. If I really wanted to tell you what you wanted to hear, do you think I would tell you that I'm a Hindu who practices with my beliefs without changing or shortening my last name. So if I'm gonna stick to that, you have a lot of politicians in American politics, including other people on that debate stage that have changed their name. Some who have evolved their religion. I haven't done any of those things. So if I wanted to tell you something that was make, gonna make it easier for me to win, those would be the number two, number one and two things that you would do. But my view is you gotta be who you are. And. I am somebody who has my own beliefs. And I am proud of not only my faith because it guides me to make the decisions I do, but who I am and how I got to where I am now.


I think in the long run, and I've met many people in the Republican primary base across the entire country. I think in the long run people do respect that level of authenticity and commitment. And so are there gonna be a lot of people who on either side of the spectrum to say, I can't vote for you for some silly reason. Sure, but I'm not gonna be a victim over that You know what if I'm running to be president of the United States? I can't blame the media. I certainly can't blame the voters. It's my job to actually give people a reason to say, You know what? You might have believed what you did before, but here's your reason to think about it a little bit differently. And I think we did bring along a lot of people who believed they could have never voted for a Hindu who said that You know what if he shares the same value set that I do and is actually going to advance the country and allow me to be religiously free.


I think there were a few people who we brought along that way more than a few people over the course of the campaign and You know, I think one of the things I learned is I preach, I preach this to the left all the time, right? Is that I won't say that you're the only person who's responsible for your destiny because there's always, always external factors that hold you back. External prejudices or whatever you And I in our last conversation talked about this a lot in the black community. But you could say the same thing in this context. You're talking about me and my race for president. Okay, maybe you're not, you're not the sole determinant of what you achieve in life. Fine. But the most important determinant of what you're able to achieve in life is still you.


There are other factors, but the number one factor that determines whether or not you succeed or achieve your goals is you. So for me now I gotta preach that hard truth to myself. Are there a lot of factors that were uphill factors for me in this race, including my last name being harder to remember or to pronounce the fact that I'm Hindu, which you haven't had a Hindu president before or there are a lot of other reasons why. Sure. But the number one reason why I wasn't successfully elected comes still down to me. And I gotta look and confront myself in the mirror and ask myself what I could have done better to succeed. And so I'm same message. I'm gonna preach to the left or preach to the other side. I'm gonna try to practice in my own life as well.


If, you wanna be the leader of the country. It's up to you to level up and actually explain to people why you believe that your vision's gonna be best for them. And You know what it was hell of an experience. And. I wouldn't trade it off for anything. It's been probably the most challenging, but most enriching thing I've done in my life was the last year of traveling this country. Meeting people of all creeds, all political persuasion, all races strengthen me and You know what, whatever I do next I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be stronger for it. And we're figuring that out right now. So with all that being said, you think the repub, the Republican party, will have a person of color as a presidential nominee at some point? I think it's entirely possible. Yeah. I think it's entirely possible in the near future. I mean If, you look at even 2016, Ben Carson at one point led in the polls If, you look at 2012.


Number one for a little while was Herman Cain as well. And that's 2012. I think we're even different in 2024 relative to 2012. Frankly, even in the race that I had, I mean I was, I was running You know briefly ahead of Ron DeSantis at the early parts of the debates that put me at number two next to Donald Trump at certain points in the race. So were there some headwinds for me? You got Ann Coulter's comment. Was that representative of a broader current? Yes. Yeah, that exists. But was that the reason why I did not succeed or am I gonna pin the blame on that? No, I think it comes down to everybody has their own unique challenges. People have biases of all kinds. It comes in a lot of different flavors. But If, you run into lead the country.


It's up to you to overcome that. Is that surmountable? Yeah, I believe it's, and do I think that at some point in our lifetime you're gonna have somebody who is not a white man be the Republican nominee and successfully elected US president as a Republican? I think definitely think overwhelmingly likely. I think they should have made Nikki Haley the nominee this year. I disagree with that. Our, our Our put our, put our puter as vice president, it would've, it would've been a tougher ticket to beat than this. I mean, I Disagree with that based on ideology. 'cause she And I have deep-seated different views about our appetite to I trump You view the different than Trump. Yeah. I I have a lot of different views than Trump. You don't really like Trump's politics, Vivek. Well, I have, I've been very clear that I don't agree with the Trump on a hundred percent of policies. I ran for president for a year. I was very, making clearly the case of where I have some slightly different policy views than Donald Trump.


Hopefully that makes actually my reason for endorsing him at least credible to the people who followed me during the race to say I'm not changing my policy positions. I still don't agree with him on a hundred percent of policies, but I'm voting for him nonetheless. Because I think he's gonna grow the economy and solve the illegal mass migration crisis, which I do think is hurting this country. And, I. Think those are the two issues that matter most to the next four years of our development. When I think about the future, this actually we don't, we don't cover this ground. And maybe you guys aren't interested in this either, but I think there are different flavors of America first beneath the surface simmering right now. I think it's interesting, it's in the very early stages of this on one strain of America. First, it's the idea that we need to protect American manufacturers from the effects of foreign price competition.


That we need to protect American labor from the effects of legal immigration into the country. I'm not so much in that camp. I'm in the Camp of America first that says the federal bureaucracy is actually the main thing holding back this country. So I don't want to replace the left wing nanny state with a right wing nanny state. I want to actually shut down the nanny state. I don't wanna replace the Leftwing regulatory state with a right wing regulatory state to advance. So-called good goals actually just wanna dismantle the regulatory state. And that's an interesting, there's two different currents within even the America first wing of the Republican party, And, I think we're gonna be at our best if we have those debates in the open in the same way that I would say about a Democrat, somebody who has different views than me, but is actually willing to defend them and say, this is my ideology.


That's great. We are allowed to have different ideologies, but what I don't have a ton of patience for is a lot of politicians who refuse to acknowledge that they have an ideology or they don't have one at all. And and that goes to my challenge, not just to fellow Republicans, but to Kamala Harris as well. It's not that she's a Marxist. I have no idea if she's a Marxist. Just tell me what your actual beliefs are so we can have an honest debate. That's when the country's best off. And you're right, You know within the Republican Party, I do represent a set of views where I don't agree with a hundred percent of what a lot of other prominent Republicans say, but for my part, I'm willing to defend that and You know I'm biased. But I think this idea of taking on the regulatory state personally, I do think that is the way of the future for even the Republican Party when you play this forward.


You know 4, 8, 10 years down the line. But va ami. Yo. Always a pleasure, sir. Good to see you guys. I like when you pull up, let's just You know. Keep the conversation going. Yeah. See what happens. I love it. Absolutely. Thanks. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club.


Hi icons. It's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single Chason featuring Megan Trainor out today because I'm done chasing you, I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chason for my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to Pres Save my album sponsored by 1111 Media,


You slept through your alarm. Miss the train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh, cold. Sounds like you could use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land is where people go every day To get lucky. At Lucky Land, you can play over a hundred casino style games for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky land slots.com and get lucky today. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Modo us. Visit M odo.us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at M mod. do.us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply to website details.


Hello, Go us.


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan and usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange Manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.