
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, NA, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Show me how good it could get today, God, and show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake That ass up early In The morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is here and we got a special guest in the building. Yes, we do. Kirk Franklin. Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome. I feel like I live here. Good. That's fine. That's a good thing's. I feel like I live here. What is this? What is this like the 20000th time? I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm good with it. I'm just humbled by by That. I'm glad you're here. Well, first of all, welcome and congratulations for being honored at the BET Awards this year. How was that feeling? Oh, Nervous. Had bubble guts. Really, Really What you Are the performer Of, Bro.


Do you How I am always nervous. Didn't we talk about that too? Yeah. I couldn't believe it either when he said it to me. Really? Yeah. We talked about it. We talk about it at the media room. Yeah. I'm always nervous if I go speak, if I go to a nursing home and perform. I'm nervous if I go speak to kids. I'm, yeah, I always have. Yeah, I'm always nervous. Really. That's What about it makes you nervous? Like what is it, what are you thinking about? It's, I think that, you know, there's always, first of all, I think that it has served me well is because it's never normal. I'm never comfortable. I'm always wanting to do my best. I'm always, you know, like, I'm always concerned about every moment, you know, will it be good enough? Will it be accepted?


Will, will it be, will it be light? And so there's never a moment where I'm ever dialing anything in. Gotcha. You know, like everything for me is my first, every project, every album, every song, every moment. It's my first, like, I'm a new artist, I'm a new, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a I'm a struggling artist every time. Right. And I think a lot of it, and you, you know, y'all probably can just even attest just all the, the, the guests that you've had that have come from traumatic backgrounds, childhood abandonment, adoption and all that is that I think that you are always chasing ghost. Got It. You're always chasing ghost. You're always looking for that. Good job, baby.


Then mama didn't give you that. You didn't, that you didn't have in those formative years. So yeah, every moment is, is is nerves and new. Right. And so at the Be Yeah. BT awards, I'm, I'm about to lose it backstage. I'm about to pass. I'm like, wow. And then I didn't know I was going last Mm. Until like a week before. Remember we talked about that too. So I didn't know I was going last. Yeah. I was mad. You went last. I was mad. Why mad? I said, you put somebody that like that in the front or the middle because it was so late. Well, yeah, but that, but, but we stayed Up. I know. We did stay up. Wow. That's kind of y'all. But what I'm saying though is that you feel even more pressure. It's like, I'm not going to last.


It's like, but you know, Because you, Kirk Franklin though. No, But I'm the gospel guy. Hmm. And so you don't think of your genre having a space like that. You don't, you know, and you don't even expect it. Like you, I'm, you know, it's, it's, it's almost like, it's, it's an honor for even the genre to be acknowledged. Yeah. And, and, and even part of the, the ecosystem. Right. But when, when I found out that I was going last Emini here. Yeah, brother, you didn't wanna be sitting by me. Mm. Pressure was on, huh? Well, no, I was letting him go. Oh. So Tiana Taylor and Aaron Pierre was smelling the lu And I lied. I was like, oh man, who did That? What was my Kirk Franklin the gassy one?


Wait, the gassy One? Because Did you have gas when you were sitting next to me? I ain't smell nothing. Well, I wasn't nervous talking to you. Oh, okay, great. Oh, that's good. Right, right. Because you, I'm, I'm not gonna lie, I've been telling people since I met you. It was my first time meeting you. I it threw me off. I didn't know you were so like, just normal. Cool. And just so That though, what does that mean? I said, you a real n word. She was Like, he's a real nigga. I said, I never felt like that about Somebody who What do you think people like, what are people expecting for me to come in floating on clouds? Yes. A little bit. That's what people, And I think that's unfortunate. And I think that we gotta find ways to, to still deconstruct that. It's, I just think that it stands in the way of people feeling like that they can be a part of the family too. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Like, like, like everybody can pull me and, and, and be part of this God love wagon. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's like, and, and so it's always challenging for me when, when there's this where, where there's this ideal of what being a person that loves Jesus looks like. And so I want to be the, the lowliest, the most humble, the most realist person so that you can see, man, that everybody's supposed to be on this bus. Right. And we all supposed to be riding together, man. That's right. We don't always know where we going. But we riding Now during the, the BET awards, they kept showing you when Kevin Hart was doing comedy, and then they, the whole twist was Kirk Franklin was upset with all the Kevin Hart jokes.


And I'm like, they must not know Kirk. So, bro, I was, it was so good. No jokes. It was so good. He's good. It's hilarious. He's good. But then I'll also give you this side. And, you know, And I, and, And I want him ka right, is I think that the biggest thing is for me is that I always have to be careful. 'cause I know that there's a community of the super religious that if I enjoy something too much, then it comes across like, well, why he not? Yeah. Why he Not praying for him? He need to walk out. He need. And, and so there's this, there's this dichotomy that, that you live in when you say that you represent faith, that it's like, I love Jesus, but I'm not Jesus.


Yeah. I'm not him. Right. I love God. I live in a body that ain't his yet until he cracks the sky and make me more like him. And until then, I live in this broken house. And I live in a world where things are gonna be funny. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna stub my toe and I'm not gonna speak your tongue in the middle of the night. I'm gonna cuss. You know what I'm saying? You push me too hard. It's gonna be hands, you know, I'm, I'm Emini here. I'm, you know, I I I am not a perfect person. And so when something's funny and it's good and funny, I want to laugh. How do you stop yourself from laughing? 'cause he kept going. And, and you know, Kev, Kevin's gonna keep going until he get And you was pulling that, that laughing. I know. I feel like I was laughing.


You And wife, you were, but it was like, you still was trying to keep that sense of like, all right. Like, you was like, like you were cracking. Yeah. I was old. But you were like still containing yourself. You know? I was, and it, because it was funny. It was, it's funny. He's funny. He's good. And so you get to see them perfect. Kirk. But I, I think also what people don't understand is God don't want us to be perfect anyway. And either, like, I just, you know, Jesus, they, we not supposed to be perfect. That's why he, he made us in his image. But it's like if he, if he put us here and, and he knew, he know everything we going do before we do it. Like he already knows. It's like we are not him. We are of him.


You know, it, we're not meant to be perfect. We're just meant to follow him. And in that we always should be pursuing to be better. Better. We want to be more like him. We want to be able to be changed in ways. There are things that I see in myself that I want to grow and look more like him. Right. But I'm not on your watch. Yeah. I'm not on your calendar and how I get there. Right. I am on his. And so I think that if we, like I, I said something on this, this new digital series I have on called Den of Kings is that we have to understand, man, that, that, that, that we are patients.


We're not doctors. And Christianity is supposed to be a place that's a hospital. It's a hospital. It's not supposed to be a country club. It's will be a place where people that don't have it together could come and everybody can feel comfortable that they know that they don't have it together. Right. But when people come to us and our community and they feel like that we are more concerned about their, their, their habits and their ways been changed before our eyes. And you're not being changed yet. You're not doing, it's, it's like that, that then people create performance anxiety. That's where the mask comes is because if I don't look the way that you think I should look soon, then now I gotta fake it till I make it. Right. Yeah. And then you never, and then what happens?


Then you become a human doing and never human being. Gotcha. No. Now they also, I'm sorry, I was gonna say they back to the BET awards. They were mad at one of your outfits that You wore. They were mad at every I was about to say that. Like after One of the outfits I had on this year. Yeah. They said that you apologized for it. It was a, you wore like a tank top or some shorts? Oh no, that was part. Oh no, that pirate. We talked about that too at the media room. But why, what they Mad at the outfit Emini here. It wasn't P PPO shorts. She didn't have a thong. It was nothing like That. It's So annoying because they tried to say bro was twerking. Oh, sorry. Didn't cut, bro. They tried to say Kirk Franklin was Ting said, bro, I didn't. She definitely, yeah. Sorry, you said bro, I don't think I can like that. Yeah. Sorry, hold Up. But pause, pause. What's wrong with, bro? I don I don't know. You just feel like it's so crazy how like, naturally you just feel like the homie and I'm like, it's Kirk Franklin.


What? And I not see, we gotta work on, That's Man on it's lowkey kind of like watching you at the BET awards and seeing the energy and the Went, Oh, your mic went out. See, God didn't want me to call you, bro. See, that's what I'm saying. That's what happened when you said, don't you call him bro. Kirk Kirkland, bro. But see, that's the thing though. Even when Kirk met my son, it was, it was crazy. Right. Because I'm until your mic come back on. It's fine. I was saying like we, I, we were on the same festival in Miami from Miami Gardens, and my son was so starstruck and Kirk made him feel like he was cool. Yeah. So he go back to my mother, his grandmother, and like I met Kirk Franklin and he was cool.


He said, you know, and, and he said, bro, my, and like bro was cool. And my mother here she go, 'cause you know, she a deacon in the church and she, you don't refer to no Kirk Franklin. I said, ma no. Like Kirk is really cool. Like relax and chill. When I Just say when you get Outside my, my son, like, he bro, like, that's my bro. I feel like my grandmother came in this room. I, she probably gonna call me after this interview and be like, you, you dare. How dare you dare you. Not a man in a pulpit. You better not. But see, See, that's too much. That's too much pressure. Yeah. And that's a lot. And I'm gonna tell you, I, I can be candid. I don't think we're ever going to deconstruct a lot of that is because for a lot of people, they need that to be able to be connected to their faith.


Wow. They need the stained glass windows. They need the pastor to look in certain way. They, they need the church service to make them feel that this is my connection. This is what holy and righteous looks like for me. And I need that to, hold on. I don't need none of it. All I need is Jesus gang, gang. That's all I need. Yeah. All I need is Jesus. And I'm, and you know, and again, I ain't talking about the European version, but with the blue eyes, I'm talking about, you know, the Jesus that dies. But everybody sins at any moment, everybody can come to the table. Everybody's at the foot of the cross. 'cause we all stank in there. Well, that, that's what I need. Yeah. No, we asking Lauren. I was gonna say, talking about the award show though, there were a couple things. So first people were upset at the performance in a whole, like, they felt like, really?


Yeah. I Emini here. I thought it was a great performance. But I think people, it, I think it just goes to like the people that you bring onto stage and how you, I have a quote here. I think it was Dietrich had, was upset about Gorilla winning the award. But they also called, he also mentioned like things being like a mockery of worship and like things of that nature. Do you get tired of that conversation at this point or at this point are you so used to it? It's whatever. Be real, bro. Gang, gang, gang, Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang. On everything. I love it is what it is. Yeah. It, it, it, it it is what It's, God bless him and God bless them.


How did you feel about that? 'cause some people were mad that in the gospel category, it was gorilla in yourself. It was Lil baby in yourself. It was Rhapsody, not your quote unquote typical gospel songs. What did you think about that, that gorilla won her first BET award was a gospel record. What are your thoughts on that? Primarily gospel artists. I'm trying to keep my eyes on the prize, trying to keep my focus on the things that really matter. I'm trying to tell The World about Jesus, trying to tell The World that for God so love The World that he gave his only son, whoever believes in him should not perish or that everlast in life. That's where I'm at. That's where I'm at. Everything else is just noise for me. That's where I'm at.


I feel like you meet people where they are. You've been doing that since I've been, since I was a little girl. Like, you know, I, I feel like there has been, like, when you, when you say you meet people where you are, it is always been say you meet people where, where they are. Right. Christ. And, and Christianity and church don't look the same for everybody. So if like a gorilla can speak to us, the youth young, you know, and you stamp it and we like, oh, sh we know Kirk Frank. This is who all of our mothers and grandmothers and aunts played and growing up.


And, and, and she, because she, she is the bridge. You know what Emini here, like she would be the bridge for that. And God uses everybody. Like he can use, anybody can use a bum on the street. He can use a homeless person. He can use, you know, anybody to, to lead, you know, to, so you can pay attention to bring you to, you know, to God And Jesus. I feel like it's not, it's, it's not. Why is that frowned upon? You know what Emini here, There's a text in, in, in scripture. There's this moment where the disciples were talking to Jesus about people that were not part of their crew. Hmm. That was also using his name and trying to do things in his name. And they were upset about it because they were not part of the crew.


And so they came to Jesus, they pulled him, was like, yo man, you need to go pull up on a boy name. They over there saying your name and trying to do boo boo woo in your name. And we need to, we really need to squash that. Hmm. And, and, and Jesus was like, yo, if they over there and they are still trying to do good things in my name, even though they're not part of our crew, I'm not gonna squash that. It's because they are still telling people my name. Yeah. And so I feel that it is the same that today that Christianity has for so long been a country club and you've had to have a membership, you've had to look a certain way. Like, like, like, like, like lemme tell you one thing that's funny to me is that people always say to me, and even Tammy sometimes it's like, you know, like, y'all look younger now than y'all did when y first started. Lemme tell you what a lot of that was.


We were assimilating to what the church, if you were young in church, you had to look old to be thought of as serious. Right. Like, they didn't take you serious if you did not look a certain way. So you dressed though you had them long, you know, you had the long jackets, you know, the square to Gators, you know, and Tammy probably had the big lampshade hats. You know, First time I took it to COT convention, we were 25 years old. And I, you know, God bless Church of God in Christ love church of God in Christ, you know. But there's a certain aesthetic that sometimes you have on tell 25 years old got a big old hat on gloves. And she said, she said, I felt like trick or treat, You Know, you know, because we were trying to assimilate.


You're trying to do all the things to be accepted as a young person. Yeah. And so now I'm Emini here. We just comfortable being who we are. And I just think that it is really, really important to just put people back on the focus of what matters. He's what matters. That's right. Now, what was the concept of, of Deni Kings? How did, what Inspired that bro? First of all, you gotta talk to the mic, bro. First of all, I'm bro bro, bro, bro, bro, Don't gimme trouble. They're already gonna drag me for saying it once. That's the motif of the show right now, bro. Bro, bro. And it's a beautiful thing. Beautiful thing. But one thing that I'm very excited about is that I just had this idea that I've always been told that people enjoy the way I hold court during dinner.


Like, when you go to dinner with me, we gonna chop, you know what I'm saying? We gonna chop about politics. You know, we were talk, talk about religion, sex, we gonna talk about whatever and get it in. And so during my birthday, I came to Atlanta, well, I went to Atlanta, had dinner with some of my good guy friends. And they were like, yo, bro, you need to turn this into something. Mm. It's just, you know, because I've had really great conversations. And so with that, I just thought about having dinner with black men and what that could look like in that conversation. And so the first episode out in Atlanta, great food chef, beautiful house. You know, you had country Wayne, you had Lou, you had, you had Deval, you had dc DC Young Fly.


And it was an incredible moment. And the response has been Crazy. I've been telling everybody I know to watch it. It's been amazing. Hasn't like, were you shocked at the response? Yes. Especially with DC and how it gets deep in how y Man, I love that. 'cause that's my brother. I know, I know. I, you know what? Emini here and he loves you. Yes. He loves you. Yes, yes, yes. And you know, even country Wayne, you know, like, just you gave them that safe space, that vulnerable place where they can, they can talk about things that they don't usually talk about. Yeah. And they, they, they talk about, but they don't go in depth with it. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like you provide that. And, And I love to see that. And it has been Emini here. The response has been overwhelming. Like it has been. So, so, you know, we've got another one on deck coming up soon.


I, you know, and it's just, you know, dinner conversations with men Yeah. With black men. And I'm humbled And I want to thank everybody that's been tuning in and watching it. And it's just been a, it, it's just been an amazing


Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bow premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Burro. And every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment to talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that make them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shape their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cape off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you, and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like, go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own garden. Is It wrong to want more? We migrated our family. Migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael Tuda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeds. I am the creator and host of Hella black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast that explores society, culture, and the intersections of faith and identity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian to hear conversations about what it means to sound the way you look. I think what I've had to make peace with is that every iteration of my voice is given to me by God And I love it. Books That validated our identity. The library Now for me is a safe space as someone who is writing books that they're trying to take off of Shelves and how we as black queer folks relate to our Christianity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts using moment.


It's like men's therapy. It's like watching a men's therapy session. It's crazy. Yeah, it's Crazy. It's each episode about fatherhood, there's gonna be different things that men do. Different, Different conversations. Next one is about being a boss. Okay. And you know, we, we are going to have so many conversations that are just really just kind of peeling back and just having a really, really, really great conversation. You gonna pull up on one? Of course. Don't play whatever you need. I Think Vy No, I think Vy and Charm. I think y'all be so amazing in the sit down site. It Would be, it'd Be fire because it's like a real conversation. Non-judgmental as well. Non-judgmental. Non-judgmental. And I want everybody to feel safe And I try to lead with vulnerability and transparency myself. So I, so I try to create the environment that makes you feel safe and comfortable.


Will there ever be a episode with you and your baby boy, your son? Hmm. It's not that I haven't thought about it. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's because it's still a work in progress. Yeah. I would want there to be real healing in his life before there is anything that, that, that, that, that puts a spotlight that could even be more Damaging Got it. To his process. You know, I want him whole. Yeah. I don't give a heck about ratings, you know, I was gonna say something else, but I just want him whole.


And so whatever is going to be for his best healing. And a lot of times that, that happens when the cameras are open. Yeah. What's what's your relationship now with them? It's, it's still work. It, it, it, it, it still work. Now the beautiful thing that has happened is, you know, I ran into my biological father, of course after all these years and his, what's the most incredible thing about God? Everything that my oldest son needs. That's his profession. Mm. Your dad's profession. Wow. Biological father's profession. And I think you can impact that. Yeah.


Yeah. Right, right. Everything that my oldest needs. So my biological has come in because that's his grandson. So he has a personal interest in, in, in, in, in, in him being whole. Mm. And it's been amazing. It's been, well, it's been amazing to watch. Gotcha. But it's still a, a process. And how has that relationship with your biological dad, biological Your biological dad, how, how has Been, first lemme say this, he's an amazing man. He's an amazing, I love that you could say that. Yes. Oh, he's an amazing man. But it is more me. It's more because I wasn't looking for a father. He wasn't looking for a son. Emini here, you know, Emini here.


We wasn't looking for, remember I thought I knew who my father was. Murder. And, and he died of, of cancer back in 17. So now it's me. Like, when you live your life so long on your own, it's almost like a, it's almost like a woman who has been single for a long time. And if the guy, guy said, don't get that door. And you, you kinda like, what? You know, you know, you've got to kind of process, okay, I ain't gotta get my door no more. What does that look, you know? And I like, oh, what does that look like? Right. I don Understand. No, I do Understand what she sayings. She don't have a man. But even, first of all, understand That's even Before the single thing I was talking more about your dad and you not feeling like you were missing out on anything.


Kind of sort of why y'all, why I'm skipping past it. No, She's, she doesn't know A liar. It's so good how you did that. Yeah. God loves the truth And I'm letting, she don't have a man, she don't have the best relationship with her dad. So she loved, That's another thing, dad, If you find one, would you like me to A mean or dad? I don't, I'm not trying to sit. Dad. She, How old are you? I'm 33. Okay. I'm 55. So I'm so a man or dad. If I find anyone, it may be a Z Emini Here, You might need a Z. Okay. But she doesn't have the, necessarily the best relationship with her father as well. So how did you get to the, the point where you can have that relationship? Emini here she text first having Father's Day hope, but she doesn't have that relationship.


That's not true. Okay. Me and my dad have built a relationship relationship, but I met him at 14. But to your point, because I was so full with what I had, I had my stepdad, my mom, my grandmother, I didn't know. And like still now I don't like, I be forgetting his father's day and it's no shade to him. It's just No, No, no. I understand. I've always been full to the point where I wasn't looking for it. So when he got introduced into my life, I was like, oh, okay, so this is my dad. I gotta call him, I gotta talk to him. I gotta, and it don't always be that all the time. It's not a natural thing for me to do. So you're the first person I ever heard explain it where it made sense to me of like, you just weren't looking for it. 'cause you didn't know you needed it. Yeah. And mine wasn't that I was full. Mine was that I was numb. Oh, Maybe I was numb, Maybe so, but, you know, And I don't know, like I'm not a professional, but, but I do know that sometimes you do learn how to live with limps.


Yeah. You learn how to live with limps to the point that you forget it's broken. Mm. You know? Yeah. And I think that because of where we come from as people of color, we've had to live so much of our lives as people with, with, with limps as people just because of just, just just the deconstruction of our homes and families and backgrounds that a lot of times we don't even know often what healthy is. Yeah. Mm. It's because we've had to just live. Okay. We've never really lived well. We just live. Okay. Have you had those moments with your biological dad where like y'all are talking and y'all in the midst of something and you're like, oh man, like I feel it, this is what there were, this is what was missing at some point. Or I could have used this at some point.


Have you had that? No. No. I, I have lived so much with deficiencies that I'm still just trying to figure out. Hmm. So, so a lot of times if, if I'm around him, I'm just trying to figure out how to be, sometimes I'm, sometimes I'm even sitting there having to just breathe just to keep my anxiety. But, you know, because it's so foreign. Yeah. It's so foreign and I'm not, you know, I'm not proud of these things. Yeah. But I'm not gonna get up here and cap with y'all like, you know, and give y'all the, the, you know, the little house on the prayer fairytale, oh man, God has blessed us and we're all together now. It's like, it's like, my God, I'm still trying to figure life out. Like it, it's a new addition.


Right. That I'm still trying to figure out the space for it. Do you, Do you regret what you've done in gospel music because it took so much time away from your family? That's an incredible question. It's, I think that any man in my humble opinion that is ambitious and driven will always look back and have regrets on how the people around them have had to suffer because of that. Because You, yeah. Your family suffered, but you brought joy to people. You probably saved 1,000,001 lives with your music and your dancing and the word, but you might've hurt a couple in the family because you weren't there. So how does that balance out? And, and you know, as a a father that works a lot.


I, I feel that sometimes it's like, damn, should I be home during this time? Yeah. But I gotta get Bills. See de Kings, because y'all talked about this on the show. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ooh, boy, you know, you, you, you have many regrets. You have, you have many regrets and, and you have confusion. It's because it's, it's, it's almost like if you were not driven, if you were not a dog, if you didn't have that attitude, then you wouldn't have been what you are. But you also know that many around you, whether it's your wife or your kids, that they've suffered a lot that they've gone through a lot because it comes with a heavy price.


And I think that for me, mine also has another level of, of, of, of kind of dichotomy is because you also don't want to, you don't want their kids' faith to be, I don't want having to do with Jesus. 'cause Jesus was the dude that kept my daddy away. So I'm trying, you know, you've also tried to have that nuance space in that too. Now the beauty of my children is their mother. It, it, my, my my children are, are, are, are great because of their mama Tammy. Tammy has, Tammy is like, she just that Midas touch. Mm. You know, she, but then her mama was dead.


Tammy's mama was dead. Tammy's mama's like that with me. You know, just that, just that Midas touch. And she knew I didn't have a mama Sonos Pam. Just that modest touch. But yeah, you live with a lot of regret. You live with a lot of guilt. You live with a lot of questions. You live with that internal war of, of, of, of missing things. And, and wondering what it would, what, what it would've been more like for you to be at home. But then at the same time, you also, that dude that wakes up in the middle of the night with dreams and ideas and ambitions and songs. You know, like I wake up And I like with songs and, and you know, I'm at a basketball game And I gotta step outside to put something in my phone because a song, because if that song don't work, then I can't pay for that school And I can't pay for that college.


I can't pay for that. Your new car you want after you graduate. It's like, you know, there's that tension. Right. It's because people are blessed by your sacrifice, but then they're also hurt by your sacrifice. Yeah. And I don't know all the answers. I just try to show up and be honest. Gotcha. Hmm. What's your mentorship to other people look like these days? Because I know De King's, I felt like when I was watching it, it was that like you were mentoring these men Yeah. But they just came together randomly. Do you have like a set group of people that you're mentoring and do you take the time to do that? Maybe mentoring right now and these days and times does look more like that. Maybe it doesn't look as traditional. Oh, okay. You, you know, it's, it's, I don't know. It's, I just try when, whenever I try to show up wherever I am, I'm always trying to be the book that people need to read.


Mm. And so whatever that looks like, I'm always available to do it. It may not always look in, in the traditional form. It's because sometimes in, in traditional forms, like I remember doing a youth camp is I did a youth music camp for the hood back, back a few years ago and it just didn't go well. Mm. And the reason why is because what I noticed is that if Steph Curry does a camp, if Steph Curry does a basketball camp and you can figure it and you probably can do this entity kids that come to a basketball camp, they're not looking for Steph Curry to get them in the NBA because they know that it's still a process. They know a coach and a team. So, so, so Curry can do a basketball camp and you know, show love, give out some treats, whatever.


But a daddy is not pulling 'em to the side going, yo man, you think you could talk to the a team from a boy where when I do a music camp, demo tapes and everybody, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's like they see my world more accessible. So I'm not getting a chance to really mentor. I got a whole bunch of people just kind of wanna be put on. Right. Right. And, and so that didn't go well for me. That, that, you know, I, I wanna be able to plant seeds and help you, but I'm not here trying to put you on. Yeah. And so What I love, I love that you said social media is not evil, you know, it's, it is broken people that use it as a tool of evil. Yeah. Right. So does commentary on social media affect you at all?


Yeah, it can. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I think anybody be lying if they say, And I think that we all try to do our social media fast and we try to pull back, you know, like after the Beat awards, I was like, I'm not reading nothing. I don't wanna read nothing. I don't have it. Yeah. I don't want nothing. You know, and then, you know, a few days later you find yourself And look in and be Yeah, Man, please about Jesus. Yeah. Right, right, right. You know, so, you know Yeah. You, you, you, you find that tension and you try to do the best. I really believe y'all, And I know y'all gotta wrap me up real. So, man, I gotta believe, I believe that everything that we discuss can be summarized in these major points of humans have to be more kind Yeah.


To humans that we, we, here's the illustration before I go. Right. If you are on an island and that island is now slowly sinking into the water and the only way off that island to the other piece of bigger land is this rope, this tightrope. And everybody has to walk across that tightrope. Now why, mind you, they're walking over water that is shark infested. Right. So if you fall off that tightrope, you, I, but that's the only way to get off this island is this tightrope. Everybody that is getting on that tightrope, if you're sitting there standing there watching them because you know your turn's coming up next, you are not gonna be sitting there criticizing how they're getting off on that tight.


You're not gonna be going Look at her feet. Look at feet. She not even walking on it. Right. Right. Look at, look at that. Now you not doing the book because you know what, you're not doing that 'cause you know you next. So you sitting there going, please ma ah, ah, oh God, please let 'em make it. Please. Ugh. She made it, she made book. Because that gives you hope that you can make it. That's what life is. It's sinking and we're trying to get off and there's only way, there's only one way and, but we are criticizing each other while we're trying to get off. That's the only way. There's no boat, there's nothing. The only way off the sinking island is this thin, difficult way we should be praying people make it instead of complaining how they walk in. Wow. Because you next in the church head.


Amen. Amen. Dang. Wow. Dang. I I was lemme one more question. Go, go, go. How did you listen when you got some of the strongest pipes coming up outta your choirs? Like I'm talking about like, everybody was like a lead singer. Like everybody, how did you find these people? That's how I do it. That's how you do it. I do. It is, I look for lead Singers individually Is I go after artists. Yeah. Is I look at people that I see an artist in them come rock with me. And that's what I do. And that's why they're so amazing. Yeah. Yeah. No. So, but that's dope that you caught that Since I was little. I'm like, yo, how everybody can Yeah. Not just sing but sing. Everybody can sing.


Like he coulda had like everybody do their own solo. Yeah. Dope. Crazy, man. No, no, no. Thank you for that. Thank you. But I wanna say I love you so much. Love you too. You, I've been inspired since I was like just so young. Just those long mornings. My mother popped your CDs and for every CD we had, you know, I grew up on you dope. And I love you and I'm so happy that I got to meet you. Oh. You know. Oh, this Is so crazy. This is the first time you met him because he said No second time With her Sonos 90 times. No, I I met him before I, him personally when Got, he just walked. Right. But it is Kind of crazy. Me and Kirk Franklin, because you've been our, in our household are Literally been in my house her for Word.


I know that. Like everything. Yeah. My whole life. So meeting you was just like, So I'm happy. Ooh. It's Kirk Franklin, like, okay. And it is your presence though. So I thank you so much just for all of your work and everything that you, that you've done, you've contributed to just to my household and my and to gospel. The word of God. Everything that's, thank You. What? It's, that's kind of it. Yeah. Thank you For having Well de Kings, you could check it out on YouTube. New single, do it again. We are about to play that right now. Do it again. You don't And we have to leave with a prayer. What's wrong with you? Can you Call No, I was, you call As brought Prayer for you. First of all, he prayed for me at the media room as well too. Okay. Okay. I'm always covered in prayer. Thank you. All right. He always covering your wig too. But this, You see, Shay, you I need you to pray for now.


And that's not even A wig. Exactly. That look, she exactly, she don't wear wigs no more because they talked about 'em. So many didn't talk them right off on Are we including prayer for Azadi or are we not? Please, she needs Azadi too, please. And you allowed to say that to God. Go head. I can't, I don feel like I can't say I'm Being funny. I'm being funny. Man, man. Father, wow, man, thank you so much that you are just the most kindest, most patient, creative of, of them all. Thank you Lord, that you constantly just forgive us when we mess up. And that you are always wanting us to win. Because when we win, it makes you look great. Father, we know that The World is crazy. And Father, I want to thank you for these three soldiers, for the four soldiers and how they are doing their best to try to plant seeds of goodness in the earth.


Just watch over their families, watch over their lives. If we've ever needed you before, we need you in The World. Now please break down the walls of religion so that we can be able to see the light of your son. And I'm talking about your son, SON And Father, we want him to be glorified in our lives. We are far from perfect, messed up. And we love the fact that you take the lemons and make lemonade and our lives every day. Thank you for not giving up on us. We wanna make you proud, wanna make you happy, and your name Jesus. Amen. Amen. All right, well, there you have it. It's Kirk Franklin. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hmm.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute Season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways and which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The OGs of Uncensored motherhood are back and badder than ever. I'm Erica. And I'm Mila. And We're the hosts of the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network every Wednesday. Yeah, we're moms, but not your mommy. Historically, men talk too Much and women have quietly Listened and all that stops here. If you like witty women, then this is your try. Listen to the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast Every Wednesday On the Black Effect Podcast Network, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you go to find your podcast.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.