
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. It's always quiz. Get the money when she's here. Ladies and gentlemen. Tika something. Welcome. Thank you. Good morning, Tika. How are you feeling? I love your show one, and I'm happy to be back. I'm good. How are You guys? Blessed Black and Holly F Good, good. Happy to see you. Good. I didn't know your real name was Emia. Yeah, It's Emia. It's a Greek goddess. She was a martyr and my dad named me that. Okay, So So Latika Lat is where they get Tika from? Yes. Okay. Emia. Latik. My grandma somehow figured out Tak.


It's like a tiki bird, a black tiki bird in Florida. So Emia Lat Sumpter, but Sumpter. But in school I'd be like, they'd be like, AMI. I'd be like just Tika. Just Tika. Gotcha. Yeah. When Didd, you learn what EU fema. EU FEMA meant Emia. phe. I'm sorry. Well, I looked it up because I was like, what is that? And oh, And I met some like Greek people and they were like, Mia, that's Greek And. I was like, oh, okay, cool. And I looked it up. And I was like, oh, my dad kind of You know, thought of me as this beautiful human being. Yeah. He saw the future. What'd that do for your confidence back Then? Nothing, because I thought it was a, I thought it was a terrible name and it was too big for me. And. I'm like, I, don't know what this is. You You know you're in Queens and you're like, and the teacher's like Uba.


Like, you're like, oh God, just call me Tika. So it did nothing until now, until like my older age. It all worked Out. That's Right. It all Worked out. And how'd you, how'd you get into acting coming from Queens? Like what, what made, what was the acting bug? Oh my gosh. It's crazy. 'cause you don't see anybody, I mean, my sisters actually were dancers. Like when they danced in videos back in the day and like kid and play, like mc Light, all that stuff. So I like saw pictures, like I stole pictures from them and took them to school and was like, she's dating this person. You know or, but, so I saw it from afar, but I didn't know that I can actually do it. Honestly. I used to love watching cartoons and things like that. I only knew I could do it. When I went to Long Island, And I heard of this woman named Mariah Carey, who's from Huntington And.


I was like, oh, that's interesting. And so I started going on the LIRR, long Island Railroad to New York and taking classes. But I didn't know that I can do it. I just saw the tv, And I was like, this is a job. Like You know. You don't know it until you can see somebody fall into it. Yeah. Or you see somebody else who's actually doing it. You know. So, And your parents believe back then, because I mean, they had to take you, right? My parents, no, my mom didn't know what the hell I was doing. Okay. What, What did she think you was going Uhoh? She, because I, I used to work at a movie theater, so I had my own money to do it and take classes. But like, she, she trusted me. I was a very trusting child because my siblings made all the mistakes and she was like, okay, I mean, you, you feed me, you got you.


You gotta live up to that. That's right. Exactly. And so I would go to New York and on the weekends, take classes and, and it wasn't until I moved to New York to go to Marymount Manhattan College. I couldn't afford it. It was too expensive. I don't know why I chose a private college. And I told my mom that I was leaving And, I'm gonna try acting. And she was like, what is, first of all, where's your 401k? Like You know, I grew up in that kind of environment. My mom was a corrections officer at Rikers. So You know. She's like, what's the plan? Yeah. Because we don't know anybody who acts who's making any money. Yeah. Yeah. I love, love the fact you used, oh, I'm sorry, go ahead. No, I was gonna ask you, when do you feel like you like your breakout moment? When do you feel like you actually made it the Role?


I feel like there are many different breakout moments for different people. Right. And I. Remember quitting my job in New York. I worked at a private members' club. And I was just done like I was done with people being inconsiderate and entitled and talking to me sideways. I literally walked out like just, I didn't tell anybody. I just left. And I'm like crying down the street New York moment. And the lady's like, are you okay? I'm like, I'm, I'm fine. You know in New York, somebody actually stopped to see was Okay. Somebody stopped. It was a white lady. It Must've looked real bad. She must've looked that bad. He was like, something's wrong with her. It was some white lady. She was like, are you okay? And I was like, I'll be okay. You know and You know. I auditioned for this show called One Life to Live at the time.


And I You know My ex at the time was like, look, how about you go for your dream? This is the first time I've ever felt like I've had like a fall somebody to fall back on. And he, I was like, go for my dream. He's like, yeah, I'll take care of everything. You go for your dream. But that only lasted a week. 'cause then I Dang. I was like, oh, I could take care of you for one week. One week after that. Back to reality. No, no. It only lasted a week because I booked a job. Oh, You booked a job. Do that for seven days. Damn. Yeah. You Know. Yeah. So I booked one Life to live and after that I never had to like waitress or do any of those things ever again.


Yeah. I love that you worked at a movie theater for You know. 'cause I You know, when you think back on your life, you look at all of these different moments that kind of gave you signs. Did that give you a sign back then? Yeah, I, it was the closest thing I had to like, what I wanted my reality to be. And so yeah, I worked at a movie theater for a while. It was United Artists. It's not, and it's no longer around, but I would get my mom some free movies. I give her free candy and popcorn and all that stuff. So yeah, it was one of those things where I was, that was the closest I I ever got to what I wanted to be. Hmm. Damn. I know that's right. You, you played Michelle Obama a few years ago. I did. I did. How was, how was that? Did you get to pick her brain at all Or? I didn't.


I didn't. I, we got the okay to do it because You know we definitely didn't wanna step on anybody's toes, but it was just from the point of view of You know before she became Michelle You know, like their first date. And so it was something that I produced and we took to Sundance and we sold it to Miramax at the time and You know it worked out. And, and my friend Richard Tanny wrote the script. And I got to work with my friend Parker Sawyers. So it was, it was really fun to do. And And I, I feel that that project, like was very close to my heart. Did It come out before or after becoming her book? I? Don't remember. Way after bef before. Before, Before. Got before. Before, before you didn't have nothing to work off?


Well, yeah, he had, he had wrote his books already, but she also, her brother wrote a book. Okay. So I got to like understand the inside of who she was before she became the Michelle Obama. Gotcha. You know. And so that was more fun for me because I wasn't trying to replicate who she is now. I had to kind of get an idea of who she was before that. Right. And she was his boss. So they, their first date was definitely like, ugh. You know. It was, it was walking the line. You Get canceled for that today. Well, I, well, where else do you meet your person? Not your boss though. You can't date your boss. Why you, you outta here in the workplace? Oh, human resources all day though. Long. Or Maybe because it's a double standard. Maybe it was a different, when it's a woman and a guy. I just feel like woman in power. Do you meet your significant other nowadays?


Yeah. Like nobody goes to bars. I'm with you. Yeah. Nowadays it's the toughest thing. Like you can't, I'm not gonna say you're not allowed to. How would you go? Because it's, you don't watch the Human resource video that they make you watch every week. You got somebody else do it for you. You got somebody. I can tell you don't watch And I at my man in the bar. I did meet my guy. You did in the bar. You did? Yes, Two years ago. I, I met guys in bars. Right, right. But I'm just saying that's when you used to go out. Right. You know. But yeah, most of it was at work, so for me too. Now tell us about the Sonic the Hedgehog and was that difficult installment? Because because you're not, it's, well, it is a person, but it's not a person. It's animation. So Yeah, I mean it's, it's incredible what they do and how they make them look.


The first one was just like a golf, tennis ball. I was like at connecting with the second Sonic two. It was these huge 3D cutouts of like me talk us talking to Sonic and Tails and all that stuff. And then the third one was like these huge puppeteers who actually had like talking to us as their voice as Idriss and Keanu and whoever else. And so yeah, it grew, it grew as the budget grew. Well, you're in the same room or is it like, is it individually? No, they're in the same room. Oh, okay. They're in the same room. Not, not, not the voiceover part. Like they do their part separately. Like Ben Schwartz who does Sonic and all that stuff. They do it in a booth. Okay. But for us to make it real, they bring these like puppeteers and like, we're like, I love you.


Sonic or Knuckles is like I don't understand, You know that kind of thing. And so yeah, we get to like act across from real actors in Do you like it? I love it. It sounds Weird. Like you're talking to a Muppet and You know. I know, but it's one time you're talking to a tennis ball. I know, but it's like using your imagination. Right? Like the the closest thing to creativity is play. So I mean, that's what you get to, I I got to do it. And, I feel like I'm the coolest mom ever because my daughter who's eight is like, she saw like a, she saw it and she's like, thank you so much mom. And then all her friends were like, you're Sonic's mom. So yes, I feel like I have different street cred, different Street cred. She's eight Now. She's eight years old. Not flies. What time is not playing with none of, not At all.


With her. Without you. With without, with her. Without you. Now, when they first booked you for that, did you, what made you say, I want to do this because it's totally different than what you've done before. What made you wanna do that? Well, honestly, they asked me to come read at like a huge paramount table reading all the executives. Everybody was there. And I was like, do y'all, y'all want me to come read with you guys? That's awesome. And so then they offered me the job. I wanted to do it because I wanted to do something that my daughter can actually watch. Gotcha. Like, I feel like everything I do, it's like, yeah. She can't really watch it. So Yeah. How is it working with Jim Carrey? Oh my God. Because he is Dr. Robotnik. Yes.


How? Which Nobody else could play that role better. And he plays two roles in this. Yeah. He plays his own grandfather and, and then his, the, the grandson. And so he's in, first of all, I grew up watching him on a In living color. Yes. Same. And so to, to see somebody who you look up to for so long, the first one I was like, oh my god, Jim Carey. And he's like, alright, let's, let's talk about the script and like all the things and what do you think about this and help like, write this joke. And I was like, how, what me You know, I can't help with anything you write that You know. But it was really cool that he kind of embraced us and he's just super normal now. It's like, oh, that's Jim You know. I love that. Yeah. Oh my. It was awesome. It was awesome. A dream come true. I Wonder when you have You know yourself and then you have stars of that magnitude, like Keanu and Jim, do they need to be seen?


Clearly not, right? Do y'all need to be seen? What do you mean? What do you mean? In What way? Like as far as like being on the screen. Like it, it, it's your voices, but it's not Y'all act You Know per Oh them. Yeah. I mean you see Jim on the screen, you see what he does. I think with Keanu and Iris You know their voices, so you don't have to, people are excited that it's Keanu and Idriss You know. And, but also You know the characters that they're playing are super iconic. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like they You know it. It's great that we have them, we love them, but also like the characters are, the gamers are like, we're down for the ride. But Do you tell people it's you? Like if somebody be like, oh, I love that character, you'd be like, You know that's me. What? But you see me?


I'm like, I'm not. No, I'm not a cartoon. I ain't never seen it. No. He's like, because you was talking like you was a voice actor. So I never seen, okay. No, I know. I'm talking to like the characters on screen, like Sonic and Tails and Knuckles get with the programs Not real. He the only one that's not real. Not real. But you thought he was real. I'm Real. Who? Sonic. Yeah. And Knuckles. He knew Sonic wasn't real. You knew? Yeah. No, I know. Sonic and Knuckles not real. Okay. Oh, you just thought The whole movie was I thought the whole thing was animated. No, no, no. It's, it's live action. Like they're You know James Morrison and me and You know other people are real. Jim Carrey's real. Got you. Yeah. So it's real. Ben Schwartz, all them binge Schwar is, You just confused the hell out of him right now.


I know. He was like, I did, I never got, I never got into the Sonics thing. The actually what caught me was the trailer for Knuckles one time. Yeah. But that was on tv. Yeah. That was a series. Yeah. Yeah. That was If you bunk in in the, That's how your attention. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Now you was talking earlier that your mom just allowed you to go, right? Yeah. Now is your, your, your, your son or daughter? Daughter Is your Daughter get older. Would you let Her just go and say Go ahead. Nope. These days, No, I mean it's hard. I I do like, we went like camping one and she's like, I just wanna go camping. We did, we went camping. The Queen is outta you now camping. Oh, it's what's wrong with camping. But we went to like auto camp.


It was like a glamping. Okay, alright. Yeah. It's like in a community. She's like, I wanna walk over. She's very independent. I think it's really important to allow your child to have some access to independence. 'cause I feel like, or you can be kind of clobbering them and like You know, I feel like I used to, when I was in Queens, I would go down the block until the lights turned of course. And it was like, Tika come home. And, I. I just felt like I, that's how you learn. That's how you learn how to fight for yourself. I remember getting jumped by my two friends. You know. Dang, they weren't your friends found that day. They're like, Tika, come over. I'm like, what? You got hit with the come outside.


We not gonna jump you come, come. And little cheek Is like coming gonna somebody's house. The girls are like, y'all gonna fight. What I don? What? What did you do? I didn't do. I, I am, I was a very sweet child. I did not do anything. I think they just wanted to I don't know why they wanted to fight me. Wow. Did You win to Lose was trying to And I jumped. Let me tell you, my adrenaline, when they told me the girl I was, I wish I could say her name 'cause I remember that's how impacted you Remember her name. I remember everybody's name. And I was like, I'm gonna fight her. And she was big and my Big like big back or like, like Diesel. Big back. Big Back. Okay. Big back. And. I. I was like, my adrenaline shot to my like heart And I remember taking her hand, there was a thorn bush swinging her, throwing her in the thorn bush.


And she being like, I don't wanna fight you. I was like, what? Like, it was a weird, it was like I was in a dream And I. Don't know where the power came from. I'm like, was it an angel? 'cause it was not me. It couldn't have been me. It was EU fia, it was Emia Mia Dars as and me You know. Yeah. And And I. I, I walked away Alive thought You said you got jumped. Well, they were all around me. So it was like a, it was a setup. More of a setup. Okay. But they didn't Actually, they didn't jump me. They About to Was like one-on-one, but the other, my friends were around me. And I was like, I don't understand. That's smart though. You took the biggest one out first. So once they see that everybody else, you tell your daughter those stories.


She asked me the other day, she asked me the other day. She's like, because I Have You ever fought a big back? She didn't ask that? No. She did ask me the other day, mom, have you ever been drunk? And I was like, what is She watching? No, because My daughter asked all the questions. Right. I'm just open with my child. I really am. And not in a way where it's like inappropriate. But like, I was drinking a beer at home one night and we were talking, she's like, have you ever been drunk? And? I was like, my husband's like, yes, she has And I. Like, and he tells her the story and she's like, wow. Now we wanna know the story. Now when was secret drunk? I love It. I've, I've been drunk many times. You don't wanna know. That was my past life. You know. It's funny though 'cause you talk about how you came up, but it's like, yo, we can't do that with our kids nowadays.


I don't feel comfortable just letting my kids just go out in Rome. Nope. I mean, You know that lady who got arrested for letting her 10-year-old walk. He was walking to the store. Yeah. Did y'all hear about that story? Walked Mile, right? He A mile. He's 10. And that was in the South too. What happened? He walked nothing. He walked to The World nothing. He walked to the store and they came to arrest her to say he was in, somebody called the cops. He was in Danger. And You know most states have that law. There's like only four that don't. Like I didn't even know that that was a Law that they Yeah, it's like in child endangerment or something like that. But like, I'm like, you can't even let your child walk to a store. Which is crazy. That's crazy. Our parents should be in jail basically. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. I went to the bodega so many times. Oh my gosh.


And ask for credit That's gone all day until the street lights come on. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Now you Worked with Tyler Perry on a few projects. I did. And I noticed that You know a lot of actors that work with him say that that was the first time that they ever got paid what they were worth. Was that the same for you? I I, I, I'm lucky in this industry, like for the jobs that I have had, I've been paid very well. Yeah. And he has continued the process for me. And so I feel super grateful because even now, like I brought a pro, I was trying to get a project made for five years. And I had it with different production companies. And I Co-wrote something with a friend of mine who's a writer on P Valley, and I brought it to him.


And within days he calls me, he's like, I'll direct it. Mm. This is the first time he's ever directed something that he didn't write. And he's like, you, you produce it for like, you really go out and produce it. Which I love. He's like, so I'm co-writing, producing, and starring in a film that Amazon sister in Italy, sisters in Italy. Okay. Oh, and Amazon bought it. And so we're finishing it in Italy in April. So, and he said yes in June July. We started in September. Congratulations. Tyler's a great dude, man. He don't get, I don't think he really gets the flowers or the credit that he, he deserves. I think He gets it and he gets it from the people that matter to him. You know, I think You know. There's obviously a group of people who don't like what he does, but you don't have to watch it.


Yeah. You said something very important. You said the people that matter to him. Yeah. If, if, if, if more of us could embrace that, like just caring about the opinions of people that actually matter to us and don't care about the opinions of the people who don't matter to us. That's It. That's it. My word this year was like, do not chase my words. I I'm not gonna chase after anything that is not, not for me or nor am I gonna chase people that I'm like begging you to come see me because there are so many people who see me and love what I do and follow what I do and say it every day. You know when I'm in the airport or whatever, And, I'm like, oh my God. So just go after the people who are going after you. That's it. Yeah. I mean, you're not gonna get everybody and you're not gonna always get the You know the Oscar people who, who, who deemed that important Do You know, remember the time at the Oscars where they went on the street to everyday people and they're like, do You know this movie?


Do You know this movie? They're like, no. Nope, nope. No. Most people don't know those movies. You know, not that they don't matter, but the masses go and look at other, a lot of things that YouTubers do, other people do. Right. And so You know, not that they can't live in the same world, but that's not all that matters. That's why I don't get mad when I'm watching the Oscars. And like, let's say Angela Bassett doesn't win for, or is it Black Panther two? I didn't see the other movies. So I don't know if she got Jim. Right. Right. You can't, you can't have this voice of like, well, they deserve, it's like, well, did you see everything else too? That's right. You know. Although she does. I mean, I think what's love got to do it. It got robbed. But again, I didn't I don. I didn't, I don't even know the other movies that were on on There.


Me neither. Yeah, they just said the same thing that said she got robbed for that one. I didn't. I didn't. But that was too much. She did too much of a great job. Yeah. That was so Right. You could do better Than this. Oh my God, power. Oh, For sure. So speaking of going after people who go for you. Yeah. You met your man. Yes. Your husband on the set of the have and have nots. Who approached who? I I honestly, I did Shot your Shot. I shot my shot, which I usually do in my life anyway. But he was just making me laugh and, and it was a long day. And I, honestly, I, I said, I will not date any more actors. Like, I was like, no more. I'm done. I'm finished. And then I gave him my number.


And I was like, call me. Like if you guys go out. And he didn't. And he's like, no, there's no way You're not married. And I was like, no, there is a way. And so yeah, we went out one night and then that was history. Was He really making you laugh or you just thought he was cute? So you just was getting I thought he was cute. I thought he was cute. And then I was like, You know what? No, that's when I was like, I'm not doing this. And then he really did. He's my, he's really funny. Like dry humor, And I. Love to laugh. And so that was, that's actually what really did attract me. Why'd you say you're not doing this though? Like yeah, That's what I Was doing. Not doing it anymore. I've dated an, I'm a quiet dater. And I love that about my life. I keep things very close to the chest. And I've dated enough people in our industry where I'm like, I'm good.


You know. Did you date Drake? Drake? No. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. What Light-skinned. No. You know what He was on That. Was Drake on your mind all the time? No. And I didn't date Drake. But I hosted a show when I first came up called Best Friends Date. And he was on it. Ah, he was like the celebrity guy on it. And I called him Aubrey during that time. So that's probably why. Oh, okay. Yeah. Did you Date Drake? No. No. I did not. Don't don't start rumor when You, when you Google it, it pops up and then does it? Yes. And then you look on the screen, it says right here, it's like she allegedly dated Drake. No, no, No. Never heard that Allegedly Was the most important order That, that's why I asked. They trying to start trouble. Yeah. Yeah. Was it insulting when he said, I can't, you're not married or no way you're not married Or whatever.


No, it was like a, it was a thing of like, nobody, like You know. Nobody asked you yet. Yeah. Like how could you be single? It was that Kind thing. Like there's no way that you, you Are this's. No way. You're single. And this Right. You know I was having fun, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I was single. So the previous Actors that you had dated, were you working with them? Is this, was Nick the first person that you were working with that you actually dated? No. No, no. Okay. This is why you, this is why you said that earlier. Supposed to meet Sense now Sense at the, It makes sense now. It makes sense. Did The other people on set Peep that like, okay, Tika and Nick over there doing something.


Oh my gosh, dude, I,


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guest, the party planning, and the true meaning for the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now's the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally, I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Thinking about things I know that's real specific, but hint, hint. And here's a tip. Write a list and execute early. Find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up. Anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the old new to totally reimagine kicks the dynamic. New exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Well, You know during You know you're in your Justin rooms. Not anything crazy, but Right, right, right, right, right. He, he had my makeup on. Well, Tyler has like a strict, like, you don't mess up my stuff over here. Right. Because if y'all don't get along, my show must go on. That's right. And so he went downstairs to go on set and his nose was brown. Mm. And Tyler's like, what black girl you been kissing? Mm Jesus. He is like, he's like, he knows. He literally knows And. I was like, oh my God. And then he came, he called me. He's like, what are you doing? What's happening? And? I was like, oh, You know I don't know. We we don't know. Yeah. He is just hanging out. Said Tyler Perry Said, we ain't got no blackface Scenes and here what's going on?


Whatcha doing next? It's crazy. He called Tyler. What? Shade Lee. Stain What? Shade. See you stayed. Okay. It's crazy. When I, when I got pregnant, nobody knew that I was pregnant. I get a phone call, Tyler calls me. Are you pregnant? I was not even showing nothing. I just found out like, like literally like, I was probably two months pregnant or a month. So I was something early. Early. Yeah. He called me, he's like, are you pregnant? Something in my spirit is saying that Jesus. I was like, and my mom didn't even know. Mm. Nobody knew except me and Nick. It's crazy. So, and you confirmed it then what? Shooting in I did confirm it. Oh, Was that the movie with Tiffany?


That was with Tiffany. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So who was that with? No, I don't, my timelines are where, yeah, I'm sorry. No, when you have a child, you're like, You know, it's like all love it. Just running down 7, 6, 8, I. Don't know. It was, it was it in the beginning though? So yeah. You know Dr. Umar. I just wanna know if You know him. Is he here? And. I would love to hug him. You and Nick. You and Nick watched Dr. Umar. How does Nick feel about Dr. Nick? Love? First of all, Nick loves you. He brought your book that, my God, he brought your book. And Dr. Umar, I, he I don't think he know. I know Dr. Umar. I love Dr. Umar. Me. I think, look, I I I understand empowerment to our community. It's not like I haven't come from, I have a black mom, a black dad, I have black siblings.


I have a black child. Like I have a lot of blackness in my life. That's right. I give back. I'm creating things for black people. So I'm like, I don't know what he wants me to do. And also I get your ancestors somehow. I dunno what you say, I dunno what he wants me to do. So I'll give to his school like, what do you want? Just tell me. He said, is it coming outta your money or that white man's money? I'm like, it's all green. You know. And When is the first time you heard a Dr. Omar video and you was like, what? The what? Because you got, you gotta feel away when you first Hear it. I'm so interested in, I'm so interested when I hear people are like, black people need to keep it black.


You know. Like, it's like all, like, I'm always interested because I, I understand. Yeah, I understand. Like a communal sense. I understand. I've dated many black men. And, I get it. It's like, it's, it's, it's a great thing. But I feel like one I know he would say, I'm like, people can't, people fall in love with who they fall in love with. Yeah, that's true. But also the percentage of black women to black men. They, we, there's way more of us. There's not one for, and there are people black, most black men are married to black women. That's right. And so, but also there's a lot of single black women who are, the numbers don't match. It's just like, there's not enough of y'all where well, where else are they supposed to go? Hmm. To who else? So like, figure that out, doctor.


So what do You tell a what do you tell a father of four black daughters that possibly might be dating a white boy? What, what would you tell that father? Look to the right. Yeah. Ain't none of my daughters. Do you go to private school? No. They go, oh, okay. They go to all white schools. They're all white schools. Private school. What would you tell, what would you tell that that black man? I mean, I would say, look, the first thing I did ask Nick, I'm like, have you dated anybody other than black people? 'cause I'm not your fetish. Mm. You know what I mean? You Gotta, oh, he might just have great Taste. He does. Okay. And so Talk. He does. I would just, I mean, You know if this person's a good person, just first of all, start there.


Is he kind, is he You know. Have him over. Get to know him. Don't push it away. Like it's not gonna happen because Call face probably will Because then your daughter will rebel. Rebel. Like, bring it in. Bring Dr. Umar To your house. Scare hurry. But, but as much, when you push it away, that's When it's gonna happen. Yeah. Don't put, just bring it in and, and, and allow your kids to talk to you. You know. He, she sees the amazing black man. You are. It doesn't mean that she doesn't value that. Yeah. It's just you like who you like at the moment. And it's moments and times. So I Wonder if those other brothers you were dealing with stepped up.


Did they ever, did they ever, 'cause it seemed like Nick from the beginning knew like he knew. Oh, he Knew. Yeah. Yeah. He knew. When You're making statements like, I can't believe you're not married. That's what's already on your mind. Oh my God, I want you to be my wife. Oh my God. Yeah. I mean, I think people are, I mean, you, you are where you are in life. You're either ready for more or you're not. And I used to say, I say to women all the time, if you don't know where you stand, you stand nowhere at all. You know with somebody. And so I knew And I and you are either afraid to ask the question or you're like, where are we? If you don't Yeah. If you're asking that you don't You know where you are. That's right. Nowhere. That's right. And so You know. And, and some people are ready. And then some people are not. And I was ready when I met Nick and so and so was he.


But the mother Brothers weren't ready when they were dating you. They, They weren't ready. And that's okay though, As they lost. Yeah, that's okay. It Was because Nick got you, Nick proposed to you with a Peloton bike. How true is that On a Peloton bike? No, no. Not with one. He brought One, let I tell it. Yeah. No, he brought, He actually, he proposed when I had the baby. 'cause we already did all the things. Like we had the ba people always think like it, it took us a while to get married because that was my choice. People are like, he ain't married and see that white man You know. I'm like, that's not even it. It's me. We got together, I got pregnant, we bought a house. Like there was so many things happening. I was like, slow down. Got it. Yeah. You was keeping it black. I like it. Yeah.


I was, I was, I was the man. I was that those men who weren't ready for me. That's right. That's right. And. I was like, this is too much. Yeah, it's too much. Yeah. And then we, he proposed on Christmas or like around Christmas, he put the, the ring under my daughter and told me to pick her up. And he had a note and he was down on And. I was like, are you sure? Like, he Was like, I'm A lot. Aw. He's like, I am positive. Yeah. I was like, okay. Cool. So Where did the Peloton bite come in at? He just bought me a Peloton bike. Okay. Yeah, because I've seen a lot. Like he proposed with a bike. I'm like, he not Doing rings. He does these scavenger hunts during Christmas and like he hides stuff and put You know he does all He's thoughtful.


Yeah. Where I'm like, what do you want for Christmas? You know. He is very thoughtful, spontaneous. I'm Be honest. You got a very black name if it's Tika Sumpter James? No, it's Emia. Sumpter Phe. Oh, so It's no James. So You didn't No, it's his, his name is Nicholas Muscarella. Dang. James Muscarella want Ika Muscarella. So, So you feed me as Sumpter Muscarella Ozella mozzarella Ella. Okay. I have the longest Name. It doesn't even fit on like, most of my, when I travel, they're like, the name doesn't fit. Definitely not on tests. When you were a kid. No. What did your family think when they first met him? And what did they think? Because they, they, they're from Queens. So I know family back then. Parents back then were a little racist.


No. Well, my mom, my mom, my You know. My dad passed away when I was 13, unfortunately. And my mom remarried a white guy actually. And so I, when she first brought him, I never saw, like, I was like, what the hell is this? That's What you said. I was scared. I didn't, I didn't know I was around black people all the time. Right. And I was like, who is this? Like, what I didn't understand. And he'd be like, you wanna go get ice cream? I'm like, What? You're scaring me. So Throw me in the back of the police car there. I Didn't know. So my mom was fine with it. My mom got a divorce and she went back and she married a black man who's amazing and they're in a great relationship.


I Saw Dr. Omar Frow and smiling my, She said, so your mama dated white and you dated white yo. It's Like, no, Dr. Dumar, she went back. So she was fine with it. We were fine with it. I love that. I mean, it's nobody You know. I think everybody was like, You know what, You know what is this? Is he serious and what does he want? And all that stuff. But yeah, they were, they were definitely supportive. This might be a stupid question, but is there anything you learned on Mixed Dish that you bring into your, your, your, your your life now? You know, I try not to bring any baggage that I've had onto my daughter.


'cause her her experience is gonna be so different than mine. A lot of different ways. Like I'll, I'll be, we homeschool our daughter now. We took her out of our Oh, nice. Her private school. And she, we read more than ever. We do more math than ever. But we've been reading these Civil rights You know the, actually Nick reads them to her and he, she's like, I love history mom. And she's like, how could somebody not let people sit where they wanna sit? Mm. And one day she came home when she was in school. She's like, mom You know Martin Luther King Junior. Right. I was like, yeah. She's like, No. She think You know him. Yeah. Day You know him. Right. You knew Him. Knew him.


She's like, that man who shot him looked like Dad. Damn Right. Damn. She, I was like, well, calm down. She's like, he looked like dad. I was like, well man, You know kids say the Darnest thing. Jesus Christ. Damn. How did y'all explain that to her? I was like, You Know? I was like, people were crazy. I was like, and yeah. I mean that's what happened. And we talked to our child how we wanna give her. For me, I remember You know you grew up like You know kids aren't meant to talk or just sit there and be quiet.


But I think for me, what I struggled with was not understanding my own emotions as I got older. Yeah. Not being able to communicate with a guy and tell 'em what I actually want. 'cause I'm like, oh, what do I feel? What do I feel? And I want my daughter to be able to express herself. Yeah. And so I don't think she talks back to me. She just asks a lot of questions and she's like, well, I need to understand why this is the way it is or all the things. And so I'm giving her the tools to be able to speak up for herself. And you want, you say you want your kid to have a voice, then you gotta give him a voice. That's right. And to have, and so that's how I feel with my daughter. So we talk about a lot. I Love that we were just having that conversation earlier about emotions. Because You know, they love to say women are more emotional than men, which I don't believe And, I believe.


If you are a man that doesn't know how to You know properly express your emotions. There's there's, there's work you can go do on yourself. Oh my God. For sure. And that's what I mean. I, I started Adventures of Curiosity Cove, which is a kid's podcast that maybe well your how old is your, your not your baby. My son is 12. He's 12. So he wouldn't, but it's about emotional intelligence and it's about, we created all these stories for kids because Ella used to be like, tell us this. Tell me a story. Tell me a story. And now, now she's like, can you put on my podcast while she's in the bath? And but it's these stories that like help kids. She is living the damn life while she in the tub. Can you cut on my Yes. Dang. I know that's right Ella. Yes. Yes, Yes. She is. And she You know it's these stories that for kids that help them with understanding social emotional intelligence.


And so I'm excited about that. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Well Make sure you have, hold on. She got a children's book coming out too called. I Got It From My Mama. I got it from my mama. I got it From my mama. I got it From my mama. Yeah. It comes out next year around Mom's Day. Mother's Day. And you can pre-order it now. But it's really about the idea of like old school parenting mixed with new school parenting and when gentle parenting is not so gentle. And so it's this idea of like this little girl being like, I got this from my mama. I got this. And it shows all these things. I love how she does her hair. And I try. And she sprays this perfume and then I spray my dream. She, all these things she's gotten from her mom. Her mom one day snaps at her and she goes to school and she ends up snapping at somebody like her mom.


And her mom is basically like, where'd you get that from? And she's like, I got it from you mama. Mm. And so it's the idea of mirroring what we see and it's okay as long as you repair it. And so the mom basically takes responsibility and apologizes to her child for snapping And, I think for me, like even to this day, my mom did something to my daughter and she's like, I ain't apologizing. And I'm like, mom, it's okay. It doesn't take anything from you to just apologize. Like, 'cause you're teaching your child That's right. Means your behavior. Behavior. That's right. You know what I mean? Like when you're all, I'm not apologizing, you're a kid. They're growing up thinking they don't need to ap. You're, you're, it's a cycle of You know chaos. You have to break That. Yes. And so for me, it's me.


It's, it's the understanding of newness and, and what that means in parenting. And so it's called, I got it from my mama. So I hope you preorder It. That's amazing. Definitely gonna preorder that. Thank You. What's the greatest piece of advice you got from your mom? Oh man. I don't know if I got the advice, but I saw the advice and my mom is super resilient. And I. See her. I saw her struggle a lot and she never gave up. She knew she had my mouths to feed and she knew that she had to work really hard. And so for me, I feel like the biggest thing a kid could have is resilience. Because if you have that, I feel like you really can. You're not so easy to give up on everything. You know, And, I think nowadays. Even for my own daughter teaching her like, girl, no, you're gonna do this.


You, we made her stay on piano when she didn't wanna do it. And now she's like, she goes downstairs by herself and she just plays a piano and all that stuff. And I'm like, no, you gotta follow through. And so for me, it's never given up. Like my mom never gave up on us and she never gave up on herself. Yeah. I saw you post this on Instagram once And, I thought it was good. You said, would you speak to your best friend the way you speak to your, to yourself. Oh my gosh. I feel like, and and I'm, I'm guilty of this, like, the way we we're so hard on ourselves nowadays and especially like the hustle culture and like You know Jess is doing this Yeah. And Envy's doing that. And you're, you have all these pod like you're doing, we look at all these people and thinking I'm not doing enough, or I'm not enough or I'm not smart enough to do what they do.


Or it's like, do what you do and speak to yourself. You, I would never Jess if we were best friends, I wouldn't be like, You know, I wouldn't be mean to you. Yeah. Right. Or or if you were talking about yourself crazy. I'd be like, are you crazy? You're, you're bo you're amazing. And then we go home and we're like beating ourselves up daily and it's like you just, you're literally whipping your own self. Yeah. You know into a frenzy. And so I just feel like, talk to yourself how you would talk to your best friend. I got A home girl named Rachel. She would like, if, if she heard me talking crazy about myself, she'd be like, don't talk to my friend like that. That's right. That's right. I agree with Rachel. Yep. Rachel and Dr. Umar. That's Right.


And Nick start doing some research and be like, what you mean you agree with Dr. No? He would probably be like, I'd love to have a conversation with him. The first question Dr. Mark gonna have is, so you read your black daughter Civil Rights, how dare you A white man T-shirt. We both do. We both do. I love it. Oh lord, Dr. Mark gonna come after me. Yes. You want more kids? I I, I I don't know if, I don't know if that's in the cards for me. I'm older now and We'll, we'll see what happens. My daughter wants a a, she wants either a dog or a, she does want a sister, but we'll see. I do. Okay. I do Absolutely. Well check out Sonic the Hedgehog three in theaters on the 20th of this month.


And thank you for joining us so much. Oh my. Always a pleasure. Thank you so much. Love you. I love you. Thank you so much. Y'all. You guys do a great job here. You And Nick gotta come up here together. One day I think you, we have Dr. Umma. No, that would be amazing. Be fireworks. Oh Lord Jesus. Actually, him and Dr. Oumar might be best friends. Nick can, he somehow becomes best friends with people. You would never think he like all the blacks. All all the blacks. Dude. Wait, what? Wait. We were at a club in Atlanta one time. This is before we were together. And he's sitting there You know he has this drink is full of black people. Not one. It was probably one other white. And it was his friend who came and he is comfy.


And I'm like, Hey, you, you good? He's like, yeah, what? What? Right? What And? I'm like, oh no. He is comfortable. It doesn't matter who you are. He's very comfortable. So Dr. Umar, you, me and him for lunch, please. He like, What am I scared Of? My ancestors used to have all these scared. She Jesus Christ. Nick gonna have questions after this interview though. I got it from my mama. Oh, your mama was with a white guy and she left the white guy for a black guy. And you want to meet Dr. Umma? What's going on? Crazy. It's Tika Sota. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show, where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And we are the Black Fat Film Podcast, A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh, Chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fan podcast on the iHeartRadio app. I have a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know. That's right.


From Tips for Healthy Living to the latest medical breakthroughs Web MD's Health discovered podcast keeps you up to date on today's most important health issues. Through in-depth conversations with experts from across the healthcare community, WebMD reveals how today's health news will impact your life tomorrow. It's not that people don't know that exercise is healthy, it's just that people don't know why it's healthy, and we're struggling to try to help people help themselves in each other. Listen to WebMD Health discovered on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, my un deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly. Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.