
You're listening To an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the back May 16th on Paramount Plus this season the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation.


To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit


iheartradio.com/earth. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Basketball fans. It's crunch time. The NBA playoffs are heating up and every game is do or die. With the finals on the horizon, there's never been a better time to get in on the action. Right now you can play along with DraftKings Pick six. A fresh way to experience daily fantasy sports. All new customers who pay just $5 will score $50 in bonus picks to keep you locked in all postseason long. Get started. It's simple. Just download the DraftKings pick six app and sign up with code TBC. Pick at least two players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat like when they score 20 points or have three or more assist. Download the DraftKings pick six app now and sign up with cold TBC only on draft Kings. Pick six. The crown is yours.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Snoop No. Yeah. Yay. What's up? What's Up? What y'all The icon living man, how you feel my brother Man. Working hard and hardly working. Happy to be back in the Big Apple Man. You know what I was thinking the other day? I said, man, when Snoop looks in the mirror now who does he see more? Snoop or or or Calvin I think I see a grandfather because like the things that I deal with now, it's like I deal with grandkids, I deal with kids and it's like a perspective that I have as far as like wisdom now.


That's the part that really be throwing me off. 'cause I used to be like, I don't wanna teach you or educate you, but now it's like I love doing it. It's like it's wisdom when you get older you get wiser. And I realize that being a grandfather's like a treat because I remember how great my grandfather was to me Your life changes a lot though. I seen your wife on Big Boy and she was like, Snoop's not allowed to smoke upstairs anymore. 'cause that's where the grandkids are. So, so your life changed a lot, so, so talk about that a little bit. Well adjustments, you know, as you get older you get wiser. You gotta make adjustments for the situation that you in. I got a strong ass wife, you know what I'm saying? Like she really been holding me down for the longest and when she say certain things I don't even go against it. And what's best for the family is what's necessary.


And I just love the fact that I'm able to grow in front of everybody's eyes to to word, to be able to look back and say, well I remember when you was 19 and 20 and you was this and that and now you're this. Just to show an example of you can do the right thing if you put your mind to doing the right thing. Crips can get old Too. Amen. Now I seen Damon Wayne say that grandkids teach you how you should have loved your your kids. The kids. Yeah. Yeah. I say that too. I say what my grandkids, I do a lot of things that I didn't do for my kids and I'm more like softer on them because I feel like they're precious. But my kids, I was hard on them and I'm like, man, was I wrong or right for that? Because the way I was raised, you know, you supposed to put your kids in positions to understand that life is real.


You don't want to set 'em up for nothing. That's fake. But now when it comes to my grandkids, I try to protect them. So it was like, it's crazy to to have that emotion to say, okay, well my kids, I was this way with my grandkids. I'm like, I'm not gonna do that Same thing with them. I'm gonna make sure that I'm able to love them and talk to them and not argue with them. But me and my grandson, we have had a couple of arguments. My oldest grandson, he got a lot of my dna A how old is he? 10. And he says what he feels and he feels what he says. Now with this album here, Snoop, Is it a crime? Is it a crime? Yeah. I feel like listening to the album, like I don't know why but I feel like you have something to prove. Like you wanna prove to people that you can, you can rap and you get busy like, you know, listening to this album last night, I'm like, this ain't no just fun Snoop album.


This is, I wanna show you guys I can spit, I can rap too. You know, I'm a rapper so we competitive. So when you not hearing or seeing then you get to, you know, feeling like maybe I need to try one more time or get back into what I do. I'm a mc And I love to rap. I love to make music and people love my voice and they love when I make great records and when I don't make re great records, people let me know that as well. So it, I hear all of that and it makes me say to myself, I should treat myself like a musician and not like a rapper. Because if you are a musician, you can make music until you die. But when you're a rapper they try to put a cap on you. So I'm in the musician mind state of, you know, whatever feels good to you must be good for you.


And when I make music sometimes it's good for you. What, what, what was missionary to you? Missionary was Dr. Dre Snoop Dogg getting together for the first time in 20 something years, allowing Dr. Dre to produce Snoop Dogg for the first time. And what Emini here by produce Emini here by producing like say for instance I was an RB singer and they'll present an RB singer a song and say I need you to sing this song exactly like that. That's what missionary was. Songs being presented, spirits of Dr. Dre driving and leading and producing Snoop Dogg for what he thought was best for him at the time. The first records that we did together, he was a producer, I was the rapper.


I would rap, spit motion, feel he would take that and create it and make it into what it was. This was the first time that I was not writing my own material, allowing them to take the lead because I believe in Dr. Dre and when he drives I sit in the passenger seat and that was a project that he drove. So I got back into my seat and let him drive. Do you think y'all, y'all created an impossible, an impossible bar for yourselves with the chronic, with doggy style with 2001? Absolutely. I don't think it's an impossible bar. I just think it's the times. You gotta understand when those records came out, rap wasn't popular. So we wasn't fighting against 400 rappers that was coming out with a album every day. And the sound that we had was original and it was unique and it wasn't no mimicking or duplicating.


So you had a chance to understand what real music sounded alike. There's a cloud right now where it's a lot of music that sounds alike, A lot of artists that sound alike. When I came up it wasn't two rappers that sounded alike. I can name five that sound alike right now and you can too. Absolutely. It's not a bad thing, it's just you was able to clearly see and hear what was great. Right now you have to fight through so much to find out what's great. Mm. So to me missionary is great when you catch up to it. If you don't catch up to it, then it ain't meant for you. Yeah, I, it is interesting because when I hear it's the crime immediate slaps hard, you know what I'm saying? No that's hard. Like from the time you put it on.


Yep. Immediate slaps Missionary is definitely one of them ones that I think musically over time people will grow to appreciate. Yeah. I think it's like say for instance with an orchestra and then is it a crime? It's like in the hood, you know? But I can do 'em both. We can do 'em both because you gotta look at our careers like we've actually done enough to what we don't have to do anymore. Y'all don't, you ain't gotta do nothing because It's like when you do, they're gonna always judge or compare it to that bar. The chronic doggy style, chronic 2001, that's a bar that's kind of unreachable. But I don't make records to try to outdo what I did. I make records for the moment. People forget that how much respect that you have for for BIG. Right. What?


Listen to this album And I see you taking clips and bits of hair and it makes me realize like, damn Snoop really respected that man's craft and and really loved him as an artist. But If you knew when he was alive he respected my craft. I'm sitting in the crib Dream and Ball Lynn Jetson coops. So, and how to sell records like Snoop. Oops. Yep. Oops. Yep. So it's, it's mutual. Like there's now it's nothing wrong with showing love but back then it was frowned upon if I said I got love for him and he got love for me. But we didn't care. We both went on a limb and and allowed people to know that I got love for this man And I have no problem with saying that standing on that it is who I am And I'm glad that I was able to do that.


So it's documented, it's testimony. It is what it is. You can't fix that and you can't change that Emini here. You still the bar for a lot of rappers now, but back then you definitely had to be the bar 'cause you sold what, 800,000 records in your first week? Like that was the most records of debut artists had ever sold period in music. But see no rappers were doing that. Remember that was a physical day. That's What you had to go to the store and buy purchase, wait online. It wasn't no cloud. It was like stand in line, go get it, open it up, touch it, feel it, pass it to the home Grill, let them have it. Gimme my thing back. Like all of that now it's just, it's in the cloud. And that you did that for two weeks in a row, right? What? When you back then you sold 800,001 week and 800,000 the very next week or something.


They told me that record did a whole lot and then I don't even check on it. Right. So now that I got Death Row records as the owner of the label, I get numbers now. So they telling me that doggy style is getting close to 10 million sold over worldwide. Wow. And I thought it just was going to, alright we did 4 million, we good. I'm like, I didn't understand that it's gonna keep selling and selling and when I do this it makes it sell. When I did the Super Bowl, it sold more when I'm doing this. So it was like those records that are timeless, if you own those records, they'll continue to make money. Especially when you got TikTok and all these other little platforms. But kids will take a record that's old to you but it's new to them and they'll bring it to life. Me and OG Snoop were sexy.


Right. I knew you was gonna go to that record. Yes. I just Knew you was gonna go to that particular record. Jesse Used to get Everything go all the way to song 15. Like Because you talking about this old nigga shit man I want look, I wanna jump Into shit. Look at record is called me og Damn. But I love it though. I love it, I love it. But I, you know that's I, I wanna know how did that come about? Like the, how was the vibe in the studio with Sexy? Now look, sexy Red is the homegirl. I love her to death. Yeah. Now how we got together was she was coming to LA and needed a studio and my studio is close proximity to LAX offered her to use the studio When she come over, you know my family, we don't do nothing but hospitably make you feel at home.


It smells good. We got blankets, food, we got game room. So we just giving her the blue carpet treatment and she just loving every minute of it. So I'm like Bro, let's go in the studio. We in the studio and we just talking and she asking me questions about my career. Like you know unc, you tight, how you be doing this and that. We get past that. I'm like, what's up with a record? She like, you wanna do one? I'm like, hell yeah, put on a track. She ain't feeling it. I'm like damn. So I gotta call all my homies that make the kind of music that she like. So one of the homies sent some beats. She listening when she hear the beat she like, she grab her phone and she kicked them first bars off and then she said, I'm like, oh she really get, damn. She go in the booth, she spit it, I spit mines, we listen to it and we vibing And then she come back to the studio like a week straight and we just bonding like uncle and niece.


It's just a relationship that we build. And I don't know why I always find the artist when they at this point and I'm a part of their life and then when they get all the way up there, it's like we've already bonded. That's what I feel like. She like my little sister. I love her. I love how she get down. How she just, she just remind me of me like how she just don't give a fuck. She just bang. And she's approachable. She's lovable. Yeah. And her music is the shit. So it was one of those things where it was a moment that we captured just because I was being hospitable to let her use the studio and then the record came about. 'cause we just naturally connected with each other. My spirit is open. I've always been like that. I don't frown upon the new MCs, the new girls.


I like, I open up to everybody. If I don't like your thing, you'll never know it publicly. Does anybody charge Snoop for to be on their records anymore? Or is it one of those things that that's unc we not charging Unc It's like it's a love thing with me. Like they already know sometimes like if you got a lot of money then I may want a little bit. But if you know the label got a budget, might as well. That's what I'm trying to Say. But if you one of them artists that's like, you know you putting it on on yourself, you independent like La Russell for example from the Bay Luther La Russell can't wait. Y'all got the record. Yeah. Can't wait. You got a record with me And I got a record on his album. No paperwork, no money. That's my nephew. Like it'd be like that sometimes.


Like you supposed to just do that. 'cause you, if you love what you do, it ain't always about financial. Sometimes it's about bonding and showing love. Yeah. On West Up you say, why should I retire? Why the fuck should I retire homie? It's our time West Up Nickel Do Do you feel like the West Coast is having some type of Renaissance right now, Don't you? Yes. Yeah. Emini here. I feel like to me the West ain't never left. But I've always been a person that, Are you kidding me? There's never been this many West coast records on radio at Time and, and trust me it's not A lot now it's just Kendrick. No, but it's, that's just the point when Dre, Snoop, Tupac, all of us was in our heyday. It wasn't spinning like that because it still was some hesitation on we ain't fucking with them, we ain't playing that shit. Them niggas ain't here. We ain't playing it. Like y'all know the rule when they leave, turn that shit off Now.


Now it's like it stays on. So I'm like I can't believe they actually really playing. This is what, what I really love about New York radio. When y'all started opening up to the south, I don't really care about us 'cause we was gonna make ours. But when y'all opened up to the south, that made me know that the hip hop game was expanding because y'all used to shit on them. Bad. Bad. And we, they cousins so we used to feel it the second half of it. So when y'all allowed them to come in and get they expression off, that's when I was like, it's some great things happening in New York because it gives the game a chance to expand and not be trapped. Now look at what hip hop is now. It's global but Also New York ain't had no choice 'cause New York music started to do this and everybody else started to do that. They ain't had what? What else they gonna play Snoop?


We was, We was forced a little bit. But you know what, I think New York was so influenced by the South, right? Like a lot of the artists started sounding like southern artists. But I I I'm with you. I think I just think it is just dope that people get their feelings out in their expressions out and we could ride to regardless. So even At the peak in the nineties, right? I don't even wanna call it the peak 'cause y'all was, y'all been going for a long time. But when you know it was the, the chronics and the doggy styles and Pac was out. This right moment right now feels was not like this bigger than that. No. Oh because we had a bunch of us right now. It's like Kdot is standing up top. At that time we was all on the mountaintop. Like you got Cube Fody Show Dog Pound.


This just was just a west coast. Every heavyweight right now Kendrick is the heavyweight. So it's like that's why I'm coming back so I can get his back to let him know that the OG stand with him and got his back. You understand what I'm saying? That's what we do as musicians. We put our flags down and we let people know that we do make great music representing our coast. But it's not a coastal thing 'cause we make music for everybody. Did y'all ever talk after he dropped whacked out murals? For what? Emini here just to have a conversation. What? Instead of talk about That's my little homie. He spoke his mind. He said what he said like, and and like I said earlier, like as an older guy, sometimes we don't have radar on what we doing just so y'all can know the scenario of what happened.


It was a repost from Gin and Juice. That who Kid sent me. Damn who Kid. But it had that song in it. I don't even know what the fuck the song was. I just reposted on my shit 'cause it's my brand. Then when I get wind of it naturally I reach out to nephew, let him know my bad. I didn't mean that. And naturally he responded to what he responded. But we, we family. Like you can't have a spat or a misunderstanding with your brother, your cousin. Of course that's how it's supposed to be. It ain't supposed to get no bigger than that. It's supposed to be understood what's understood. Don't need to be explained. See a big dog can get checked if it's by the right person. If he got the right intellect. There's nothing wrong with being properly put in place if you outta place.


That's what's wrong with half of us. That we feel like the young generation can't tell us nothing. You used to be young too and you had a mind and you had a spirit. And sometimes the young generation can teach the old dog a new trick if he willing to listen. Now you also on the album, you talk about Warren G catalog that you have and some new music. Warren No, Nate Dogg. Nate Dogg. I said New Warren G Nate Dogg. You have Nate. So talk about that. So you have a, how many Nate Dogg songs do you have and how many are coming out? What's the plan for that? Because you say it on the album. What'd I say? I don't remember the exact line. But you talk about Nate Dogg's having some Nate Dogg music. I said I got Nate Dogg catalog in the pipeline. Pipeline. Yeah. Warren G told you to get what's mine? I got Nate Do catalog pipeline. Right.


So basically what that is, it's more about lining up business for us to be able to own our thing. Nate Dogg's estate is what his family Warren Jesus with his mines is. With mine. It's just a line of ownership. You understand what I'm saying? Teaching ownership through lyrics. Because a lot of us make records, get our P chin up and then we sell it and then we think we did a good thing. And when you sell that, okay, if you get a hundred million, what state you live in? Okay, knock off some taxes for that. Okay? How many family members you got? How many people in your family not working? Okay half that's gone when you could have been having a pipeline forever. Forever and ever and ever that your family can eat off of forever.


Snoop Dogg ain't sold his publishing. Snoop Dogg own his label. So it's teaching a lot of people selling their things. But what does that lead for the generation after you like, think about the families that have those names where their family members are still eating Bob Marley. You can go to the Hiltons, you can go to the, the crafts. You can just big bigger names. Rockefellers Waltons. Yes. Yes. Where it's like they don't even know they greatgrandfather Na Eden. Like it's supposed to be some of that. 'cause we put all this work in now as a owner, it's my job to make sure that I teach and that I have And I can show how to leave generational wealth.


You know that's, that song is called Sophisticated Cripping. And and you do say Warren G said get guess what get, get Warren G said Guess what? Get what's mine. What does Warren G mean to you? Warren G Probably the best friend that I got that only me and him understand each other. Like the passion that Warren G has for me and had for me as a artist in the beginning is it's like Don King, like a promoter who promotes a fighter. Like believing in Snoop before anybody else and then seeing Snoop do what he does and still having that believability and watching our friendship grow into like grown men and fathers and losing people in our lives.


You know, when he lost his mom, I didn't understand what I was there for him. Then when I lost my mom, I didn't understand he was there for me. There's been certain situations where we have become super close behind tragedy and behind love. And then at the same time, you gotta look at this music industry. This music industry is trifling. It's crazy. You think about how he brought me to death row, but death row didn't sign him. That's crazy. So there's a lot of animosity and frustration and anger in him off of that. Not at me, but at the situation and at home. And as a artist, if you pushing for me, you want for me to do this, but as a artist I'm feeling fucked up because they left my homeboy out.


So it's like these are things that we never had a chance to like fully get an understanding on because it's pain. It's like the pain I had to deal with when I went through whatever I went through. Sometimes as men we know how to express that, but as a friend we always there for each other. So if I can make that as the point, our relationship is like that. Where it's more getting into life rather than music and fun. Because I saw something recently, he was doing an interview and he said he felt snubbed during the Super Bowl performance. But then he also said, I just wanted to be there while they was making missionary. He was like, I don't want no money or nothing like that. I just wanted to kick it with my people.


Well you know how it is when you in the studio sometimes. But here's what I wanna say. His relationship with Dr. Dre, it's his relationship. His relationship with me is our relationship. When I'm working with Dr. Dre, I don't bring nobody with me. Mm. I bring myself. 'cause I'm not responsible for nobody but me. Now, if Dr. Dre wants people to come, that's his job to say, I need this person and that person. I've always been that way when it, when it's time for me to do a job. I don't like bringing shit to the job that I'm gonna be accountable for. All I could be accountable for is me. So when I come to work, I show up by myself. When I work with Pharrell, by myself, Dr. Dre, by myself, certain motherfuckers, I don't bring that with me because I don't know what you going to do or how you going to act.


So when I'm going to work, when you go to work, who you bring with you Just my brother Who you, who you coming to work with Myself. God. See what I'm saying? So it's like imagine you gotta go. I I'm finna go to work right now. Y'all come on. How much Work you gonna really get done? Yeah, yeah. You know, I wanted to ask, you know, as a og, you know back then dealing with the press and, and and public was easier, right? It was magazines channel 11, news is gone. But now you got social media. So when you look at all the stuff that you do, you know, whether it's the football league that got so many kids in the NFL and the give backs and all the things that we can go on and on and on, and then you hear people's opinions on when you did the crypto ball.


Does that bother you? No, it's, I call it 30 for 30. Let me explain that to you. I DJ'ed at the crypto ball for what, 30 minutes. Made a whole bunch of money, made a lot of relationships to help out the inner city and the community and teach financial literacy in crypto in the space that it don't exist. That's 30 minutes, 30 years. Snoop Dogg been doing great things for the community building, showing up, standing up for the people, making it happen, being all I can be. So which one is it 30 for 30, 30 minutes or 30 years? Hmm. Oh is it a crime? Nope. I hated that man. I ain't gonna lie. I hate it. I didn came at you And I And I And I love how, I love how my people defended me, but I didn't give y'all no ammunition.


Meaning that I never said nothing. Yeah. So it was kind of becoming like, damn man, y'all keep riding on dogging And I ain't finna have that. Y'all can't. But damn he ain't saying nothing. So it's like I can't fight for another man that ain't gonna fight for himself. So tomorrow is it a crime I'm fighting, You know? And then they kept taking the video saying, well he said this about Trump back then, but then he dj what do you, it's not, you didn't endorse nobody, you just de you DJ a party. But those are bots and then there's entertainers who was getting behind it and trying to make something out of it. Which to me is like most of those guys, they live off of the internet and live off of that energy. The things that I do, if even if I would've done it for him and hung out with him and took a picture with him, can't, none of you motherfuckers tell me what I can and can't do.


But I'm not a politician. I don't represent the Republican party, I don't represent the Democratic party. I represent the motherfucking gangster party. Period. Point blank and G shit. We don't explain shit. So that's why I didn't explain, that's why I didn't go into detail when motherfuckers was trying to counsel me and say he a sellout. Even on my Instagram page, like after that I would post shit And I would see motherfuckers like, oh he a sellout. You know what I would do? Jump right in they motherfucking DM with a video. You bitch ass nigga who sat them niggas shut Your bitches Snoop, Snoop Dogg, nigga what you want do. Guess what they would do? I'm a fan. Oh man, I'm just a fan man. I didn't really, I'm sorry man, Snoop, I just, yeah nigga, you got me fucked up nigga I jump all off in your shit nigga and talk to you face to face.


Don't hit me on. No, he'll sell out on Instagram or this and that because I'm really engaging like that. You know what I'm saying? And my work should speak for me. Like don't take my personal or my business and try to involve it in my life on who I am as a person. The things that I do in real life should matter to you more. You understand what I'm saying? Not what I do when I'm DJing or making music or doing this and that. What is he like as a real person? When you walk up on Snoop Dogg, what is his energy? What is his aura? What is that that you get from me? Some people were saying that that was, that was Trump cashing in a favor because Harry o got pardoned and you were instrumental in his Harry o getting pardoned And I here I don't, I don't know if that's true but that's what well the internet rumor was the Internet love sparking things.


But Trump did get Harry O out. That is a fact. That is a fact. And I


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fa, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I found out I was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I Am talking to a felon right now And I cannot decide if I like him or not. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take real phone calls from anonymous strangers all over The World as a fake gecko therapist and try to dig into their brains and learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's pretty interesting if you give it a shot. Matter of fact, here's a few more examples of the kinds of calls we get on this show. I live with my boyfriend And I found his piss jar in our apartment. I collect my roommate's toenails and fingernails. I have very overbearing parents, even at the age of 29, they won't let me move out of their house. So if you want an excuse to get out of your own head and see what's going on in someone else's head, search for therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. It's the one with the green guy on it.


Yo ki, it's your Boy Bohan. And I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go.


I perform at the crypto ball for David Sachs, who's been a friend of mine for 15 years who was head of the cryptocurrency situation that was put into that position. So it was more or less a relationship that I had with Charlamagne. And Charlamagne was put into office by the president, but Charlamagne's been my friend for 15 years and me and Charlamagne been getting money together and we working this crypto thing that nobody know about. And then Charlamagne say, Hey dog, I got this crypto play that's gonna bring some money back to the hood. Cool. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm with you. You helping the hood out. Not knowing that the hood gonna talk. Like What does that part work when I'm trying to help y'all? But y'all talking, that's why a lot of times when people make it, they don't come back.


Dang. For that reason. It's the truth Y'all. I love it. You got so many business ventures, yo, like limitless, right? How the hell, what made you say like, I want a hockey team, I wanna own a hockey team. It's different, Jess, you gotta think out of the box. They ain't gonna let us own no football team on no basketball team. So I gotta go in an area where I could possibly actually own a lot of it. You know, the people that own teams in those worlds that I just said, they don't own 50% of them. They own pieces, little small increments. I'm trying to get 60, 70%. Yeah. So that way it's really a ownership. You know what I'm saying? That's, And I looked at that sport as wow, that's a great sport that nobody's paying attention to.


That has not been brought to that level. There's no star power there yet. I've always thought about businesses and, and places that haven't been affected yet. I don't want to be in a lane where it's already working. We want to go somewhere where it ain't working so we can create a whole new avenue. Do you understand hockey? Do you watch hockey or Oh yeah Man, I done been part of hockey for like 13, 14 years. Like going to games. They call, they have me calling the games like in La Emini here. The whole thing at the King's games. Well you are you surprised of of how far this kid from California went? Like I, it's, it's almost like you know, you, you are family so we look at you as unc, but when I seen you hosting the Olympics, yo, I'm like, this is amazing.


Yes. Like this. It is. You know, and you're talking about sports that I've never seen before. Heard. So how has that experience? It's a dream come true. I'm just living my life man. My mother put the spirit in me. She put the spirit in me as a kid to, to do the best things that I can do while I'm on this earth. And I understand why I'm here now. I mastered loving me and loving people. Used to be a time where I was trying to figure that out and the moves that I made ruffle finger ruffle feathers because people was like, you supposed to be gangster homie, why you being so nice and so cool? But to me that is gangster. You know what I'm saying? Gangster ain't pressing nobody smashing on somebody. 'cause we know the results of that. Gangsters being approachable, lovable and still being respectable.


What, what part of your story do you think people misunderstand the most and do you even care to correct them about it? I don't think, there's no misunderstanding in my story. I think there has been transparency from day one with me. I've been an open book. That's why people love Uncle Snoop because they can touch him. Like when they start calling me unc, that shit blew my mind. 'cause I was still in like my thirties. I'm like why these niggas calling me Unc? But I had to understand that anytime somebody was my uncle, I fucking respected them. If I called you unc, I respected you. Charlie Wilson was the first person I called UNC in this industry, uncle Charlie. And I started to feel like, damn am I becoming him? So it was like, it was more about respect and understanding that when you love yourself, people will love you back and be a vessel of information.


Don't be disgruntled because you got done wrong or you didn't get this. Show them how to do it and show them how to get it right without running into them. Same walls you did Man, we, we watched you evolve It feel like we were, we feel like we've watched you live so many different lives. Was there ever a version of you that was hard to let go of? Yeah, I think the, that that gangster shit was hard to let go. 'cause I was fooled. I was fooled to thinking that it was making me who I was And I was like, it was so much shit happening around it. And when I had to make a decision of, okay, I can't live like that no more. It was kind of hard to let go because it meant that I had to let the homies go.


Mm. I had to let the relationships go. 'cause if you gonna cut ties, you gotta cut ties with it all if you wanna separate. Did they understand that? No way. Hey, no way. No understanding. But you teach understanding by being an example. Now they fully understand it. I got homies now that did 20 something years and when they get out, all they want to do is right. I got homies that went in as real riders and, and bang bang when they get out, they want to do the right thing they want to do. How you do it, how do we live? Right? I'm going to school. I'm, I got a bike, I'm riding, getting my education. I'm trying to get me a degree. Like these is real bonafide gang bangers that my example is showing them that they can do something. So that, that means The World to me.


You know on the album you talk about one of your biggest regrets was not squashing out things with pop. Yeah. That still sits with you to this Day. It do. It do. Because he was really my friend and you know, you guys sometimes motherfuckers be talking like they don't really know. But that was my friend and he was like dear to me. And anytime you got a relationship with somebody and it's like it's working, it's going good and then y'all get an argument, then a nigga die. Like come on man. I, I didn't even get a chance whether I was wrong or right just to be able to get that follow up because that's how we was.


We would always follow up or either have some sort of, you know, connection And I didn't get that. And then it was a lot of turmoil and then the death row niggas was hating on me and this and that. So it kind of like pushed the spirit in a different way. But the beautiful part was his mother was still here And I got a chance to hug her and talk to her and get, you know what I'm saying, the approval from her, which was his spirit because he was always connected to her. So that gave me half clarity on where I was with him because his mother always had love for me. When you, I guess you're speaking about forgiveness. Is forgiveness something you give easily or something you struggle to offer even to yourself?


I'm a, I'm a Libra so I forgive very easy, but it's a time when my forgiveness runs out. Mm. Because I'm so for forgiven and it's like you can't just keep using me knowing that I'm gonna always give you that at a certain point in time. I gotta put the wall up to let you know that I forgave you. It's in God's hands now. Mm. How do you even for forgive yourself. And I just live. That's what we supposed to do. You know? I know I'm gonna make some mistakes every day And I know I'm gonna get it right every day. It's just a matter of how many times I'm gonna make those mistakes and how many times I'm gonna get it Right. Was was the record my friend was that hard to write? Oh my god.


Wow. Danon Porter sent me that record and when he said it to me, he was crying on the track. You could hear him crying like before he do his hook, certain pieces. And it took me like six days to even write my first couple of lines. And then when I rolled him, I went in the booth And I was like, my spirit was like sad. I was like I can't be crying singing this song. So then I got my spirit right, put the lyrics down and then I sent it to Danon and he tells me, man, I didn't tell you but I lost my brother too right after yours. And I'm like, damn. It just was like the spirit of both of us losing, losing our brothers, me writing this lyrics to this song.


And then it was the point of listening to the song. I swear to God man, I cried like the first 20 times I heard this song, I just, it was one time I was listening to it and my wife was in there with me. She just just got behind me like I was a little baby and just was holding me and just rubbing my back. I'm like man, this is tough. 'cause when you lose people as an artist, like you gotta hold it in and be like, yeah rest in peace. But that one was tough. This was my little bro, you know what I'm saying? Wanted to be like me had him on a roll with me moving with me all of the above. And this record, it's like when I sing it, when I hear it, it just was touching an emotion that had never been touched before.


And I more than my mother, like even more than my mother. And it was like, okay, I just got past the point now where I could listen to it and watch it without crying. But if the wrong people in the room, I'm gonna cry. You think you'd be able to perform it? No way. No way. It's it's, it's that deep. And I never thought I would make a song like that. That would make me cry. Nigga you crying nigga off of your own song. I'm open like that When You pause, pause. So you know you niggas be using that one. You ain't gotta pause that one. Young niggas ain't gonna get me. Nigga. Pause. When you lost people like that, that close to you, like do you ever feel alone?


Like because you snoop right? You walk in the room, you a icon, people idolize you. But when you in a room full of people do you, do you still feel alone because you don't have those people? That's that that was that close to you? I think it just, it's certain, you know what music sparks that? Certain songs. Like if these three words come on, oh I'm gone, I'm gone. These three words because it's, it's when the last time that they heard him say your mother and your brother, it's like why is you come on Stevie, you hurting me right now. Like that record right there when it comes on, I don't care where I'm at. I could be in a gang meeting, a real serious gang meeting and they be like, yeah cool.


We finna go on a mission and hey man, time out man to meet. No It's One of them records man. Has anybody ever tried to outs smoke you? Yes. And them niggas died like you know how many Yes. You know how many people that they tried to out smoke me. It was this one girl that wanted to smoke with me and we had like a guitar like right over there. So she's smoking with me all of a sudden she fall bam. And her wig is stuck in the guitar. No Man and niggas like help her out. We like no leave her ass over there nigga. She wanted to smoke with it dog. Like we like I get challenged all the time and my thing is, you know, do your thing. You Fucked The World up one good time when you, when you did that commercial or you know you put, you put on your, your, your story, your Instagram that you was, you were gonna stop smoking weed.


Yeah. You thought I had cancer or some shit. Huh? You just thought the worst. Shit Everybody was like, everybody was like, I'm not smoking no more. Snoop's quitting. I'm quitting. Like I see so many people say they were Quitting. Nigga I got a call from an athlete. I ain't gonna say his name but this nigga's a real big athlete. That nigga said I need to know why you stop so I can stop. Damn I had to hit him. I said niggas emotion from my Meek mill was out there like I'm quitting too. Everybody every but coy, leray, everybody see, Let you know the dog has a strong Absolutely You do. Right. They'll follow. Did they all give you the middle finger after like they was was Mad? They was mad but some of my businesses like double Dutch told me they thought I like my cannabis businesses.


They was, they was in shock because that's what a lot of money I making. They was like, this nigga stop smoking. And I didn't tell 'em shit though. So when they finally got the word they was like oh my god, we thought we was gonnaa lose the business. I'm like nah, just Work Yo. So I'm tell all my team what I do sometimes, sometimes I'm just a spontaneous type of person where I gotta like, I'm instinct. I go, I based off of instinct. I remember I met you yo, I was so starstruck. This is the craziest thing right? I met you at Kevin Hart and Jeff Flanigan had a LOL party in LO in la Right. And I came and it was you, your wife, a few people. It was just you, your wife and like two other people in the section. And I, I was just standing And I was like oh my god, oh Snoop.


And he was like, Jeff come here. What's up? And then I tried to be like cool and hit his blunt yo. I was stuck right there the whole fucking time stuck on stupid. Just dead. They left him, his wife left. I'm still in the section. You still talking stupid. I swear yo. I was like yo, I know I'm embarrassed. Shit I got so many things I wanna ask him but I can't. I'm too high. That's exactly what the fuck Emini Here. That's what it's supposed to be, Jeff. Yeah, but it was lit, Stuck like a statue. I was Amy come back get me yo. I just, they left. They left you. You here smoking And I was right chilling. Which Cleaver did that to me one time too. You smoke it High. I'm as a motherfucker right now. Does it take a lot or you Nah, Emini here.


I think it's, it's the weed I smoke get me there quick, you know what I'm saying? I smoke death row weed. It's available in stores everywhere. One time you told me don't ever smoke moon rock. Oh Please don't. I'm gonna tell you that again nigga please go. That shit got so much shit in it. I don't know what is in there. Yeah, yeah. It get you fucked up. I don don't want to be that high. Yeah. So you do get too high. You haven't got too high. You debt I guess. I don't like that. I don't like it at all. And you Don't get, I heard you don't like Edibles. No way Uhuh. No way Uhuh. That's all I like is edibles. I can't be in control no more. Yeah. Too long. Take my whole body and just damn. Don't Like that. See that's how I get when I smoke and see I the edibles gimme time. The edible get me, gimme time to get goofy. You know what Emini here, yo yo Metabolism is different than mines when it comes to intake.


Who the Hell gave you an edible? I, you know what I, I ate something and didn't know that it was in there. Mm. You know confused. Oh man. That's The one that's kind, You know what I'm saying? People like making shit and nigga eating And I dog don't eat that. Why? Oh shit. Fuck. Was it somebody rich that gave you that? 'cause you know, in the future if shit go bad for you you just, I don't fuck with rich niggas like that. Okay. In the future you could just sue him later. Nah, you know Fat Joe. I saw Fat Joe saying 'cause he got the new pod with him and Jadakiss and he said Kendrick Lamar surpassed you in Tupac as the most dominant rappers of the West coast. What, what Are your thoughts on that? He can't say that he not from the west coast.


Hmm. You And that's no disrespect, that's just facts. Like you can't say that 'cause you're not from the west coast. You would have to ask the West coast. That's like me coming out here saying that Jay-Z ain't the king or whoop whoop whoop. I don't know who run New York this, this y'all's, but I do know when it come to the west coast everybody riding with Kendrick hands down and it's been that way. So he is the king that is no doubt he is the king. But as far as what Fat Joe said, you would have to ask the whole West coast and the West coast would have to give you because you got certain people from the Bay who ride with the Bay. You understand what I'm saying?


So it's like it's, we love what we love but you can't say that if you not from that. I couldn't come out here and say who's the king of New York when I don't live here And I don't have a personal opinion from the people who actually run New York And saying surpasses that's a strong, strong word. It really is Kendrick one than one. Don't get me wrong. But you know, y'all have stood the test of time. Even, you know, PAC is immortal. We Talking about 30 Years Of being on top. Yeah. And I, in the middle or down there, it ain't never been a time where I was down there. I've always been up there. Even when my records wasn't hot, you think about everything I done from the chronic to now you can go to dog father and say, yeah, that wasn't all that, but Snoop still was doing other things.


You can go to no limit and say it wasn't all that, but it was other things happening other than music. So it's always been a moment of he's always been here and it ain't reliant upon music. So until other things happen outside of music, then we can't use that word surpass. That's just my opinion. Absolutely. What, what do you hope your grandkids say about you when you, when, when you no longer here? Thanks for the, thanks for the buildings, the money, destruction and all that. Well, you know, my oldest grandson, he had did an interview when he was like eight years old and he was like, what do you love about your grandfather the most? He said, he pays all our business. And I was like, that was the greatest answer that I, I love hearing that from my grandson because I love responsibility And I love the fact that they know that I'm there for them.


So when they get to a point to take care of themselves, they'll know what it feels like to have somebody who had they back, who was up close and personal, real with them. My grandfather meant The World to me. I used to watch wrestling with him. The T-Bird played the green onion, put 40 fives on for him. All of those experiences that I had with my grandfather, I'm giving to my grandkids And I hope one day that they say that, man, my grandfather gave me so much to run with that I'm able to make moves bigger than the moves that he made. Hmm. Do Do you think you've already fulfilled your purpose or are you still searching for what God really put you in today? I know what I'm here for. I put a gospel album out on April 27th from the spirit of my mother on death row records.


Who would believe that? So I understand what I'm here for. I know I'm one of them chosen ones. I know what my spirit is here to do. Been through the fire so I can get to the light. And I just know that I'm being used for a certain reason. I know I'm an angel. I know that they put this kind of pressure on the ones that can handle it the most. I know that what my purpose is, I know why so many people love me and magnate to me. So I do the the right things and try to stay on the right side. You know, I do wrong every once in a while that's part of life, but I try to do more. Right. And try to be an example of what you supposed to be. Is there a moment you wish you could relive? Not to change it but just to, to feel it more deeply? Oh man.


Falling in love with my wife for the first time. That was a beautiful moment right there, man. I have butterflies in my stomach and all kind of stuff like, like just that pure feeling of that. Going back to that. 'cause after you have so much success you forget about what regular stuff feel like. That was special man. Just thinking like man, I'm gonna get to do it to her. Jesus Christ. That's beautiful. Now y'all got a whole legacy. I'm saying that's right. That moment led the legacy. Yeah man. That's Right. The album is out this Friday. What you wanna hear off the album? We gonna play what you wanna hear.


What Joints You? It's your album man. Man, let's play you on my all with Akeem Ali. You like Ta Man That nigga cold. I thought he was Wayne at first. I was like who is That? Wait till you see the video nigga. I went back to the seventies on each nigga. Is it a crime is hard too though. Is It a crime? Is hard. Hard Is is Akeem? He he on death row? Not yet. Okay, okay. You see I say Yeah, yeah, yeah. He fits though, don't he? He Hard. Yes. After a Oh you from Atlanta? You didn't know that? Nah, I never, I never heard. I literally thought it was Wayne's. I'm like that. Damn. He sound like Wayne. But I'm like, nah, ain't Wayne Look him up. He got cold videos. Where he he just a player? He he a cold player. Alright. Wait, How'd you meet him? Sweet Lou Williams basketball player brought him to me.


But I was a fan of him 'cause I was watching him on Instagram Do his little get down and Sweet Lou brought him to me about four years ago and we just jailed. I'm like, this nigga's a player. He, he's a musician. He's sharp. He, I like his style, like his get down and he ain't afraid. Like I say, I always be getting with people in the beginning. I don't know how, for some reason I find them, they find me and then before you know it, they become future. They become W Khalifa. They become big artists. Like I don't even know if y'all know it or not on Future's first album. My homeboy DJ Funky. I was in Atlanta in a hotel. He was like, man, I got this artist named Future. He wants you on the album. I said, how much you got? He said he got 7,500.


I said, bring that shit nigga To the hotel. And nigga came to the hotel with one of these mics, nigga and put that motherfucker up. And I was on my one knee on the side of the bed dropping that motherfucking verse to that shit. As soon as I finished, I'm like, then five years later, nigga Future was the biggest nigga in The World. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And it fucked me up. It was like, damn. It's moments like that throughout my whole career where it's always been that young artist that either somebody put me in touch with it, either I find them, we do something and then look at where's Khalifa? That motherfucker gone. Gone. He Gone. And I love it. Alright, well let's play both.


Alright, yeah, let's get the record. Let the crime of October, London and play. Alright. And then the third one played me and OG Snoop. Okay. Sexy. She want to turn around. Well tell him about who's on the on the death row roster now before we get into the joints. We got October, London, He been up here. He get busy. Love that. I love that. Charlie Burrell outta Pasadena. R and b Old School, Jane Hancock, r and b outta Richmond, California. Those are my rock solid acts that I stand on right now. But I have other artists that are associated with the label that will eventually get you guys ear and attention.


Don't really like speaking to things that ain't on the radar. Gotcha. You know we don't talk about it. We like to be about it. And what I like about October is I was watching when he first dropped and some it was y'all show and the girl was like the rebirth of Marvin. She was like, oh he already done messed up. Why you coming out with Rebirth of Marvin? That's the wrong thing. I'm like, yes, I love it. Charlamagne jumping right in where I need to go. And then home homegirl was like, but you ain't even heard it yet. And da da da da da. I'm like yay. See this is what I wanted to create that because his music and his talent is gonna outweigh everything. And then when I seen y'all had him on the show, I was like Nah, he's super talented. He gets busy. Didn't Do it. It wasn't a, Hey man, do me a favor.


It is like let the work speak. Like I wanna sign artist that can have that ability to make things happen without me. To where. And we, we'd love to have Snoop with you if you bring Snoop with your interview. Like nah, you should be strong enough to get that on your own. And thank you. I appreciate that. That was love. I he needed to see that and he needed to feel that. 'cause I showed him the interview. I said, this is what you need to understand. When I gave you the title of that album, it's put pressure on you. It put immediate pressure on you, but you can handle it 'cause you sound good and the lady say you look good. So let's work. Do you post everything yourself, Snoop? Oh yeah, that's me all Day long. That's me. I'm a machine 24 7. I'm a machine Nigga. Jesus Mother too nigga.


You be like All day long something new. Nigga just did small shit. Yeah nigga. So stay Active. Okay. They didn't fuck around and taught me Instagram. See that's what happened. A lot of those platforms, I don't really know how to work them, but Instagram, when they taught me that shit in my mind, I said I don't have a network. I don't have a TV show. This finna be my whole motherfucking network. In my TV show, I'm gonna give you every piece of me that you wouldn't imagine. I'm gonna make you laugh, cry, put music on there. Just if I was a TV network, what the fuck would my TV network look like? It would look like my Instagram channel. Unexpected. But it's some entertaining shit that you can look forward to.


But you did just sign a deal with NBC Universal. Oh yeah. That's different for death row pictures. That's That's way different. That's Hello, that's tv. Filming tv. Hello? Hello? Is the movie, I know the movie was in the works with, who was it? Kenya? How am I tripping? Who was it? I forgot The biopic. Yeah. Nah, the biopic is what motherfucker moving on down the line. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's about to happen. Damn. Got a couple of great things that's about to happen. You found, you found the person to play you and everything. Okay. Okay. He good. New. I wouldn't say new, but he new. Alright. Like not new, new, but he gonna be new to, But he good.


I ain't Forget when you Nah ain't forget yo, when you posted me with that low ass ponytail even on your page. I ain't forget that On. I didn't, I didn't feed you. That ponytail hit me Up there Like Don't you gimme, Hey yo. I swear I woke up so many phone calls, yo nigga, he posted that shit. I'm only gonna me, he called me Snoop. Uncle Snoop, yo, Snoop Dogg just posted you with the little ass ponytail. I'm like, damn. Damn. I'm just like grew my hair and everything. By then my head had grown and all that. I Have bad hair days too. It's okay. It's Okay.


Don't worry about it. Look long as you real enough to deal with it, that's What period what it is, period. I'm the one that posted it first. But you waited till my head grew a little bit and then reminded niggas what I had. That's what I Said. Crazy. Come on man. Snoop gotta pee. Period. All right, well they have it and that merch hard too. Snoop. So let me tell you about it. So the album cover, right? Is it a crime? If you notice, you see my wife in the front, right? So for my whole career she had my back and this is the first time I put her on the front. Ooh. She Where this album cover so everybody can know that she got my back. She with me. She's standing by my side. There you go. And now she get the sign and look at it. She gang banging. That's, I love it. How much she charge you. Yeah, I was gonna say that.


How much she charge you? Oh, half. That's, that's why she got her half. I love it. You know what I'm saying? Well, let's get into a journal off the album, I want to hear is it a crime? Jess wants to hear me and OG Snoop. Charlemagne wants to hear You want my all And you know what, I love that. Everybody want to hear something different. I got A hit. That's right. Let's get into it now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Here's the tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill.


Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails.


Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Made for This Mountain Podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing, and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.