
Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fe. When You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We Get paid to serve you or made out of the same Things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament.


Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This Is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca. Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Herein worse.


Have you brought Us Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last


listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously


listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Emle hosts of the podcast Crumbs. For years I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story.


Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club just as out today. Laura La Rosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. His album is out this Friday at the Church Steps. He done did it again. Man. Cap old Ladies and gentlemen. Jim Jones. What's up with y'all? Welcome. How you feeling? I'm feeling pretty good. I can't complain Man. You make some good ass music. I done told you this a million times, thank you. But at some point you would think there'd be some type of fall off or something, but it just has not been at all like after Church Steps is a phenomenal, phenomenal body of work, man. God is good. So let's, let's get into the mind frame. 'cause we were talking behind the scenes and we was like, he knows how to make music.


Yes, I I, you know what I was comparing it to? I was comparing it to Rick Ross. Rick Ross just musically got a great ear. Now he always got fire And you, you the same way. Thank you man. I appreciate that. That's big. That's big. That's big. I wish, I wish the whole world would see it like that. And why, why don't you think they see it like that Emini here? I don't know man. You know, I always been a independent artist that didn't have a, most of the promo that most of the major artists have and things like that, you know how I go. But it feels good to be where I'm at right now. I think I'm in a unique place for how long I've been in the game and to be able to navigate with the youngsters and still have my core fan base and then some new. So it's dope Emini here. I'm engaged. I'm, I'm embracing the new wave of marketing through technology and digital stuff like that.


So, you know, it's giving me a real jump on what I got going on. And What keeps you there? Is it, is it your son? Is it being outside? Because Jim sends me records a lot throughout the year and like Charlemagne said, it always sounds relevant. It's not, it's not like it's not relevant even if it's an older sample, But it's still got a classic field too. It, They still, but it also has a classic field. So what keeps you in that zone? I'm a classic hustler. You know what? Emini here? Emini here. But if, if I don't live life then I wouldn't be able to continue to do my music and the way my hustle is set up and things like that. As far as me going outside and getting the money to feed my family is I'm, it still has me outside. So that's a big reflection on the music. And then, you know, I have artists, they all younger than me so I get to see how they living And I live vicariously through them.


So it's a lot going on. And then, you know, I love the younger generation of people that's coming up. I always love to give 'em a help of hand. So in turn it, it is a full service. We, we help each other. Our one hand washes the other, both hand watches the face. But the urgency of music for me is like, you know, besides everything else, when you a person that comes from rap ain't nothing like having a hit record that helps everything that's out tremendously. When you got that cool behind you, it is like nothing you can't do in the, the business stuff come in, company starts know what Emini here. So it always starts with the music and you can ask anybody who does music. Is, is it harder to make like the records you got on like the at the Church Steps album, like the Jomo and the Genesis, just those dope street records, is it harder to make those or a hit single like a baller His single like a baller because the, the records that you hear is a reflection of things that I've really gone through.


If you listen to the music and things like that, like you know what Emini here. So it's like it's very easy for me to talk about actual real things that you know what Emini here but you got them records that you need for getting lit in the club and things like that. Sometimes those are the hardest records for me to kind of produce, you know what Emini here. Do you chase balling though? Do you chase that record, try to make a bigger record or do you just make records and say if it connected Connect? I Used after the success of balling, I used to chase balling. Damn Like I gotta find another one. Gotta find another, another. You know what Emini here and then slowly but surely I got outta that phase of just trying to chase balling and make music that I could continue to make money. You know what Emini here And I do believe a hit a come a few hits have came since balling You had one but I to your point, I guess you ain't have the label behind it.


The joint the me away. Yes. That should have been Outta here. And then like so I show you how it goes. So Wayne had put a record out similar to that like a little bit after that where he was singing and stuff And I was like, but it's the support sometimes and you know how this how the game go. But yeah I had some dope records that I'm proud of whether they didn't get the platinum success or the success that I wanted. But I'm definitely proud of all my music to still be here coming up to The Breakfast Club all these years later from where I started. It's definitely incredible. I was talking to to Lauren before you got up here, we was talking about an interview you did and you said you spent $20 million the time of ball, he ran through 20 million. Yeah And I was, And I was counting your pockets.


I was like Jim loves cars but he ain't love cars like that. Right? Then I said Jim loves houses but he ain't love houses like that. Jim has jewelry but not $20 million worth of where did you spend the $20 million Spend this, this just spending and living like my credit card sometimes like $120,000 a month you heard. And I ain't got nothing to do with the everyday expenses. So you know, we deal with a lot of cash and stuff like that. So I know it was a lot of pj you was, you was on, you was PJ King at one time. This Is what I'm trying to say. So if you jumping on the jet all these times and your jet bill sometimes might be half a million a a month just 'cause you trying to get places it is all added up. It's not like I spent it like it was just the accumulation during the ball and error through those few years where I was getting money, I was getting And I was blowing it.


And as I look back thinking about the money that was spent came up to about 20 years. Seen damn the deal money, the show money, tour money, feature money. Like I'm burning through that shit. You know what Emini here. So I ain't got $20 million to show for it but I definitely spent it on the land and shit like that. You know what Emini here, I know you said in that that same interview you don't regret anything but there were things that you probably would've done differently or just just things you would've done at that time that you didn't do. What were some of those things now when you looking back like yo, I could have put, I could've did this. I Could have, I could, I could've been way more financially responsible than I was but I got this thing there that you don't know till you grow, right? I was very young and dumb at that time and the experience was, was worth it.


But as I'm older And I'm thinking back like damn if we did have some people in my corner or grew up a little bit different where we were taught financial literacy as opposed to coming up in the hood and we were taught to get that money, go get the car, go get the, you know what Emini here, I'm a product of the projects you dig Like so everything I seen is everything I wanted And I got that money And I emulated what I seen outside. We wasn't taught to, oh by real estate, we wasn't taught to oh get savings. We wasn't taught none of that. We was taught to save what you can in the shoebox and style out on everybody else. You know what Emini here. And that was the mentality I had. And it took me to go through a lot to learn any bit of financial literacy. Like to the point where I parted ways with my accountant and, and ever since I've done that years ago was like was me really gaining control of the monies that I had finance.


'cause I actually had to see it when I had an account And I never saw the money. I just was spending the money till I was in debt. I was talking to somebody about that yesterday actually. And they were saying that they can't wait to the get wait to get to the point where they're making enough money where they could just throw people to manage it real quick. And I was like, I don't know, I kind of wanna see mine and feel it so I know where it's going. I know where I'm messing up. Yeah. How did you make that decision? You mean anybody pay your bills? Just me being ending up on rock bottom and having make a decision like, yo moving forward you gotta do something different because what you've been doing is not working for you. And you know, having a business manager and having an accountant is two different things. Sometimes accountant acts as a business manager but a business manager is really supposed to help you make some money with the money that you have and things like that. You know what? Emini here and then an accounting helps you just pretty much pay your bills and keep your your your your taxes and orders and things like that.


You know what? Emini here and it, it, I didn't know the difference between the two And I had, you know what Emini here it's just, but I learned gotcha. You know what? Emini here and I'm here, God is good And I was able to bounce back. I was dealing with some scary times but I always had a hustle and spirit. I know how to make money, you know what Emini here, but I didn't know how to make business. So now I'm, I I've learned, I've learned how to make business so that these business can make me money. So I'm in a whole different stratosphere in life right now And I feel real good about It. But your debut album is on my way to church, on My way to church. Yes. This album is at the church. Yes. 20 years later I feel I'm that much closer to getting my life totally together. You know what Emini here and we can't do that without having God in our life. When you gonna go into church though Out man actually in the church, you outside this, this the games.


You a Little close to It. I'm very close to it. Emini here. I grew up in the church, Emini here for all my life when I was younger, Sunday school all night prayer and all that type of stuff. So I'm a god for it man. You know what Emini here, I have very good morals, a very great moral compass. And that's why I believe that I'm still able to be here in good favor and things like that. You know what Emini Here Lauren, tell 'em what you said. See I like the conversations people have about the music when you, they not in front of you. Tell 'em what you said you didn't know about Jim when you listed Out I was about to go there from the order of how you put this project together. I didn't know that you were like emotional as as emotional as you are. She said that. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's like, And I don't think that's a bad thing. I think it's like, when I think about you, I think about like Jim Jones tough. You don't play with him. And I think about the big records.


I don't think I've ever really sat and digested a full project And I did that in preparing for this. And I was like, man, you put a lot out there, you talk about how you feel and you take your time with it. Where like, I really felt it. I'm like, wow. He was really going through some things and then by the time we got the church steps, it's like, okay now he's he's coming up out of it. I didn't know that you were like that in your music. You know anything about cancer? What'd I tell you? What did I say? They told me that I, yeah, I learned today's Cancer. That's, that's who I am. All my music. I pretty much where all my emotions on my sleeve, which I've gotten better at. Like I've, my decision making used to be all about an emotional decision. You know what Emini here And I make the wrong choices a lot in life. And I've, I've, I've gotten very good with me keeping a level head and not letting the simple, the little things get to me and things like that.


Things that I can't do nothing about. You know what Emini here. So, and I'm proud of myself for doing so. 'cause there was a time where I would react to every little thing and put myself in all type of trouble for no reason. And I, I would never benefit from it. I, I'll be like shooting myself in the foot every time I had something good going on. Is it therapeutic for you then? Because when you, when you hear the music, you literally hear you expressing your life to music. I feel like if people listen to this album, whatever questions they have, you answer them in some way, shape or form. Yeah, a hundred percent. That's what this album turned into be. Remember I was doing this album for 18 months, so this album changed directions like three, four times. You know what Emini here, it was a core body of work that I always loved like records. But as I was living life and going through certain situations, the music would change and things like that.


And as we all seen everything that transpired in the media recently and things like that. So I was like get, I was able to get a bit of that emotional also and everything to answer some questions that people have been, you know what, Emini here. So it was good. It was good for the music, it was good for my soul. You know what Emini here, I needed that. I needed that. I, I needed somebody to poke me know what Emini here so I could wake up and, and and, and get back on my, get back in my bag. It seemed like the media questioned you at one time about your role in dip sets and diplomats. How did that affect you? Right? Because Emini here, everybody who's in New York or around the country have seen The World. What your role was or thought what your role was. So HH how did, how did you hear the left? How did that make you feel? Emini Here.


It was crazy when I woke up, shout to Chrissy, she was like, yo, listen, put your phone down, breathe for five minutes, internalize it, think about it and don't overreact. That's what people want you to do. First off. And I overreacted in the house, Okay? And then I got over it, you know what Emini here And I just thought about the playing field and what was really at stake and what we doing here and things like that and what people have in their favor and when it comes to the media, how these media games and, and plus it's a playbook from our playbook that we created. You're not gonna trick me with a, with a play that I've created. You know what Emini here, like I know this play. All right, cool. But as far as what people spewing and things like that, you know what Emini here I got this thing, you Emini here a lot.


Can't tell the truth you heard and time don't lie. So everything will reveal itself in time. But I do believe this is a story that everybody's known for so many years. The only people that don't really know the story are the new millennials and the Gen Z generation. But besides that, the hip hop culture know with my position is in a diploma mess. Everything started from pretty much my dynamic. And not to say it started like that Emini here, when the success started, everything came outta my grandmother house. Five h you know what Emini here, I wasn't. I was it you heard like if I was, I was the, the, the denominator in between everybody. Like if we didn't have that little stuff, I don't believe that they would've went in the direction they went.


Not to saying they wasn't rapping before I met them. Not to say none of this type of shit, but all the things that he was saying was pretty much foolish and shit like that. It is all jokes to me. But I do know what I, what I did. I think everybody know what I did Emini here. Everybody in Harlem knew me. My name is Joan. Way before my name was Jim Jones. You know what Emini here, like I really have a a name up there, Emini here. Shout to Harlem, shout to my block shots to 12th Street, shot of 13th Street, Lennox Ave Foster. PS taf, PS uptown, downtown East. So West Side, you know how this thing go. And I think another question people always ask And I and as many years as I've I've we interviewed you, I don't think people ever know where was the, I guess the breaking diplomats, right? Because you guys were tight.


Like this wasn't just we doing this, y'all weren't a group, y'all were family. This wasn't a rap group. Like there was Cam the rapper, dwells the rapper and Freaky and Jim was kind of in my opinion, was the, you know, the Musclemen, they were the, the derman, right? They were the way to make sure things happened. They were gonna make sure the the record got spun. They were gonna get the clearances, they were gonna make sure everything was in order. That's what, that's how, that's what you see. But it started from Emini here and Cam being broke in my grandmother house with no money. You heard having to hustle, you know, I was in the streets. We was, I I I was figuring out how to get to it and he had his craft, which was the music and he ended up striking gold with the craft.


But it all started with us having nothing, having to figure it out. Shouts to six Figure Digger. A lot of people don't mention his name, but I don't think there'd be no diplomats without six figure Digger. He was the first person that we was like, he was the part of the original COC when it came to Bloodshed Cameron and Six Figure Digger and then RIP Blood had passed away. Cam had got his first deal and six Figure Digger was his producer naturally. And they got platinum hits together and things like that. And this separation, her was, there was a separation with Cam and him before there was any other separation between the diplomats before we got the deal. And that's a whole nother side of the story. When we were offered millions of dollars at one label and somebody didn't take it because power struggles, which I knew nothing about.


I found this out later on and shit like that, that we could have all had way much more money as signing. But I wasn't signed to the label in the beginning anyway. He just gave me a check. She was signed. So there's a whole lot of shit. But Six Figure Digger is a prominent piece to the whole diplomat success. I don't believe that none of us would be with here as a diplomats if six figure wasn't inside of Den, that that dynamic. And I do believe that people need to sit down and interview him and get his view on how everything goes. And Emini here, he's pretty successful. He ended up doing Platinum Records 50 all type of people. So he got a great catalog and stuff like that. But yeah, he's, he's a very, very prominent piece to this whole story and things Like that. Did, when did the break, when did the vere happen where he started splitting apart? 'cause I know everybody started to doing their own thing. You started doing music, Jule started doing music and Cam started doing music.


When did it break where it seems like it can't come back together? Mm. Or did it? When I listen to the album, I hear you still referencing as your brother and you explain all of this, you talk about the apartment and you talk about blood shit, you talk about all of this on the album, but it still seems like that's Suge, that's your brother Emini Here, but you got a brother, he's always your brother no matter what, know what Emini here like doesn't mean that you, you got the same brotherly love that you want to have. Don't mean that you're going hang out like brothers. Like you know what Emini here, I know brothers that try to kill each other. You know what Emini here On? I think it's on Make it out. You say if so if it is what it is, then so be it. And then on that's on number three. And then number four on Make it Out. You say you talk about wanting to put it behind, well it it was bars and two brothers with two brothers.


That's lost. You didn't Just say it is what it is. So be it. It was more to it After that. I know, but I just, I I specifically grabbed that because to me, to me it sounded like I have pooling in they pants or not Star Wars, like the so be it. So don't be rushing for no repercussions. We got drums on some on these machines. Like a beat production. Yes sir. It just raps. It Sounded like to me like you guys can make it outta all this stuff. That's why I was bringing Up Emini here. I'm not concerned about that right now. I'm concerned about this album dropping. I got other things going on. I'm concerned about Jim Jones and what Jim Jones got going on. I've done a lot for a diplomat's sake for the sake of the people and the fans and all that. But nobody does a lot for me.


You know what, Emini here and that's part of the problem here. Nobody ever really pulled up for me when Jim Jones needed him to pull up. But I pulled up for everybody. So now I gotta pull up for myself. You know what Emini here and all rhetoric. I can't even, I can't even hear no more. And that's why I, I stick to what I know how to do. You know what Emini here, like I'm, I'm in the process of changing who, of who I've, who I've always of people of what people see me to be in, in, in my past. And I'm enjoying this journey that I'm going on. If not, I'll be out here going crazy. I'll probably be in jail for crashing. And right now the last thing I crashed was a boat in Bahamas. Shout to my brother Ellie, you heard You had a good line on the album, man, that, that, to speak to that you said, I'm, I'm paraphrasing 'cause I just heard it, but it was like you said something, situations you had to mitigate so you don't end up having to litigate balance.


Like I feel like that's a ball for the young boys. Yeah. They don't even know what mitigate mean, but we ain't gotta get into that. But yeah, I'm having a good time with music man. I'm in a point where I lived a lot of life and my vocabulary is very extensive. Emini here. What Emini here? I'm, I'm not, I'm not, you know what Emini here, you dig. So I I And I figured out my groove when it come to doing music. Like I got, I figured out my craft. I figured out who I am when any beat comes on, like I know what I can do. You know what Emini here. So, and it feels good to be here. 'cause it was a, it was a time when it, it wasn't that there was a time where this was just a absolutely great hustle for me. And I had to figure out how to make some great music so I could make some incredible money like everybody else was doing. And that was like doing homework. That was the hardest thing for me to do.


You know what, Emini here and now I encourage it. Like I can't wait. You know what, Emini here every day ain't the best day. But for the most days I'm, I'm, I'm smoking issue And I go in the booth When you did the interview with, with Justin Laboy Emini here. You know, you guys from, From high shout to just shout to Ye I just left LA We just just was out there messing with my team. We, We'll talk about ye in a second. Were you more hurt of what came out of that interview than anything else? Like as far As what? I guess you knew what, when you said about Cam and 50, you knew he was gonna return sh return fired. Were you more upset? Do you Feel like I asked me if that when, when, when I didn't start that. When niggas be talking about me is it is, is it is it is all fun games And I start talking about shit to get serious.


Like, oh like, like no you heard like I don't care about none of them. Don't play with me bro. All y'all do is play on the media. Don't play with me bro. I think that's the reason why You dig. Because y'all could have fun. Jim don't troll. I don't troll. You heard. I don't, I don't know these imaginary people that get on my, on my Instagram And I don't do none of that bro. Y'all know what's up bro. Y'all can see me face to face. We meet in traffic anywhere you want to if that's what y'all wanna do. But I'm not into that. God bless y'all. Just leave me alone. You heard Leave me alone because we all know we could get nasty. You nobody's guard out here. You heard. How do you feel when people call you the youngest old nigga? I Love it. Alright. You Heard I love it. I'm still in the loop. I'm accepted by the younger generation.


That mean my music is moving Emini here. My music is touching them. Emini here. My music resonates with them. You know how dope that is for me to be in this game this long, being able to make music that the youngsters that wasn't around when I really was lit still admire and want to know who this guy is. It's something about that, you know what Emini here, I don't see too many people from my day doing anything. Like what I'm doing right now. If they all count 'em out, call 'em Out. There's not many. It's and still being able to make it cool and fly, call 'em out. I wanna see how many they are. Two chains, pusher. I was talking about New York. Two chains. Oh, New York. Oh. Oh You Dig, You dig. I'm from New York. We talking about the Big and y'all going fab Fab.


Na maybe Fab Nas is Fab is not active enough. I like hearing him on Jim album. He not active, But Nas is not active right now. He like that Emini here. He had the album run. Let's, let's chat about it. Like Currently. Right? Dude was the youngsters did did they Did. No, it was for the older Jan. That's What I'm saying. Like when I go out, I'm, I'm, I see, See him, I hear his music that an is in my position. Especially from New York's Skype. You know what Emini here and just watching the landscape of the music that's going on right now for me to be doing what I'm doing right now in these streets and then TRO state area with the music. It hasn't be been seen before. No, That's true right now. No that's de that's definitely true. And I think during the time where so many people have so much conversation about New York sound and what it should be like, the way that you did this even, okay, so you have like classic Jim Jones fill on here, but then you also got like the Red Race skit.


Like a lot of people, like I understood you having Ray Ray on here and doing that, but they probably don't even know what I'm talking about right now. Shots, Shots to Ray, Ray Emini Here. You know what Emini here, like stuff like that. It's very Emini here. That's the beauty of of like, so I love the influencers. I have something called the IFC, the Influencer Club. Just for that reason because I know that these kids know more about their phone. They ain't know tv. They know these influencers on Instagram way more than no actors on television and things like that. And this is what made me like damn people like Ray Ray and so many others that I deal with. You know what Emini here, Mr. Commodore, it is a bunch of them. I like that I put all of them in the movie. So I, with the album, I also have a movie at the church Steps that we filmed the movie at St. Joseph's on hundred 25th Street in, in Harlem.


We had Fat Stacy, we had Ray Ray, we had Mr. Comor, we had Swaggy, we who else we got on it? Everybody in there, right? So it was just like pesos in the movie. It was a beautiful movie. But I know that it's going to re it, it's going to hit hard because I know everybody loved these, these influences And me thinking like when, when I saw Friday, we didn't know who none of those comedians was, but it ended up being one of the movies that we all love. So making the movie with that in mind, shout to everybody that played a part of making this movie. Shout to Wil and the whole director team and things like that. Now you also mentioned Kanye. Yeah. Flew out to China to see Kanye. How how was that? Oh, Japan. That was Japan. That was dope.


That was dope. That was pre with everybody else. So, but that was dope just to be in there. He reached out to you and said come on out. Or how, how did that Happen? That was Justin that put that together and things like that. He like, yo gay said you should pull up man, pull up to Japan. I'm like, huh, Pull up to Japan is different. Yeah, Like, yo bro, but you not saying like that's Brooklyn like yo, we always, But it was dope. It was a dope experience to see him work, to see the g he is on getting to understand him more and things like that. You know what Emini here, we all have friends that, you know what Emini here, you know how it is. But he's definitely a dope soul man. I believe that he's misunderstood in a lot of ways And I believe that he does things for people to misunderstand him and things like that. But I kind of understand him. But he's definitely dope.


He's definitely a hood ass nigga underneath all of that. You know what Emini here, that's what I, that's what I say. Did you give him a dip? Diplomats chain? Yeah, Definitely. So It's his, he has that's that You gave it to him. Chain. You gave it to him. Chain. That's his, you know Dipple? Yeah. You heard That's my, that's my dog. Did he ask you for it? Like, or you Just say, yo, this is, Well, as you see in the footage, we, if you seen the footage that had everything laid out, like first of all they, he asked me to bring, I bring like four or five suitcases of this drip. I saw, you know what Emini here like, so even wanting me to help him with his fashion, with his brand and things like that. So that was what the whole thing for me going to Japan was and thing like that. I forgot my, where I was at. You gotta remember This now you talking about his jewelry and the gym and all that? Oh Yeah. He, so he went through the jewelry, took it and he didn't take it off.


So naturally I was like, man, you hold on to that. He was like, what you mean? He said, all right, you know he said that was dope man. Shout, shout to him. I'm incredible dude though I was doing some music with him yesterday. He listen, let him listen to my album. He start breaking records down like you need to do that. And I'm like, yo bro, my album come out Friday, my album come out Friday. I cannot fool it. Deal. Like I don't have you dig Like I, but it's dope. So Emini here moving forward, we definitely going to make some dope best records and things like that. Man. Jim Jones fashion line is Something coming Emini here. Well I've been helping him with, with, with it, with the, with the Yeezy brand, which is pretty dope. We got a bunch of things going on with that. I'm excited about that. You know, fashion is, fashion is one of, of my things.


Getting fresh is one of my things. So giving me opportunities to express myself in that field I think is pretty big. You know what Emini here From a business perspective, you know, you, you putting, if you put time into that, you put energy into that. Don't some of his antics affect the business? Don't you tell him like, I'm a partner with you, you gotta slow down. Oh, I'm not a, I'm not a partner of, of his, you know what Emini here, like he, he owns his brands and things like that. I'm just helping and learning with the things that he needs help with. But I can't say this man. We all have friends that do well. I have friends that do things that I don't necessarily agree with that they're doing but that don't make them not my friend. You heard these are still my niggas no matter what goes on it. I'm not saying anything about anybody. I'm just saying in life, you know what, Emini here, period and shit like that. You know what Emini here, I ain't, I don't get in certain people business, but if you my dog, yeah I don.


That's your guy. You just not wearing the swa stick a T-shirt, Emini here. I ain't get into none of that. You dig? I don't do politics. You dig? I aint even vote. You heard you dig. And I don have nothing against whoever's the president, you dig? Whoever the president I feel should be get that much respect. 'cause they are the president. I'm from the Ronald Reagan era, you know, he was proud to have whatever president and he's the president. You know what Emini here and, and nowadays I see a big divide with these politics where it is almost crazy how aggressive everything become. Like they want you to just be like f the president. Like how he's still a president. Like where's the respect in this country when it comes to certain things? You know what? Emini here. So it just, and let me shut up for they start bombing because I know, I know they about to go crazy on me. Got the red hat on. This is read it Make different great again. That great again.


Yeah. You heard that's all this is about. You heard this is not, I don't got no political endeavors. You heard, you know what I'm about? I'm about community. I do my, all my politician political things. That's for my community. I do everything to help Harlem. Whatever I can do in my power. You know what Emini here, I don't Think you get enough credit for that either. Like I see you out there, you know, at the Boys and Girls Club. I see you out there in Harlem giving out clothes to the kids. Like you do that a lot All the Time. Yeah. Oh yeah. Shouts to my people. That's my community and people always ask why I'm there. I definitely not there to show off or, or or look down on anybody and things like that. I am there as to be a bit of inspiration for these kids to see somebody that came up outta the same circumstances that they did and they was able to figure out how to get out the matrix. So me being there as like a beam of shining a light.


You know what Emini here, that's how I feel about it and things like that. And I'm gonna keep shining my light on my people and things like that. Emini here. But certain people, they have this Emini here for me it's like I have a mission Emini here. God put us here to do certain things. And I do believe this is one of the things that he put me here to do is to help people. You know what Emini here. And so I figure out how to help more people. I'm gonna help the people I can. And that's my community. That was another thing. I guess people would, would try to say, you're not from Harlem, you're from the Bronx. You're from the Bronx from who cares? But I think you cleared it up in Jomo. Yeah, But who cares? I'm from New York City. I really been in the turf, been in the field. I come from, you know what Emini here, like, you know what I escaped to be worried about the der of that. And I was caught up in a like, I, nah, I'm, I had to think about it like, bro, I done lived in Harlem, I done lived in Queens, I lived in Brooklyn.


I done lived in like, I done lived in the whole city. You know what Emini here, like I done lived in Aruba. I lived, I'm from a lot of places. You heard, you heard it ain't where you're from. It's where you at. And I get to the chicken wherever I'm at. You heard What's wrong with Staten Island though? 'cause Ray Ray was coming at Staten Island crazy. Went crazy. They gonna definitely gonna jump. I ain't gonna lie. Woo. Take might jump you like, like ghost face might see you and put them ghost face killers on. You heard like you talking bad about Staten Island. Shout to Staten Island, shout to Lydia. I have a artist out there in Staten Island, man, shout to my dude. Liddy man word man. He yell in the building You've always moved very militant. But you know, you, you don't, you you keep the street life. The street life and you keep the rap life. The rap life. But on this album you included some court recordings about the male matrix situation.


Why, why, why was that? You know, shout to Melly. Free melody till in reverse man. It's my brother, it's my heart, my soul man. I really love and respect that man. Man, you know what Emini here for numerous amounts of reasons. Not just the obvious that people know and things like that. Like he's a man of honor. He stood 10 toes down along with shady, along with Harvey, along with all the others that got faded due to somebody not playing the game right and things like that. You know what Emini here when I see that I gotta tip my hat to them every time because there's probably so many other things they, they coulda did in the situations but they decided to stay down like gangsters do you know what Emini here? So I definitely gotta shout that out. You heard back to back La la to death. But those are actually the real recordings from the actual transcript of what Mel murder was going to call for.


And let's keep it clear. Mel murder case has nothing to do with the Nont tray case that shot him. Everybody got locked up for male murder's, locked up for heroin and fentanyl charge 'cause he was getting some money out here and things like that. And he was getting money with a person that wasn't right. And these are the actually recordings from the transcript that he was going to court and what they was asking, the DA was asking questions to whoever and things like that. And you know, I just wanted to put it out there and you know, it's my dog and things like that. And I just wanted to show people things that as a black man that we go through to try to make it through society and when you be in this rap game, how sensitive things could be. And it's crazy. I give a lot of great advice and sometimes I hardly take my own advice.


So when people hear that conversation it's like yo, I tell people stay off them phones all the time and look what happened. You know what Emini here, same thing came back to bite me on the ass and things like that. And, and that could have caused me a whole lot. But regardless, good, I got some good brothers around me that stood 10 toes down. You heard? So as long as I'm out there out you heard? And it's free until we see him and he'd be home in a little while. For real. I guess that's what I'm asking you. Weren't you not running from the affiliation even though we, we in an era where people are getting jammed up for shit like That jammed up if you doing crime. Yeah, you heard It's not a crime to be a blood, it's not a crime of your thing. It's not a crime. It's not a crime to be a fraternity member. It's not a crime to be a sorority member. It's all the same thing. It's a crime if you do crime while being that and that turns into other things.


And if it's more than one of y'all doing crime while being blood that turns into Rico and things like that. I do business. I'm a businessman. You heard y'all know that You Make music baby. I always Want to ask. Right? You know in past interviews and you talk about it bringing bloods to New York, you ever regret that I didn't bring the Bloods to New York? God whatcha trying to do What the fuck, what the fuck you got me here you here This shit no crime Enemy said actually To New York.


Damn on May 2nd, 2023 Enemy said he made, he made it popular. That's what I was asking. That's a difference. That's A difference. Commercializing. There you go. Commercializing My gang. I understand the question now because you you made it cool is what he's saying. Yeah, I made it cool but I also commercialized. I made millions of dollars off the gang culture. You know what Emini here. So same thing with Snoop has done and how the West coast, you know what Emini here. So it was, but I, no I did not, I did not start that. I was a young kid. You know what Emini here commercialized coming up out the ghetto And I think he means, and looking for, you know, what Emini here, my place in in society and things like that. And the brotherhood always took care of me. And I you dig shouts to the brothers man, you know what Emini here.


But do you regret it? 'cause it was, you commercialized it, you made it cool in New York. Do I regret anything? No, I don't because I've done so many positive things being in this position as being a man, as being a a a, a, a gang member. As being a father, as being all these things you did. You know, if I, if I didn't have this platform, people would never know how great some of these people can be. 'cause I put on a lot of people that people bloods And I put all type of people in positions to make money and feed they family and things like that and employ so many people and show so many people how to walk in the right direction and things like that. And understand there's a thin line between crashing out and trying Emini here. And then you ask anybody Emini here, anyone that's around me, you ask them, what if I ever encourage them to do anything wrong?


You know what Emini here, my objective is about getting a dollar. Each one teach. When we stand tight the wall is up, can't nobody fade us? Let's stay, let's protect our ourself. You know what Emini here? Of course if somebody across the line of discretion as a man, you have to protect yourself. But for the most part, that's not my lesson. It's not violence. You know what Emini here at all. But in this rap game, we've used violence to make a lot of money and that's what these labels egg us on to do. You know what? Emini here. Emini here we see the money and we think about the money more than anything else. And it's so easy for us to get caught up in that rabbit hole for so many of us and things like that. Just talk about things that we actually went through. You know what Emini here, especially for some of us, a lot of us are just, you know what Emini here, but you know how it go man. You, You rap about the labels having a a, I don't wanna say a certain responsibility, but I guess a certain responsibility do.


When you, when you saw Leo's comments that he made up here a long time, what he said, he basically just was like, he gotta eat too. What he said he said he got, he said, what'd he Say? He said he gotta eat too. You know, in regards to, you know, people pushing the drug culture, the gang culture or whatever, Emini Here, bro, nobody's twisting nobody's hand to do anything. You heard this is, this is, this is entertainment Businessman shouts to Leo. I've learned a lot of lessons for him. I don't agree with, I don't agree with everything that a lot of people do and things like that, but he was one of the first people that gave me a, a position to be one of the biggest executives in the game at Warner Music Group. So I really ain't got too much bad to say about him. I more have something to say about myself by letting people like Dame and, and, and, and and killer trick me out of them positions when I had them power by making me feel less than when they would see me inside of the office.


Like, oh, you working for these niggas? Oh you a you a dude, boy, oh you a son, you ain't no boss. Boston don't work for nobody. But not understanding my position. How powerful, how much power I had that I could move. And you know what Emini here in this game, you know what Emini here. And it was things like that that always kind of, you know what Emini here. So it was a lot to it and shit like that. But shout to Lyor and man, you know what Emini here, like I ain't got no nothing bad, but say about nobody Step while you on the label stuff. I I was watching another interview with you, you were talking about you're trying to get your master's back right now. Yeah. Emini here. I'm, I'm, I'm attempting to get my master's back. Ashan. Because you said y'all were independent but y'all weren't independent. Wasn't independent. T was an independent label. You weren't tell him what an independent label means, or should I tell you would know better Than that. Tell Like The in roots label wasn't, they wasn't a major label or two different type of labels.


They wasn't a major label. We, you know what Emini here. So we signed to an independent label. We signed to a label. We got a real label deal, but we was making so much money and The World Independent was so alarming and things like that. They made it fit. We, it, it felt like we signed but that's what not really what we we signed and things like that. It wasn't the independency of, you see Slim Thug and Houston had when he was out the trunk and it wasn't, it wasn't that, you know what Emini here, it wasn't that at all. We might have thought it was that 'cause we were getting so much money. But in that, in in, in that circle, I ended up signing the deal for my solo album, which I was happy for. But me still running through the street the way I was and entrusting my career business sense with my partner.


I just wasn't into reading the contracts or understanding the business of it because you know how, how I felt we was moving and shit like that. And later on in life when people start selling their catalogs and doing all this shit, getting a bag, I got a real catalog. Let's not get to that too. So when people are buying these masters and things like that, like I, I was like, oh I could catch a busy off. I might make my exit off of this. And then trying to get that together and somebody like, whoa, your lawyer, like bro, you don't own your masters bro. For life, For His life. What year was that that you found that out? Because like Four or five years ago. Wow. Jesus. Wow. So who owns 'em? Co. Oh my heart just dropped.


Yes Cam too or just, or Just Nah. Okay. KI signed my rights to my masses over the couch for the life term and shit like that. So is the president Allen still there because you had a great relationship outta there. It's not even called ka.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys but like be respectful or made out of the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when you're invisible as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's the name of it right now? Mor. Huh? Mor Who? Mor Mordock. But so You don't even got a building to run up in. You can, nah, it's a building. He, I got a, I got a a vo deal with a pace swap there. His album comes out next month that we signed up there and things like that. So, but they don't got nothing to do with I signed back then. But you know, legally my lawyers starting to make calls and see what could be, you know What Emini here done. Now you, you, you did mention something I wanna talk about 'cause this has been a conversation for 10 years, right? You just mentioned he said that they tricked you out of it because they said bosses don't work for people. Right. And that's a conversation our community has. But I've been, And I think Charlemagne have been trying to say for a long time you could be a boss and have a job but still do your thing on the side Emini here.


Period. That's the whole premonition of how they make you feel in certain situations and things like that. You gotta know we from Harlem and everybody got a weigh of certain people. You know what Emini here. But I knew better than that. So I pretty much tricked myself out of my own position by Emini here. I stand 10 toes on what I believe. 'cause I knew what I was there for. I knew what I could do inside of them buildings. I knew how Ill I was and what I've done so far for diplomats by paying this aesthetic and letting people see us in a way as superheroes. Like what? I could do that for so many other artists, which I have. That's why I was able to get that job in there. 'cause they was paying me a consultant fee at Def Jam. You know I was making like $200,000 a year at Def Jam as a consultant. And then when they left Def Jam and went to Warner, they was like, pull up.


I thought they was trying to gimme a record deal. They was like, nah, we want you to be executive over here. Matter. Matter of fact you run everything. So like people like Joey, IE and Ty Mosco was all worked for me. It worked under me. Like I was above all of it. Wow. Only person I had to talk to was Kevin Liles and Leo Cohen. Yeah. Wow. And how did that deal mess up? That makes so much sense for you though. It's smart. You think about how you did videos, used to direct the videos the, the way you do music now, like that makes so much sense. Bit young videos. The, and through my loyalty I was impressionable too. So when I was hearing things like that made me very rebellious inside them office spaces. And I didn't know what Emini here, but I definitely had the knowhow and the smart to do the job. That was easy for me.


You know what, Emini here or great, great great experience though. Great experience shots to ASAP Yams. He that's what he started as an intern for me. Oh, He was the intern, right? Yeah. Yeah. You loyalty. Karen s too Emini here. Karen, Karen s she was also an intern for me. I, I, I've helped, helped jumpstart a lot of careers. Not only rap careers inside of this industry, But you don't get no credit for that. They say, they say all Jim do is send people to jail. I don't want credit no more. I want debit. Cash me out how I send people to jail. That's what I'm saying. How, how, who you, who, who did you see me send to jail? Where is his nigga smoking? They smoking new drugs out here.


You heard from where? How? Who? Oh, that's what Cam said. I don't know. It was a bird. He's a bird head. He don't want no smoke. Tell him set the he a boxer. Right? Our box his head up. Where's the ring at? You getting money right? Yo do sports 10 million right now today. Nigga, I'll catch a flight wherever you at in the morning. I'll catch a flight wherever you at. You would mayweather them 10 million. I'm I meet you in any boxing ring. Yeah. Now go make some jokes about that. On your next show I box your head off. You know that don't play with me. Yeah, that now go type about that. Jim. Chrissy would tell you, take five seconds and Breathe. Chrissy would tell you, take five seconds and breathe. Church steps you after church steps.


You cannot act like that after steps five seconds. You sent praise of worship. You got time to make it in. We bring it back, bring back. Chrisy Was say take and breathe. We gonna bring it back. You know all Jesus disciples was gangsters though. Right? Jesus Flipped tables And I am a disciple. Remember that? You did Tell us about some of your new artists, man. Like you see pesos in here. Yeah. Peso. He's on like he's on a few songs. White lines call on me. What else? He Byo been out here doing his thing for a minute though. Been on Paceon for almost 10 years now. Damn. I just remember Paso did the, sorry, cut you off. Paso did the last record with Fatman Scoop before he Passed. Yes. Yes. Damn guy arrested Justin Fat Sound punt.


He, he got a little bit of punt in him. He got a little bit of lot of pardon? Pardon a whoa. He over like, yo, talk about they do you Like he talented me. He got a lot of different waves of, of doing music from rapping to having the harmony. Like I ain't got no harmony in me. I didn't even got no Beating in me was before I knew who it was like the name. I thought it was kind of like a little a boogie. I didn't know when I first heard it, I thought that Was it. Emini here it's peso but know But I'm saying when I Didn't know who were, Nah. And I didn't know the name but nice to meet you. But go ahead, finish. Nah, he's dope artist. Shout to King. King Streets hands down bar for bar. I think that he'll smoke anybody in the industry's boots. Period. And I put the money at the house and everything right now.


Yo could meet me tomorrow also at the boxing match if you'll want to with the bag and we have King. Alright. I'm being petty. I got to, we gotta call. I got to man. It's it, it is entertaining right When they entertain it's all, it is all funny and games. Well I'm entertaining now. My album come out on Friday. What's up? You got an album coming out? That is true. What's Up? My album come out on Friday. What's up? I just, I'm Just trying to, to clear up everything I heard so, But listen, does that really sell records though? Because you know they always hear Yes. We always hear the story about Jim wanted to fake a beef back In the day. This say faking though. I will box your head off tomorrow when you wake up if you want to. 10 million. You heard and we got it to cover too. Jack, What does Freak say?


What does Freaky Zike Say? I don know Freak Freak bugging me out right now. You heard Freak in a crazy position right now. But I want him to get his money and do whatever business moves he need to do. You dig Shouts to Mayor Freak. He always gonna be my brother for life. No freak for a very long time. You wearing the hat. And that's what we all want as a coach too. Like make yeah make Dipset great again. Like I'm doing that. I've been doing that. You heard I got some fire records out. Every time you see me it is Dipset. You heard big Jomo in the building. You heard everybody wanna make Dipset great. Tell 'em to make Dipset great again. I always show up for everything, all the shows, everything. Whenever it's diplomat, I'm there. You heard whenever you talk about diplomats, I'm there for the last 10 years. When you say diplomats, who pop out? Who's been there?


Who's been keeping the bird in the sky? Anytime you seen a diplomat reunion, who's the reason for the diplomat reunion happening? You better do the research. It's always been me you heard And a lot of times that has stopped me from the motion that I had. Instead of me continuing, you know what Emini here, I gotta worry about me right now. After the last, after the verses reunion, I feel like we, I thought that everything was like good and then it got like randomly just got like Rocky again. Yeah. Like where does that the Verse was weak man, he mad 'cause he got booed and we lost Man. It is tell the truth. That's what y'all fell out about. Again. It's not that. It can't be that. No that was a joke. He got booed at the end. He forgot his freestyle.


Yeah, but I'm saying because when we were up here trying to figure out like what reignited all of the, whatever it this is, we remembered that like it was after the verses. It can't just be that I don't care about none of it. You heard That's the difference between me. I don't take none of this shit personal bro. I could take a laws and walk off and laugh at it. I'm gonna still go home to the house that I live in and love life. You heard like people take things too literal. Like these people get in this rap game and and be mad that they didn't have the number one album. Damn they want to cut they wrists and all that. I don't care about none of that. Shouts to Jade and them. They was on top of the game. They knew what they came to do. They had, you know what Emini here they was ready. You dig us not so much ready? No, No us not so much ready.


But you know you win some, you lose some. But what's up? Who wanna do a verse with me right now? Yeah, That'd be a good, good, good. Who wanna do with Me? Who would you wanna do a verse against? Any one of them. Pull it up. New York. I love all my brothers in New York, but you could pull 'em up. Don't matter who it is. You heard. Who would you say who, who you hear? I got a real catalog up versus I And I just had a gold record last year. Emini here. I'm Emini here. We could go back. I got 20 records for every year. Be good one. We could start from 20 years ago. I give him one record for each year all the way up to now. Capo versus Styles P, He don't got enough catalog for that. He got a style, got a lot of catalog. Not not a commercial catalog.


He not going. He not going, he not gonna last. Emini here. I love styles. You dig? But set it up If it, it depends. What if it's just solo records? That'd be a good one for y'all. I got more solo records than most of them that really hit. Remember that you dig like I got a lot of gold singles and a lot of, I got some action with me. You dig? It's gonna be hard for a lot of people from New York to win with Capo. And I got freestyles. I could do, I could do all I have a in New York City. It's gonna be hard. I would say that for anybody, You know on the, the record sounds, sounds like he wanna do one with 50 cent. That's what it sound like. Sound like Jim. Jim. Nah, I don't wanna do nothing with that sucker. You heard leave mean leave him out the conversation. You do that On purpose.


No, I did, Did don't start. No, because he said a Rap. He said New York and that's the only one that has a capital. I Know he was thinking And I just didn't wanna say it. See it Because you got catalog. There's no, Because I, when I you, when you said think about it, I, I'm trying to think who else. Even just commercially would have a big enough a catalog, big enough songs consistently to even, but you know It has platinum records. Gold records number one records. It's not too many in New York. Listen after Church Steps man on No, no, no. That or Ho or Hove got that type of catalog. Nah, it's got the type of catalog. But artists like that. No, but they would, I feel like even like you would've to bring it to Oh Super great. I ain't going do no Verse. You can't do no verse with him. What the fuck You talking about Up Type of records never doing them.


Nope, nope, Nope. You heard anybody else, you're hurt. But nigga on Hove is, you can't, one thing we not going do is front and hove. Nope. He he, he did what he's supposed to out here. Like it is going be very hard for anybody to beat him in some type of verse. I Don I don't think anybody can Who Who's the lineup? You know I love Drizzy. You dig? But a verse going to be a, it is going to be it. It's a lot of variables to that. That's a dog fight. You know what Emini here, but as far as I'm concerned, yeah, right now and where I'm at, I, I would do it And I, not saying I want to do it, but yeah it was, that was the, if that was the play that Swiss felt like he had a bag. I need triple what I had last time where we put that verse on fire too. We had that thing looking like a championship game.


Yeah. Swiss holler at me and you backdoor me gave that man some business that you ain't give all of us. You definitely gotta gimme triple Swiss and you gotta gimme some real business this time. See that's the funny thing about this game you heard like y'all don't talk about the backdoor that's going on for the verses that everybody keep keying. But what was the backdoor? Yeah, I wanted the bag. You heard? But we got the bag but boy still went backdoor like yo, for us, for me to do the verses, you gotta gimme part of this business that had nothing to do with us. You heard? But he was say that's me being a businessman. Nah, that's you being a sucker doing backdoor shit. Mm. You heard But nobody wanna talk about that ain't oh we didn't know.


Yeah. Ain't no backdoor ass nigga. You heard I stand on 10 dos And I break bread with my niggas. Period. That's always who I've been. Do I not Heard You Heards never been an artist. I took advantage of. You heard I really put money in all of my artist pockets that I deal with and all my niggas. We get money together. I'm not one of them type of dudes. Bro. You heard When you went to Kim about that he said that like it's just me being a businessman. No, Swiss told me. I had to tell Swiss I know what was going on. Jack call Swiss on the line. He tell you I did bad. You know Swiss is my brother. Zone. Zone zone. What's up Z You heard I'm not talking about, I'm talking about actual factual. How did you find out about it then?


Because I found out about a lot. You heard that didn't don't matter. What it matter is is I got to the bottom of it to see if it was true And I called Swiss. You heard? But that's the shit that we deal with. You heard. That's the shit that people don't know about when they be looking at me like I'm bugging out. Nah, ain't bugging out. You heard you can go down the list when I ain't got time for that. You, you Talk about that a lot getting backdoored a lot. Pause with with that. Whoa, pause. Let's Get the backdoor Word out. I'm mad I even said that word man. That's I know. I'm mad. Then we take it back and we erase, erase it. Oh my god. Shit. All right, come on. So The reason I ask that it is like if that's happened a couple of times, pause, why not stop it from the door and be like I can never do business with them again because they keep doing it.


It's like first time, all right you got me second time, third time. You say multiple times. It's like fuck Emini here. You did what you did with bro. You heard my loyalty goes way beyond a lot. It's a lot you dig? Has The loyalty stopped as in now or is it still There? Who? I'm loyal to the bird. I'm loyal to the bird. Anybody loyal to the bird then we fly high. You heard you ain't loyal to the bird. We gonna clip your wings. You heard you gonna be there. They like a pigeon nigga New York City nigga. What's up Serious? I'm serious about that bird. I put my life and my heart into it, bro. Dig. I put my life on the line about that bird people playing with it and things like that. It's never been about money for me. It been about the unity, it been about the family.


It been about what we could build together. I'm not perfect at all, but I'm the perfect example of what you could be by staying down. And that's what I did. No matter what we all go through what we go through, you heard. But above all I stayed there for that bird as I'm still doing now. And I criticized that, You know on a call on me, you talk about a conversation you had with Puff right before they sent the shouts to Diddy, the feds to get him. Like what, what was that last conversation about The big bro? It was a great time. Emini here. You said you asked him about his rich friends. Now he acting like he dead to him. But when that loyalty get moldy you can see what the bread, what the bread wants, What the bread ruins. What the Bread ruins.


Yeah. Yeah. When that loyalty get moldy. Emini here. Emini here. And I don't get it. Nobody but that he, I was the DJ man. He did a lot for the game. I don't want to get into all that, but he did come up town the day before they came and got him and he set up town with me for five or six hours. Right on Lennox Ave said he felt like he was in Capri on the yacht. Just the freedom of being uptown and in no judgment zone in the middle of hood where we don't judge 'cause people going through their own shit up there. You know what Emini here. So there's some normalcy in there for him and things like that. And he just sat down and enjoyed himself. He had a good conversation with me. I had a good conversation with him. Uplifting conversation. A spiritual conversation. You know what Emini here, I, I know Diddy for half, half my life and things like that. He's always been big bro.


And I know he's going through a lot right now. You know what Emini here. So I do wish him the best. I don't want nobody to come down on me, try to cancel me all this. Know what Emini here. I ain't with none of that bro. God bless you bro. You know what Emini here, what was It about that moment that made you wanna put it down? On, on, on paper though and the record Just living life and then the record came on paper did the hook and that's where we was at with, I just, we did it the same night. You know what Emini here or the next night, whatever it was, it was still on my mind. It was heavy on my heart. You know what Emini here, the best way for me to express what I'm going through is usually through the music And I don't wanna touch too much on it. But you know what? Emini here, When he got picked up the next day, do you you remember? Did you like oh shit, like Emini here. I was just with him yesterday.


Emini here? Yeah, like that. Shout. Shout to Big Brother. Let's get into Shots. His sons. Yeah. Shout To shout Out. Shout. Shout out to the Ns man. Shout out to the man. Me and Christian got a dope record together too, man. Or On Christian album. Alright, shout out to the next what you wanna hear off the album. What I want to hear off the album, The label will say the single, but you are the label. But what do you want to hear besides that? It is either going to be Make It Out or, or Genesis. Yeah, You know, it's crazy. Make It Out. I thought that was Tory Lane's gonna make it out. That's Ronnie, that's Young Bird's cousin also and his artist. Yeah. I didn't know Emini here I'm just looking at the track list. Knock. I just heard the album.


The Track league guy had the feature name The MRK. Okay. Monarch. Yeah, Monarch. That's the name of the Monarch. Yeah, that's the new K. Pardon me? Pardon me for forgetting your name. But that's the new K Monarch has brought Koch out and things like that. But so it's like Genesis the number two record or Yeah, we could play Make it out. So which, which one you want to hear? Hmm. It's for radio. Let's do make it out for radio All. I like Genesis though. Genesis hard. Alright, let's do Make it out Bro. Do Joe Mo make it out. Jomo make it. I love Jomo. That's a great record man. Got a lot of bop to it. Good music, music When you get Emini here, mural music, when you getting dressed you throw that Jomo on. You shot the video twice For that. Oh no, I shot the video in LA when I was in LA And I came back And I shot the video here and then I was just shooting like little clips when I was shooting all the other videos because you did, You you, you made me upset with that one right?


Because you you put it out And I couldn't get it right then you put the video out so I ripped it off the video and then you pulled the video down. Yeah Because that was, that was so I I was make doing these little clips. Know these kids do these little promo clips for IG and somebody actually put it up as a video. Like, nah bro, take that down. That's not the real video. So we had to pull it in there, put real video there should New video. Alright, I do wanna ask you one last question. Could love trick you off the street, Jim. And this is what Emini here by that I feel like there's nothing any stranger could ever say to you to make you do anything at this point in your life. But the people you've actually loved and rolled for and been loyal to could Trick you off the street. Loyalty could trick you off the street.


Mm, Definitely. And it is almost tricked me off the street a few times in the midst of my journey by being loyal to a floor. Love is a crazy thing and it depends on what type of love you're talking about. Love could fuck up your emotion if you're not disciplined in the household and know that you have a job to do. Especially in, in at a job like we have. It's not easy getting up and leaving the house and not home as much as you need to be. And you know what, Emini here not spending the time you need to be and things like that, but you know, this is something, a mission that you have to accomplish or else your family can't, you know what? Emini here. So it gets tricky at that time. You start to feel bad and you start to feel all type, you know what Emini here, but you gotta study your dean, man.


It's, it's, it's gonna be cold out here. So you gotta get that bag, man. You know what Emini here, the family is gonna be there when you get back and you gotta figure out how to make time for the ones you love. Also, you know what, Emini here. So it's a balance. You know that. So Cam calls you today and Cam says, look man, we better than this. Let's, let's, let's, let's had the conversation About what Chrisy would tell you inside Breathe. And This is you and ca, you and Cam. He calls you and says, yo, we better than this. I'm, I'm petty than this. Damn, I'm taking it petty right now. I just don't wanna have no conversation with nobody. I worry about Jomo bro. There's nothing to worry about. It's talk about throw the moment. I'm gonna talk about bro, let's he wanna box for that 10 million. 'cause I could use 10 million. Nothing to talk about, bro. I don't wanna talk about nothing bro.


There's nothing to talk about. Not right now. I didn't say for life as right now I don't have nothing to talk about. I got other things that I'm doing. I got businesses that I'm attending to. They getting their money. I'm getting my money too. You heard I'm, I'm doing, I'm doing pretty good Out here with my man. Slow. We doing okay baby. Not to say it like that, but you know, I just, you know, but I, I got a lot of things that I'm doing. You already, And I ain't got no time to be interrupting my time or my, or my, my mental space to deal with anything but what I got going on that might take away And I might start making me crashing for doing things that I'm not supposed to be doing. You know what, Emini here, have People tried to cut you off? Have people tried to put y'all on the phone since all of this?


Nah, nobody, Nah. Only reason I say that 'cause life is short and you know, you see people at funerals now and you like damn, are they cool or is this the first time that they, they seen each other since he passed. Like I pop out to his funeral. God damn Jim, You set yourself up to that for that. He said right now he's in that, in that maybe next year he would feel differently But fresh might not be next year is what I'm saying. God forbid. That's What I'm saying. Right. I'm gonna pop out to the funeral if that's the case, you dig? So I got love for him. I ain't gonna miss that. But right now I ain't gonna miss my opportunity of get into this motion that I got going on album on Friday. We got a movie coming out next month for at the church steps. Shout I to all the people that's in the movie.


Had a good time with that one. You dig? Like I'm just trying to stay down this line. Tunnel vision. You heard like we all seen a different side of me where, you know what Emini here like, let me stay here. You heard? Let me stay outta these people way. Gotcha, gotcha. You heard? Let me keep doing my music. Let me just keep doing the things that got me feeling good, looking good and things that people respected me for. Not entertaining any bullshit. Let me stay here. You still doing a sobriety thing? What you mean? Maria? You Was doing a sobriety thing. What? You No, no more man. Japan had you sober all Japan. That's, You had to, you just do Something new. Oh yeah. I you're So happy in those videos too. Yeah. All right. So I will say this, you Emini here. Of course you can, you can find smoke anywhere. But the consequences for smoking in Japan are very dear not to say.


And I wouldn't, not saying so. I think about this now. I get some garbage smoke out there and smoking in Japan and end up getting in trouble for smoking some garbage weed. Now I'm double mad. And you heard smoke some weak ass Japan weed. But I had a great time but it was funny. So I smoked so much of my life. Me being sober turned into a high like I was now, like after the second day I was chasing that high. That feeling like, I was like, yo, it just felt, I was like dancing. I'm like, you heard it was just a whole different energy. I was like, yo, this is way crazy. So I respected the being sober for a week and he said for a week. So he's back smoking. But no, but since I've came back, I've smoking tremendously less since I came back.


Like got you. I, I smoke, I've smoking a lot of my time, but I find myself smoking two to three blunts a day and anybody that knows me know that's like, damn you're not even smoking. You know what Emini here. And hopefully I phase outta that too. The tobacco's not good for me. I'm getting a little bit older. Things changing for me. You know what Emini here, I like to stay healthy. Being in shape is like a form of the fountain of youth for me. You know what Emini here, I'm trying to live. I'm trying to live forever. Be the first one too. And my last one before you get outta here, why does the internet always try and break you and Christie up? Like the way you talk about her, You got a baby right now according to that. I got married the other month. Congratulations. Yeah, I got married the other month, right to somebody else, which was crazy. This is great. Out the blue, like to like, then now we got a baby.


I don't know. You know, I, we don't, the media don't get to us man. Like you tell yourself it is a shock value Emini here. When sometimes you hear something out the blue you like no they tripping. But for the most part, I don't let That you ever be having to tell her, put your phone down, breathe before you pick your phone back up like she did for you or does for you. I have to tell her that in a lot of other situations she don't really engage on IG like that. You know what Emini here, more or less, I'm more than one that they talking about on IG or whatever. But other situations she could be a hot hat as people. I seen her to be. But she's definitely a dope one. Smart. You Know why this generation know Chrisy can fight? Mm. This generation don't really know. Jim can fight. They seen Chrisy in action on know I'm saying on tv. Yeah, On tv.


Yeah. Let's not try that one. Please. I ain't got no fight in me, so please it gonna get scary. Let's, let's, let's just Emini here. Let's just keep me, keep me where I'm at. I don't, I don't wanna do nothing aggressive man. I don't want just get this money. I don't wanna stay down the line. This isn't entertainment. Anything you heard today was all alleged. Nothing. You know what, Emini here. Absolutely. It's just me goofing off having fun. But if y'all do have 10 million for the boxing match, we can set that up. In the meantime, the album comes out at the church steps on this Friday. Friday, February 28th. I will be at Al Congo on Sunday. Listen to me. I don't know if you ever been there. It's gonna feel like Jimmy's cafe.


So for you young ones that never been there with Jimmy Cafes around, get there early rear form. We come in to crunch the building. Emini here crunch me and French. Shout to self self. I've been DJing all my life. I don't know if I should, I don't know if I'm allowed to call him my dj. How should I approach that? You can can dj I can be like, yo, you know self my dj. I can say that. Absolutely. Yeah. Oh, so self my as many times as he called you to come pull up. Yeah. So self's my dj. We did about 10 shows in this past month together about that. You know what, Emini here. So we getting our show together and we coming to crunch the building on Sunday. So please show up early. I appreciate all the love from and support from New York that we've been getting. Hey, like I said, I ain't perfect, but I'm out here shouts to Harlem. You know, I love y'all to death. Shouts to all my family.


Shouts to peso the artist. Hold me up man. You dig. Don't hold us down no more. Hold us up man. That's people see you now. They just start hitting the dance and singing. Harlow. Yeah, the wave. That's another record. I I wanna say this shouts to the young girl, Layla. 'cause I believe there was a big problems. Yeah. Mix up with that record. I did not know it was this girl's record. I thought it was cash. Cow's record. I thought it was cash too. I thought it was cash. I, And I told nephew, y'all, I'm gonna do my own version of the record. I'm gonna remix it. I'm, I wanted you to do it. He's like, nah, let's do it. I'm all right. So I wanted the whole thing over and things like that. Emini here, I didn't know. So I wanted apologize for her for thinking, thinking of anything like I stole your record.


But in New York, we do our own versions of records all the time and things like that. And sometimes they catch life. But I didn't know she was most stepdaughter. So Shaw's the most step and did he call you or no, he didn't call you? No, their lawyer called me. I respect the business sense and things like that. And hopefully we can figure the whole situation out. Hopefully this room for me to do something for her or that I can make it right. I can tell you this baby girl, I wouldn't lose a bag over somebody telling you what's not right. You know what Emini here, like, it's opportunity for you to do good business here. You better get this money from the record. 'cause as you say, it's, it's the interpolation is this. So get the bag. You heard like I'm not mad at you. Call my phone. I, I I'll give you the check directly.


You know what Emini here. But Cash. Cash Should have told you that. Cash should have been like, yo, you know I regular record. I, you know, you know Cash Young? He out here popping, buzzing. You heard I telling him something his there. He like, yeah, yeah. I'm just, do I whatever. You know what Emini here like ain't listen to Unc like that to UNC star busting. And now here we go. Yeah, he did. But shout to Cash Outs to shout to Bay Swag. Bay Swag. Bay swag. Shout. Shout to Bay Swag. Big big queens in the building. Shout to slow Bucks. Shout to Slow and Buck. Shout to all my family members man. We got a extensive network out here in the city. Shout to the lobby boys. Hey man, it's been fun, man. Shouts to everybody here, you know. All right. I appreciate y'all for having me. It is not easy getting up on The Breakfast Club.


So anytime I'm up here, it's definitely feel like I'm a star Jim. You know, anyone comes any Anytime Jim. And congrats on another great body of work. That's the most absolutely. Thank I appreciate you for always holding me up to when it comes to the music, my business sense, my, my my musical air. Like you are one of the few people that I have advocating for me on this type of platform and letting people know how LI am of a, of a person. You know what Emini here. So I definitely appreciate that. Anything else I'm missing? I feel like you got everything. Ooh, ooh. What's, what's your favorite song? That was a good question. 'cause they might be, they might just be reading off the paper. No, I listen to Jomo all the time. All I'll Give you that all the time. I actually put that on one of my church on Instagram. Church steps It out. The church.


Jomo Genesis Wrote Genesis. What's going on with Davies? Nah, they listen. I, I like, I like he said, what's going on? What's Going on? You know, you know, you know, they Listen but I like when you on them type of records, it's like the samples you be using, like I know status selected did he Did Jomo Jomo. Yeah. The funny thing about that, that record is seven years old. So what the day that boy did all of that on the internet, it telling is seven years. I went to the studio, didn't write it seven years ago. And I'm on my phone looking for something else on the notes and I'm just going through the, and the notes just end up going to the bottom And I end up pressing the, I just pressed it and it came on Jimmy Jones. I was like, and it start going off. I'm like, wow, ain't you talking to me?


God, I paid for, I paid it for my a and r. Like, am I bucking? Am I high? He like, nah, load this up. That was it. It Was no, even when you did, it was like the, I don't know if it was block work or it was one of them platforms when you did that on one of those platforms And I was just watching you performing, I was like, oh yeah, this is, this is the one. Like this is, it feels good. Yeah. Yeah. You could tell if you're in a, you're in a good space right now. It feels like. Yeah, It feels good. It feels good Emini here. It feels good to be able to do music this far in, in my, in my career and still getting respected as a dope mc still respected for my fashion sense still. You know what, Emini here, like, I got my own little wave out here, so I appreciate that man. You know what Emini here, I appreciate that very much. I appreciate New York City. Really. Like if you know me, you know, I, I, I'm, I'm a New York nigga, period.


You dig? So every, all my music is New York music. No matter how far it reaches first it starts with me. I don't put no music out there. I don't like myself. If it don't hits me the way I need to hit, then I ain't putting out. And then after that, I'm a New York. All my records, all my albums about my experiences that started from New York, I, New York Body of Work. You know what Emini here matter how far I reach. So I really love my town. You know what Emini here you going. Keep putting on as long as I can. You heard Dipset vl, that thing. Don't change man. February 28th, y'all go get the album at the Church Steps. Appreciate everybody that participated in the album. There you have it, ladies and gentlemen.


RP takeoff it, Jim Jones, RRP Takeoff, my guy. Absolutely. So many that we lost. Jim Jones, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Boom. Wake that ass up. The Breakfast Club.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fe. When You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when A couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We Get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Herein worse. Having brought Us Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person, sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey y'all, it's your girl Cheeky and I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys and as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like Love, personal Growth, health, family Ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out my best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky, it's going to be an exciting year And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.