
October is Cybersecurity Awareness Month, and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors for more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed, or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety Terms apply.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in. We also have our sister Angela ride with us this morning, the Host of the Native Land podcast. That's right. And we got a special guest in the building. He's from Brooklyn. The brother Byron Donalds, also with the FMU too. H-B-C-U-F-M-U. That's right. There you go. 9 6 99 You know you from Brooklyn. Yeah. Crown Heights, Brooklyn. Can't you tell us the mean way he speaks. I'm like, he don't sound like nothing but the New Yorker Park Place. Troy Schenectady. Man. The way He walked in, I was like, he's New Yorker, but welcome brother. So how'd you become a, well, I guess, 'cause You know in New York is considered a such a liberal place.


How did you become a conservative? Oh man. Politics came late for me in life. I Was, you started as a Democrat, right? Yeah, I was a registered Democrat. Didn't really care about politics. I think a lot of people like that in the country. They just register as whatever family or friends are not really thinking about it. My career was finance. So I, I graduated with a degree in finance marketing from Florida State. I had too much fun at FMU, so I had to transfer. Okay. So I transferred to FSU, got my degree there, started in my career, worked in banking, worked in insurance. And then through the financial collapse of oh eight, my company had international clients and they were saying, we need to get information for our clients so we can keep the investment going. So I started doing the research 'cause I had worked in banking for five years. And when I did the research, one of the last things I did was watch the House Financial Services Committee in Congress.


First time I ever watched a congressional committee, And I watched it. And really for me it was that the members didn't know what they were talking about. I was like, who are these people? You know? I was 29 at the time, 29 30. And I'm thinking, who are these guys? They don't know what they're talking about. A lot of stuff doesn't make sense. And so that's really what started having me starting to think about politics and You know the journey kind of went from there. But I gotta tell y'all, both my son, he's sitting at home, my son Mason, and he's a huge fan. Oh. So he listens all the time. So I gotta give a shout to Mason. To Luther Mason. Mason. Thank you Mason. Congressman, you just mentioned that you attended FAMU, but graduated from Florida State. We know that Donald Trump committed $255 million annually to HBCUs while the Biden administration invested more than 16 billion since fiscal year 2021 to HBCUs averaging more than $4 billion annually.


They also challenged states through the Department of Education on that same department, that Project 2025 wants to abolish and the US Department of Agriculture to close a $12 billion gap between funding of land grant institutions that are traditionally white institutions and historically black colleges. FAMU is of course one of those schools. As You know, the letter to Governor DeSantis said in the last 30 years alone, an additional over $1.9 billion would've been available for FAMU. Had this disparity not existed. What obligation does Florida have to properly fund FAMU to ensure Rattlers like yourself are properly educated with the resources they deserve?


Well, look, I mean, thank you for the question. I think that the disparities you talk about between some of the You know, I guess probably more prolific universities in our state like UF and FSU versus FMU, and even from some of the, the younger universities like U-W-F-U-N-F, et cetera is something that when I was in the state legislature, we actually talked a lot about my last year in Tallahassee. There was a project for the student services building. It was about a $25 million contract project. Myself and members on the Democrat side of the aisle. We worked with the leadership in Tallahassee and then Governor DeSantis to make sure that FAMU got the money they needed to build that project out completely.


And so that's something specifically I worked on. I think going forward, You know that is something we gotta definitely address. I totally agree with that. I think there's two issues though in higher education. We gotta also address, we do have a problem with the unaffordability of college. And a part of the reason why it is a problem is because so much money is, is poured into universities. And we have told so many kids in, in the United States that the only way to be successful is to go to college. I'm from the generation, I don't wanna talk about your age, Angela. I'm leave that alone. I'm gonna call you 32 years old and I'm gonna walk away. I'm 44. I'll be 45 next month. It's all Good. No, 32 is way better. But anyway. Oh, You know. No, it's not. I'm It's all right. It's all right. It's all right.


But I think the point is that we have to start telling You know young people that there's multiple ways to be successful. When you have a situation coming from high school where all your successes can only be found with a four year degree, what you also end up doing is you put upward pressure on the cost of college, but you're getting a lot of people coming outta college who have a degree that doesn't have economic value when there are multiple pathways for, for success in the United States. So funding that is on par through all universities is important. I do agree. But we also have to address the realities that's pushing every high school student into college with the false reality that a college degree is gonna make you successful, is not gonna help them help, help them for successful term because they're gonna be burdened with the cost of that degree, going to the real world.


And then realize, hold on, wait a minute. I can't get a job with the degree I have. Not all degrees are the same. I believe personally an accounting degree, a finance degree, like I have an engineering degree, a law degree that has more economic value overall in the economy than a marketing degree, which I also have, or a communications degree or, or, or, or a pH a psychology degree or a philosophy degree, et cetera. If, you can get into psychology and make that work for yourself. So I think there's multiple layers to college education that we need to address. Let Me ask you a question, right? Yeah. So I wanna go back a little bit. So you, you were arrested before for marijuana. Yeah. You were arrested for bank fraud. Yeah. You're also of Caribbean descent.


Yeah, Jamaican. Yeah. When you hear Donald Trump talk about some of the other brothers that were arrested and, and taking out that full ad in the paper, or you hear them talking about Haitian people eating dogs and cats, you still stand by them. And what they believe in If. you do. Why? Well, a couple things first, because You're given a second chance because like, oh yeah. Like, like we should have, like you should have been, but yeah, You know. Why do you still stand by them? If, you do. Well, I think you also gotta acknowledge that when he was president, he also did the first step act, which under did, which undid a lot of the issues with the 94 crime bill that a lot of politicians, including the current president, were four. He undid that when he was president of the United States. I think second changes are important in, in society.


I think everybody's afforded them. You know what happened with the Central Park five. I was probably sixth, seventh grade, eighth grade when that was going down in New York. Yep. I can't really speak to that. But what I also, it Was all over the paper. Oh, I know. It was all, it was everywhere. You couldn't escape it. We Were around the same means. So we seen it everywhere. You couldn't Escape it. But what I would also add is that in 2000, Donald Trump was a member of the Reform Party. Most people don't talk about this. He was a member of the Reform Party. When David Duke joined the reform party. He left. And he famously said, I can't be associated with that party. 'cause they let David Duke come in. That man is a Klansman. When he bought Mar-a-Lago, he desegregated Mar-a-Lago. But at the time when he bought it, only white people were allowed in Mar-a-Lago, he desegregated, that allowed black people and Jewish people to be a, be a part of Mar-a-Lago.


So I think that when you start going down the road of the past, you have to take a man in his totality. I know the man today. And then when you couple that with the economic policies, the energy policies, the foreign policy, we have to acknowledge the reality that in The World today, the United States is in the midst of two conflicts. Not directly, but indirectly. We just sent troops over into the Middle East because of the growing conflict with our ally Israel having to essentially secure it's, it's a sovereignty and its protection from Hezbollah and Hamas. Well, when Donald Trump was president, we didn't have to do any of that. So I acknowledged the stuff that you're talking about that happened in the past, but I think you have to take a man on the full record. And when he was president, he did release a lot of black people from prison.


He did that. He did try to reform some of the criminal justice system. He did that as well. And so that, that work is just as important as something that might, he might have said back during the Central Park five I, I acknowledge the first step back. But when you said he undid the 94 crime bill, what do you mean? What I mean is that the reforms in the first step back did undid in part some of the issues in the 94 crime bill? Not totally. Not totally. It dealt with the sentencing of those people who were re, who either had their sentences reduced or were released, and their convictions were in line with the 94 crime bill in the way criminal statutes were written during that, during that, under that piece of legislation. Mm. And his thoughts on the whole Haitian, hold on. Go. What was that? Oh, what's up, Angela? Sorry.


Just on this, on this same point, you talked about taking the man in his totality. Yeah. So one of those things in his totality is what happened on January 6th, which was your first term in Congress. Yeah. Do you think he should be held accountable? Donald Trump should be held accountable for his role in the January 6th Insurrection? Well, I mean, listen, first of all, I will tell you that everybody's responsible for their own actions. Just like I'm not gonna blame friends or blame anybody else for the things I've done wrong in my life. I'm not gonna put that on him. I'm not gonna go, I'm not gonna run around and blame Bernie Sanders for the fact that Steve Sise was shot. Because If, you go back and look at when Steve Scalise, who's the current leader in the House of Representatives who almost died at a congressional baseball practice.


Hold on, I'm gonna explain this. So I'm gonna come back to January 6th. Yeah, please do. No, I will. Of course. The shooter that almost killed Steve Scalise, the Republican leader, he said vehemently that the reason why he went to the congressional baseball practice of Republicans to shoot it up was because he felt that Republicans were gonna take away healthcare. And what he had heard in his rhetoric was that was dangerous. And he, Republicans had to be stopped. So I'm gonna translate that to January 6th. The shooter is the one that perpetrated that crime. I'm not gonna put that on Bernie Sanders, who he cited at for the rhetoric about around why he went to the congressional baseball practice. And that's a shooter that almost killed Steve Scalise. Let me translate. Donald Trump authorized 10,000 National Guard troops.


I'm on the oversight committee. He actually authorized 10,000 troops on January 4th, two days before January 6th, obviously. So if you're gonna say that you incited an Insurrection, then how are you also gonna, how are you also gonna authorize 10,000 National Guard troops to be at the Capitol? Are you inciting or are you not? Because the record is, he authorized the troops. Nancy Pelosi and Muriel Bowzer, the mayor of DC did not want the troops at the Capitol. Mario Bowzer signed a letter on, on January 5th, wanting the National Guard troops to be on traffic duty in dc. Now, here's the funny thing about January 5th, 2021, is that nobody was in DC because DC's rules around COVID-19 had the entire city shut down.


The streets were empty during this time. So the National Guard that was authorized by Donald Trump were on traffic duty when there was no traffic when they could have been at the Capitol. That's the history of January 6th. So your question is, well, did he, did he incite a riot? Well, I never seen somebody inside What I Angela And I make. I just because know And I don't wanna cut you up. I'm make one point. I'm gonna make one point. I don't wanna cut you up. No, no, no. But I just, I wanna make sure that you're addressing the right point. 'cause I actually did not use that language. What I asked you was, should Donald Trump be held accountable for his role in January 6th? And so what I think is important is to, to compare this to Steve Scalise being shot after someone wanted healthcare versus the rhetoric, the very dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump spouted on January 6th, where more than a, more than almo, more than 1200 people have been charged.


Yeah. In nearly all 50 states for their role. And 140 police officers were assaulted the same police officers that your party has said they want qualified immunity for in Donald Trump. Because we're looking at the totality of the person has said they should have full immunity. Right. And when you think about the, the number of police officers who would get full immunity for their role in killing and being violent with people in our community like George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Tamir Rice, Freddie Gray, Philando Castile, Charlene Lyles, Manny Ellis. Is that really the kind of rhetoric that you wanna push?


Especially at The Breakfast Club. Well, hold on a second, Angela. 'cause you brought in like four different topics now. Do you wanna talk about club? No, I didn't. What I brought in was January 6th, responsibility, police accountability, And I used examples of why they should be held accountable. But you all, you talked about how fantastic he was with the crime bill, which I object, but I'll let you finish your point. Fair. You also have not acknowledged the fact that this man was vehemently opposed to the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act. And you all are supposed to be the party that protects law enforcement, where over 150 police officers were assaulted that day on January 6th because of Donald Trump's Rhetoric. Okay. So, so let me respond to a couple things. Number one, sure. The George Floyd, the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act.


There were actually two bills that were moving through the United States Senate that year. There was the George Floyd Policing Act that you discussed. And it was the bill that was written by Senator Tim Scott. They were both moving. Yes. They were both through the moving through the Senate. Right. The Tim Scott Bill is the one that could have got signed into law. It was essentially a mirror image of the George Floyd bill, except for a qualified immunity. The difference between those two bills, and Angela, you just acknowledged that the only difference between those two bills was qualified immunity. The issue with qualified immunity is very simple. If, you remove qualified immunity from policing, you're gonna have less officers on the street. Police officers make what? 70, 80, $90,000 a year they have.


Most law enforcement has about 40 million or more encounters every single year with citizens under, if you've removed qualified immunity, I'm telling you this right now. 'cause I've talked with law enforcement of officers all across the country, not the chiefs, the officers. They will not be working these communities. I'm from Brooklyn, New York. I'm from Crown Heights, Brooklyn. I may not have always loved having the police in my neighborhood. And that's just a thing from a kid. I may not have always loved it, but when I needed them, they were there. And a lot of our officers today, they're black, they're Hispanic, they're white. So removing qualified immunity only lowers the, the number of officers in communities. What we're seeing right now is a movement of policing from states where they're not really respecting law enforcement to states where they do or there's not that moral support for law enforcement.


I was in my district yesterday, I was talking with an officer who's from Philadelphia. He was a Philadelphia officer. He now is a Fort Myers officer. I asked him, I said, well, why'd you make the move? He goes, because up there, there was no support for me as a officer for what I love to do, which is serve my community. So I said, enough is enough. I'm gonna move. He went to Florida. My, my sheriff in Florida, he's like, I have more applications coming from officers who are in states or in localities where they're not getting the, the moral support or whatever they need to continue to do their job day in, day out. And so they're leaving. Well, who does that hurt? That hurts. That hurt. Who does that really hurt though, Charlemagne? Because If, you don't have officers in If. you don't have officers on the streets or officers You know in urban areas who's really left in that lurch.


Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out what, what does qualified immunity have to do with having less police officers? Because why would that? Because the economic incentive of qualified immunity means that your personal assets aren't gone after if something goes wrong. So it You know you're in business. You are in business. Do you get involved in a project or a deal that leaves you massively exposed financially? You may, depending on your passion for that project. But then you also sit back and think, now wait a minute. If something goes wrong, I'm gonna be held massively li but y'all, maybe I need to do. So Goes wrong. We're talking about people getting violently Yeah. Hurt or killed. Yeah. Clearly that you brushed over. But it, When somebody clearly violates the constitutional right.


And when you're, when you violate a constitutional right, qualified immunity doesn't apply to you. And that's what I'm talking about. It does not. And Angela don't do that. It does not If you. I thought that was the definition. I No, it does definition If. you op If, you carry yourself outside of the confines of your training and the protocols of that department qualified immunity doesn't apply to you. It does not. That's not true. That is very true. That is very true. That Is patently False. That is No, no. It is patently true. And we need to make sure we have that accurate. We cannot make that statement because you have a lot of officers out here who do their job, but honor and dignity and respect for the people that they serve. Okay, listen, qualified immunity is a legal doctrine that protected government, government officials from civil lawsuits when they perform their jobs, unless they clearly violated a constitutional rights.


That's exactly what I'm saying. And what is a violation of that, right? Is when they're outside the norms of their training and the protocols of that department, or that agency. Or that agency. But Here's, here's the main thing, like, because we can actually go past qualified immunity because this is the place where you've refused to answer both on Donald Trump's accountability and on the law enforcement that you love so dearly. Right? What we know is that he's seeking full immunity, like the same immunity he, he now has because of the Supreme Court, because of the corruption of the Supreme Court, we have now gone beyond civil presidential immunity to criminal presidential immunity. He would like to give that same immunity to law enforcement. True or false?


Well, let's, let's expand that a couple things. True or false? You can't ask a true or false, Angela, because you gotta explain the details. No, see this the problem, I don't Want you to explain the details. 'cause when you explain the Details, you, you Don't people down Road. Why don't tell Los Angela the details of what the things that matter. You gotta explain the details you to do or then you just talk you And then explain. Do that If, you don't If you don't explain the details, then you're just talking. Yeah. You don't wanna say that because You know that it's not true. So that Is not true. You wanna true a false statement, Congress, Congressman, I wanna know, I Don't wanna argue with you. I wanna explain the facts in this country. Angela, I don't wanna argue with you. Wanna Explain the facts. I would You know If, you've ever experienced racism in this country? Congressman? Yeah. Actually I have. Okay. Do you believe America's a racist country? No, I don't. Okay. I believe that you That's true because you said that in an op-ed on Fox News as a black conservative, I like Senator Scott, agree in our two lives and the lives of many black men and women like us are living proof that America is indeed no longer a racist nation.


And by far the best place to reach your fullest potential. And so here's my question. You did however vote to support the Emmett Till anti-Lynching Act, of course, along with every member of the house except for three Republicans. So I appreciate your bipartisan. Of course I did bipartisanship there. And I. What I do know as well, because America is in fact, a racist country, was founded on such principles. Black men were lynched by the Carceral state last week. I'm sure you've heard of Marcellus Williams by now in Missouri, who was convicted by a nearly all white jury. And Freddie Owens in South Carolina, who was executed despite his friend recanting testimony that Owens was not. In fact, there, this is the same state by the way, that allowed for a firing squad as an execution option.


Black people are about seven and a half times more likely to be wrongfully convicted of murder in the United States than are white folks. And about 80% more likely to be innocent than others. Convicted of murder, according to a 2022 report by the National Registry of Exonerations. So please tell me how America is not a racist country. First thing I would say is that our past is a dark one. It really is. We can't, we can't walk away from that. We had whole laws that were subjugating black people in the south of this, of this nation for decades after the Civil War. We can't walk away from that one. I believe that in America, we have great people in this country, and we have some people, quite frankly, that even I can't stand, but they're the vast, vast, vast minority of people in our country.


Most people just wanna live in harmony and peace. That's what they, that's what they really want. I think the important thing to acknowledge today is what's gonna help black people going forward and what's gonna help black people moving forward is economic policy. It's actually wide open energy policy. So we can be energy dominant. It's yes, securing our southern border because we have a situation right now. Well, yeah, there are more than 15 million illegal aliens in the country. Where, where do they reside? Mostly in sanctuary cities like New York. Where are they at? Sanctuary states like Illinois, like California. What's happening in those cities? Hospital systems are overrun. Why are they overrun? Because you have people in the country illegally who don't have resources. So they're going into the emergency room where, who, well, what are they taking up?


They're taking resources from poor people in our country, whether they're black, whether they're Hispanic, whether they're white. That's wrong. What about education? We have a situation where in too many inner cities, kids are not reading at grade level or they're not doing, they don't have math skills at grade level. How does that help them excel and achieve? I don't wanna discount what Angela is saying. I don't, I acknowledge the issue of our nation, but we always are trying to strive to be the more perfect union. So in 2024, what are the economic policies? What are the national security policies? What are the border security policies that are gonna make our country thrive? So whether you black, Hispanic or white, you could thrive. Why? And so and so. I think it's a point. I Don't wanna, so then you would, you have to say that if it wasn't a racist country, whether you're black, white, or Hispanic, you could thrive.


No. No. Are we thriving? Is your, are are members in your state? Well, I would Argue black in your state. I would argue we're not really thriving right now. This inflation, which by the way, was brought to us by Kamala Harris, is, has really slowed down people from being able to excel by Kamala. Yes. Vice president. Oh, oh, Charlamagne buts still the president. Charlamagne. Listen man, when Joe Biden wanted to do his American rescue plan, Kamala Harris was the tiebreaking and vote in the United States Senate. She broke the tide that started this inflation that has hurt so many people in our country. Everybody listening to your show. That's, it's not true. First of all, it's, You sure you wanna go there? Tiebreaking vote. You sure wanna go there? Go Outside out Soon You Go outside. You wanna Go there? Okay, let's go There.


You had it pretty, you got notes. What I ask You got notes Angela Rod. That's fine. I have notes I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give it to Char I have today. I'm gonna give to Char Hold it. I've asked, Because Angela, Angela, Every, for every infrastructure project in your community, you can to to third Page out just a highlight Portion should go thank Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and the Congress that voted for the American Rescue plan. And that's what, that's what should be Happening. Larry Summers wrote a op-ed back in 2021, Larry Summer. Larry Summers was the Treasury secretary for Bill Clinton. He was an economic advisor to Barack Obama. He said that the American rescue plan that Joe Biden wanted, that Kamala Harris was the tie, break and vote in the United States Senate would create a massive inflation that we have not seen in a generation.


Well, guess what? Larry Summers was Correct. You know who also was correct. Angela, I was, 'cause I was in the budget committee when they brought the bill. And, I said in that committee, it's gonna cause massive inflation. That's what happened. So the problem we have in our economy today is that prices have gone up massively. Wages adjusted for inflation is down. People's pocketbooks are hurting. But we have a presidential election of 40 days. So, and I'm gonna ask envy this question. Envy, I'm listening. You do you do h you do you, you you are in the housing business as well. I know. 'cause I watched, I can't figure out How you listen to the show, Be interviews. No, I'm just asking them a question. Chill Angela. So I You know And I. Listen to the show. I know you do a lot of business in housing. Would you hire somebody that broke up stuff in one of your houses to fix the other houses?


No. Exactly. She broke the economy. I'm not do That's not this, this morning, Byron. Well, You know gonna do this Because I'm bringing facts. And I on Now Try to, so now I'm bringing facts and you don't wanna do no more. Come on now, Angela. That's not right. I'm bringing facts to You. I thought we were gonna have a fact based conversation. You wanted bring vote. I wanna have a fact based conversation. You wanted to bring up votes. And so let's talk about votes. Go ahead. You have a 96% voting record with Heritage Action. Angela, I'm not running for President, but we can talk about For the, for those who are listening. Yeah. Heritage Action is a part of the Heritage Foundation, which is the arc, the architect of Project 2025, which we can talk about more later.


Okay. You voted no on HR 84 0 4, which will provide federal recognition and protection to interracial couples. What? And that that actually is a law that would benefit you Congressmen, given your Mar your marriage. You voted no HR 68 78 on requiring the Bureau of Prisons to provide incarcerated women with certain pregnancy related care, including sexually transmitted infectious testing, contraception, appropriate housing bedding, clothing, access to hydration and restrooms, prenatal vitamins and other appropriate conditions of confinement, screening and care for high risk pregnancy, substance use, and mental health support, including postpartum depression and prenatal education.


The list goes on and it would limit the use of solitary confinement for pregnant women. You voted no twice. May I address on the John Lewis Voting Rights Act? Okay. Which would've restored the protections originally enshrined in the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which I've heard you tout. You also voted no on HR 32 33, which established the bipartisan commission to investigate the terrorist and in insurrectionist attack on January 6th at the Capitol. So you wanna talk about voting? Sure. Please explain why you would vote so clearly against the interests of people who look just like you. And I. So the first two bills you talk about, I'll actually have to go back and see it because a lot of problems with some of these bills are all of the other things that get put into them, not just the things that you're talking about.


Specific to the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. The reason why I did not vote for that bill is because that bill would reinstitute what's called pre-clearance right now. Yes. Hold on man. Angela, you wanna let me talk? Here we go. Here we go. Two, Here we go. Is that okay? Just say yes. Okay, here we go. So check this out. Are you okay? Pre-clearance right now under federal law, I've really, by Supreme Court precedent is no longer the law of the land. The reason why that is, is because there's not been over the last 30 years in elections, there's not been cases, or there's not been any specific cases around why you need pre-clearance in the first place. Like was needed back in 1965 where you did have counties that were systematically discriminating against black people. So the, they could not prove, the plaintiffs could not prove at any point in the last 30 years where you still need a pre-clearance.


I live in a pre-clearance county. Collier County, Florida is a pre-clearance county. I've lived in Collier County for 23 years now. 23 years. There's never been an issue with me casting a vote in Collier County, Florida at any time over the last 23 years. And that's before I became an elected official. That's when I showed up down there working the Cracker Barrel, being a waiter and just figuring out how to make ends meet. And I could still cast my ballot. So every other protection under the Civil Rights Act of 1965 is still law today. What my democratic colleagues want is they want national pre-clearance. So that if any jurisdiction, whether if they were a historically discriminatory jurisdiction or not, if they made a change in their procedure like reshifting, a precinct deciding to shrink or expand precincts, that would actually have to go to the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department for approval before they can make those changes.


Now why is that not important today? More people are voting by mail. So you have a situation where local election jurisdictions are shrinking precincts or resizing precincts or putting two precincts together because they don't have the volume of people going to cast ballots in those precincts. You're now telling me that you have to now go to the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department to get approval to put two voting precincts together. That's why the the John Lewis Act, and in all due respect to John Lewis, great man, phenomenal career. But that's why that bill of putting pre-clearance in nationally, even in jurisdictions where there were no historical discrimination of black people is not necessary legislation.


Those are the details. And this is on the other side of 747,000 voters being purged in North Carolina. This is on the other side. This, this pre-clearance provision was struck in Shelby County versus Holder, which is a super and has had a pass of being super discriminatory since that a hundred laws have been put in place to make voting rights more restrictive for people of color for the last 10 years. So what you're saying is not factually Accurate. So I actually, it's very factual. And I. Remember when Georgia changed their voting law? It was Joe Biden who was down in Georgia talking to Baja. This was not even Jim Crow was whatever. I forget what he said. Jim Crow or whatever. Jim Crow two Point out. Oh, do you wanna talk about Jim Crow as Well?


But this is what Joe Biden said. Hold on, let's finish. Let me finish now. So this is what Joe Biden said back in 2022, I think is what he said. What happened with Georgia's new voting law that I would assume, I'm gonna assume Angela, I don't know for sure. I haven't seen what you said. The.


World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


We're turning up the heat on the newest episode of all the Smoke Vice President and Democratic presidential nominee. Kamala Harris pulls up to the show to discuss her historic presidential run. Most people have ambition, they have aspirations, they have dreams, and they are willing to work hard. And if we give people the opportunity to actually meet those goals, they jump for it. Every time Matt and Stack will be diving deep into the journey that brought her here, her vision for the future, and the real stories behind the headlines. Make sure you check out all the smoke with Vice President Kamala Harris out now listen today on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dene Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There Are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks. Stephanie exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state and she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session 24 hours. BPM. 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake her Up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say It. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We Passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a chauffeur, the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


That I would you, I would assume you would say, is restrictive of black people in Georgia. In 2022 there was record turnout of black voters in the state of Georgia record turnout, I'm assuming in 2024 because those are the trends in the state of Georgia. You're gonna have record turnout of black voters in 2024. So you had Joe Biden use a terrible part of our past to try to to to, to move people emotionally in a negative response to what Georgia was doing. What we have seen in the outcome is that Georgia has actually had more voter voting inclusion of people of color and of black people in that state. The new Georgia laws make voter intimidation easier. How so? How? Yeah, I think, I think the most important thing here, Byron, that I think we're overwhelmingly hear you say is as a black man in Florida, your argument is that it's easier to vote today than it was in 2013 when the Supreme Court eviscerated the Voting Rights Act of 1965.


Which again, I've heard you tout your argument is that states don't need pre-clearance. That counties don't need pre-clearance. No, they don't. That there's been no discriminatory impact since Shelby Counter versus Holder. And that's why they should get rid of it. You brought up Jim Crow and I'm glad you did because you also have had something to say about Jim Crow. And. I know that this, for whatever reason, has been unnecessarily tense. But I would love to invite you to clarify your remarks around Jim Crow so that that can, you can at least get rid of that part of misinformation. It's clear that you do stand opposed to the Voting Rights Act though. In 2024. No, we were talking, we were in Philadelphia. We were talking about just the rise of black families again and which is actually a great thing in our country.


And really comparing that to what was happening under that time period. The Jim Crow era where yeah, marriage rates in the black family were very high after that era with Lyndon Johnson's great society. In part, that is the reason for the decrease in the marriage rate in black families. And if you're gonna have a strong, in order to have strong black families, obviously you need to father in a home. You're starting to see that again in America. That's a great thing because when fathers are at home helping to raise their kids and nurture their kids, it puts their kids in a better position to be able to be successful going forward. Like my dad wasn't there when I grew up. It was really hard for my mom. You know, my mom still lives in Brooklyn. You know she still lives here today. So I stand on her shoulders 'cause she did so many things for me.


She was mom to quote her, she was mom and dad and she did it all. But we Are you married to a black woman? No. Okay. No, no. But we also gotta acknowledge that your kids standing on your shoulders is what propels them to be successful. You know, like my sons are in position, in part because my success, my wife's success. But then also because you had two parents in there living together, growing together, thriving together For black people. Let's, let's listening. You know, because I, I, I did homework. And I. Like to see sometimes what black people feel about congressmen and a lot of Yeah. Black people who I, I look at online and look at the comments. Don't feel like you're for them. Whether it's you don't feel like this is a racist country.


You didn't Let him answer the question though. I'm Sorry, go ahead. Yeah, The Jim Crow. Crow. What was the question? Oh, oh, oh. Saying, still saying Chris. What? Clarify. He clarified. He was saying that saying No, I was just, I was just talking about, yeah, I'm sorry. Go ahead Angela. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I guess I guess for Angela, what I would, what you should ask him is like, for those who criticize those comments, what did they get Wrong? I think what they got wrong is they think that, I was trying to say that Jim Crow was this great era for black people. That's crazy. I would never say that. And never ever say that. Matter of fact, that's what I took from It. Not just because of the way the narrative was was pointed. That's What I took from it. And I. Think what happened, what the narrative happened was in that room, it was all black people, A handful of reporters, the Philadelphia Inquirer wrote the story. The Philadelphia Inquirer actually wrote it accurately. What happened was, is that when it was the Biden campaign, the Biden campaign saw the story and they came out with this, this tweet that made it seem like I was memorializing Jim Crow.


That's crazy. So then Hakeem Jeffries, the democratic leader, he went to the floor, gave a speech about it, and before You know it, this thing is going worldwide. So then I found myself in this position like, wait, hold up. My comms guy is telling me, Hey, they're trying to hit you on your comments in Philadelphia. I'm like, over what? I was talking about black families and the growth of black families going forward in America. And that's a good thing. They said, no, they're saying you're memorializing Jim Crow. I was like, man, that's, oh, I was, why would I was go personal airway. But you should. I was just like, why didn't I say fuck Jim Crow then? I mean easy. Fuck Jim Crow. Nobody wants that. Like, listen, this is the problem though. But what happens in politics is people will see a statement and then they wanna emotionalize it. They wanna sensationalize it. To diminish your point of view and what you stand for and what you believe, like I believe in economic growth for everybody.


I'm, I grew up, I was in a banking, I was banking background is my career. So when I hear envy talk sometimes about access to capital, I know exactly what he's talking about. Because current financial regulatory policy on Capitol Hill has only made the large banks bigger. They've massive, they've massively, massively decreased community banking in America. Well, if you're a young entrepreneur, young black entrepreneur, where are you gonna go to get capital from Citi, from Wells Fargo, from Chase, or from the community bank down the street where that community bank is in your community. We have less community banking today in the United States than we had in 2009. The only difference financial regulatory policy, now if I wanna bring politics into it, that policy was Dodd-Frank, which was written by Congressional Democrats.


They passed it unanimously by themselves and then President Barack Obama signed it into law. The impacts of that regulatory policy has seen a decrease in community banking in the United States. That is the facts. And what that also does, it helps to diminish access to capital for people who look like us, who don't have the credit backgrounds, they don't have the family backgrounds, they don't have the historical backgrounds to get that capital and to rise and succeed. I wanna change all that. That's what I believe What you saying interview You saying black people don't like my, do I? I was just gonna say though, don't you, do you feel like you get it honest though with people not liking you because of all the other stuff sometimes that you took and you stand on and And I just wanna read this quote to make sure this is what you said. 'cause you're saying that they misquoted you or they took things.


So you said during Jim Crow, more black people were not just conservative because black people have, black people always have always been conservative minded, but more black people voted conservatively. Yeah. Is that correct? Yeah, that's what I said. Right. But like during that time the parties were a lot different though, right? Not totally. I think that that's one of the things they were Very different. I was asking a question. I know the answer to come on You know meant, but I'm asking a question. I'm answer to And. I want, I'm trying to answer Her question. I want you to answer your question though. That You know that I'm a person that can read. Of course. Okay. So during that time, You just read it to me. I know you can read. Yeah, yeah. Thank you. Yeah. So during that time the parties were different. So when you say something like this, and then people take what you say and put it in a context as to where the parties were at that time, and you can explain to the people where the parties were during Jim Crow and what the difference is between now and then.


You understand why people headlined it and and got upset the way that they did. Correct. Well, a a couple things. Let's talk about the, the parties historically, yes, Let's talk about it. The Republican Party was the party of emancipation. It has always been a party that stood for the free, for the freeing of slaves and for civil rights, If, you go back to the Civil Rights Acts, and it's not just the 64 Act. There were actually five other civil rights acts before 1964, massively overwhelmingly supported by the Republican party. It was Democrats that were holding up those. It when the 64 Act was going and before it went into law, the filibuster in the United States Senate was led by Democrat senators of the United States Senate.


All those democratic senators that filibuster the 1964 Civil Rights Act, they remained Democrat senators. They didn't switch to become Republican senators. Robert Bird was a lawyer for the clan. He was a Democrat senator. He was the dean of the Democrat Senate until the day he died. He didn't change parties. Now I will acknowledge that Richard Nixon, in response to, in response to just political moves of that era, he started going into the south to try to go find the conservative Democrat votes in the South. You call 'em Dixiecrats or whatever, to find conservative Democrat voters in the South in order to be able to frankly win the presidential election. When he was running during that era, he did do that.


Where I'm highly critical of the Republican party, my colleagues will tell you, is that the Republican party in the sixties really didn't even try to get black votes, didn't try to court black voters, didn't try to talk about about black issues, didn't try to engage black people. And so as I come along, my politics are about policy, not about personalities. I believe in policies that help people thrive and succeed. Where I tell people today in the Republican Party is you have black voters who are sitting back and saying, okay, now wait a minute. I've heard these speeches before. I've heard these talking points before, but nothing in my life is really changing. If you're trying to go court black voters, you actually have to go and engage black people.


And so that's why I go everywhere. I just don't do Fox News. I think people kind of know that about me now. No, I I I just don't do Fox News. I I go everywhere. Why? Because I'm trying to share my philosophies and my thoughts. I think political parties over time, they do adjust, but what's really happening today is that people are moving underneath the feet of the political parties. I think that's a good thing for the country. So speaking of moving underneath the feet of the parties, you wanna talk about policy. And so I want to just play quickly what you said about Reparations. Dr. King said at the Italian end of July, he said, we're going to Washington to get our check. You understand?


So now what is y'all position on Reparations? Thank you. Let them answer. Thank you. Thank you. I don't believe in Reparations. I don't Then you don't. The black community. So you don't believe, you don't believe In Reparations. Oh wow. Why do you, y'all play the rest of the clip, man, I was on fire during that one. Nah, because Byron, I think its important for people to get your yays and nays, just like you have to do on the house floor. You have to take a up or down vote on an issue. You took a down vote on this and you haven't supported HR 40. So If, you wanna talk about the complexities of Reparations, whether or not there should be a study in this country.


You again have said that this country's not racist. And even though it's ha it has a dark pass, it doesn't sound like you think it has a dark present. You have not sponsored that bill. You haven't co-sponsored that bill. Why not? Well, a couple things. One, that's why I wish you played the clip. 'cause I actually went into very well, you can explain detail, but I will, a couple things is, alright, how many people in the United States today are actually descendants of slave owners? Forget descendants of slaves. Let's, let's hold that to the side. Descendants of slave owners. You've had massive immigration in to the United States over the last 150 years. So now you're, you're gonna say that people who immigrated to the United States who are not descendants of slave owners, were not descendants of that trade.


Now they're gonna be responsible for paying that out going forward. My mother's Jamaican, my father's Panamanian, you have a lot of black people in this country who are not descendants of the American slave trade. So I already know off top, there's a lot of black people in, in, in America who aren't going to be able to get that kind of benefit or, or get Reparations. Well, most people who are for Reparations, they feel like it should go to what they call foundational black Americans anyway. And And I agree with that point. I agree with that point, but I'm just saying, I'm just, just laying out these are the reasons for why, why I'm no, so while I'm sitting out, they do Support Reparations for what Leonard just deemed as quote foundational black Americans. No, no, no. I I I don't, no And I. But I wanna explain that. I wanna explain that. And so that's why you have a lot of people saying, okay, well then what are we going to do?


And so my fo my view is, is that what you do going forward is this why you have to have wholesale changes in economic medical policy, et cetera, so that the, the ability to access various parts of our economy and grow in our economy, work for everybody, including, including people in our country who are quote unquote found foundationally black. Now, let me translate to what's happened in California. This is your state. In California. There was a push to the Rep I'm asking from Washington State. Oh, I'm sorry. But I heard earlier using California. So that's why I'm saying it. No problem. So there was a bill in California for Reparations, the California Assembly, which is massively Democrat. They didn't move that bill. They could have moved that bill.


When they were asked why they weren't moving that bill, they, they tuck tail and turned, and turned, ran away. They didn't even have the, they didn't even have the guts to actually answer that question. So I'm here with y'all. I'll tell you why I'm a no, but you have Democrats who will say therefore something, but when it comes time to actually do it, they're not there for you. They say they run away, they don't answer the question or, and to be blunt, like the current vice president, not answering a lot of questions, but she did say that she's for Reparations after she said she wasn't. So which one is it? No, she never said she wasn't Didn't. That's never happened. That That's the false narrative. All right. That's fine. I'm gonna let, I'm gonna let you, I mean she was, she was here when she said, I'm, I'm answer question. I'm gonna let you have it. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna challenge. Yeah, I'm challenge. But I guess the question is, Congressman, you say that you're not for Reparations.


Right? Then you go on and say that there are a lot of elected officials. We know that racism is a bipartisan problem. Right. So on that, do You know who was the father of affirmative action? No. That's a good question. Actually, I don't know the answer to that one. The answer is a Republican by the name of Dr. Arthur Fletcher, who worked, you brought up Richard Nixon earlier. Right? He worked with Richard Nixon. Right. But I've noted that you are opposed to affirmative action. Again, another policy that would democratize access to all of the things that you've talked about to including economic access for black people. So on that, what do you Want black people to have? Byron? I want 'em to have everything I want 'em to have access to, to everything that this nation can do when it's running.


Right. How do we, yeah. Why be against the legislation that provides that then? Yeah, because you have a situation now where the real question is, do you need a affirmative action today? Not, did you need affirmative action? The answer to that is a hundred percent. Yes, you absolutely needed it. The question is, in 2024 and 2028 and 2032, do you need that? Now? I would argue the thing you need more now is you gotta have equality in terms of the level of academic attainment for young black kids. What a young black kid needs more now than anything today is to be able to read and write, read at, at grade level, write at grade level, do math at grade level, and frankly and beyond. That's what they need to do. You know by, I don't disagree with you, but I just don't trust white supremacy that much.


Yeah. I'm thinking, I feel like you need that type of legislation. I feel like you need those guardrails in place to make sure To protect. To protect, yes. And to make sure those type of things happen. You coming outta Brooklyn, you don't, you don't like, that doesn't register with you. Of course, because you talk about your mom, the movie a private school percent. So why now? Like 'cause Right. The kid that had to be moved out of that public school to a private school. Yeah. 'cause you said that you were being trapped in a failing school. Yeah. You know that those schools, a lot of them are still failing. So why do You know? But you, you think that if we get these things and we put these people in place, that you are mentioning that all of that will just change. Like I don't, we know that it doesn't even work that fast. Even if people wanted to, Lemme put it this way. 'cause You know Charlamagne, you brought up the port about, you think that you need those to guard against white supremacy? Well, I would argue, is it white supremacy to lock kids in failing schools, to not give them an option to go to find an academic environment that suits their interest?


I would argue that it would be white supremacy to e to, to basically move millions of people into our country illegally on purpose and have them overwhelm our systems here in New York City. The system is overwhelming. We already know that why? I think that's Just a one party problem, though. Like, I feel like the You know what's been happening at the border has been happening under so many different administration. So has red Redlining has too. Redlining is not just One side thing. Hold on, stop. Not, not like this. Not like this. Under Donald Trump, there are about 2.4 million people that came into the country illegally under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. That number is easily 10 million. That's what they know of. It's probably more like 15 million because it's people that can't through the border. It's not even, it's not even the same thing. But hold on, I'm gonna make my point. I'm gonna make my point.


We talked about financial regulatory policy, access to capital. I would argue it actually upholds the pillars of quote unquote white supremacy to not have free flowing access to capital in the United States. So if you're a black person trying to find a way to raise money for your business, it is harder for you because you just don't even have as many avenues to go to. But the policies, I advocate for the obvious, the policies that conservatives advocate for is actually loosening up the ability for kids to find a school of their choice, putting their parents at the head of the line, giving their parents the ability to make that purchasing decision. My mom made a purchase decision for me when it was very hard for her to put the resources together. She was barely making ends meet to do that. But she loved me, did that for me.


I think if you're gonna fund public education, fund the parents' ability to make that decision so they can decide where their, where their kids go. That's some of the, that's some of the policy. I think Charlemagne, that gives all families, especially black families, black mothers, black fathers, the ability to have their kids go further in America than anything before And I don't think that I, I mean, I'm, I'm not against that. I'm just also not against putting something in place that like makes sure that when that fails, because yeah, man, it's so many people and it will, it's already doing it right now. You trust white people more than we do. You know that You know what I mean? It's just like, why not have something that comes in and says, okay, this kid from Brooklyn can get to go to that school because that mom didn't get that money. However, that kid is still smart and should be able to go to that school.


It's who I don't trust is I don't trust bureaucrats. And, I don't trust politicians coming in here saying, I'm gonna invest blah, blah, blah billions, and it's gonna do this. Then when you turn around later, there was no investment. Or the agencies or the administrators don't know what the hell they're doing to invest that money anyway. I'd rather give people those opportunities directly. I'd rather give people those resources directly. I'd rather make sure that the rules are clear and understood by everybody so people can make decisions. Nothing's perfect. I grant you that we are all imperfect people. So the institutions we put up are gonna be imperfect. There's going to be failures along the way, but centralizing everything in Washington is a absolute goddamn disaster.


What Do say to people, what do you say to people That That say that I, I'm sorry, Lord. I didn't mean, I didn't mean to do that. I, sorry. People say that look like you, you don't support people that look like you and that you who said that against? I mean, you said racist racism doesn't agree or doesn't, it is not in this country talking about a lot of things. So a lot of people don't feel like that. You're actually for the people that you look like, I'm for everybody, man. Including the people I look like, Not for everybody. I'm talking about the people that, that you look like. But I'm for them too. I'm a hundred percent, a hundred percent. I want people to drive and succeed. Well, listen, listen, I came up from nothing. I'm, to be blunt with you. I'm not even supposed to be here. We talked a little bit about my past, the things that I've done wrong, et cetera. The fact that I'm in this position now really is by the grace of God. That's why I'm sorry, God, I didn't mean to make that an earlier statement, but it's by the grace of God.


So what I want is for people to thrive and succeed. But what I also know, when you're talking about economics, when you're talking about public policy, the reality is you gotta have it set up so people, everybody can thrive and succeed in that vehicle. Black people can thrive and succeed when, when, when President are, how do you ensure that everyone succeeds? Congressman is to ensure that there's legislation in place to hold entities and folks accountable. That's, that's actually not true for that success. So you've, this is the place where I Actually, that's actually Angela, that's actually not true. That's actually Not true then, then I just, I just disagree with you. But this is a place where I think we do agree. You've cited the 64 Civil Rights Act. You talked about the 65 Voting Rights Act.


We haven't talked about 68 Fair Housing Act. But I think that you would say that all of those things were helpful Yes. To black folks, Right? Of course. A hundred percent. I would. That's legislation. Okay, so, so if it is legislation to Leonard's point, thank you Leard. And so then I want think we should just touch briefly on Project 2025, which would erode most, most of that progress. Right? So we've already noted your overwhelming voting record with the Heritage Foundation based Agenda. Project 2025 is a joint proposal of the Heritage Foundation. And 25 of the 30 chapters written in Project 2025 were written by former Trump staffers.


At least 140 people who worked for Donald Trump worked on Project 2025. And we know that it is treacherous for the black community because it seeks to dismantle affirmative action, weaken anti-discrimination laws, reduce the enforcement powers of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Which by the way, Clarence Thomas used to work there, reduce Medicaid funding, eliminate programs aimed at addressing health disparities, includes measures to increase policing and incarceration, reduce funding for community-based alternatives, and eliminate initiatives aimed at addressing systemic racism in the justice system.


As a black man, how are you not concerned with the agenda that is proposed by Project 2025? To be blunt, I'm not concerned about it because nobody in the Trump campaign or Donald Trump himself is even talking about it. To be blunt with you, Angela, none of us have even read it. So here's the problem, right? I get it. That this is So none of us is you're saying that the 30, that the 25 of the 30 chapters that were written by his former staff, and at least 140 people who worked for Donald Trump haven't touched it. Are you now distancing yourself from those people? I'm happy to name names, including Steven Miller, who I know you're very familiar with, was a very senior Yeah. Official in the Trump administration, And I.


Know that we're clear about the fact that you guys are not naming it anymore because it's kind of become the boogeyman of this campaign, right? I think I might have to start seeing fuck Project 2025, to be honest with you. I mean really like distance yourself. That's what Donald Trump has done. He's distanced himself every single time. Every time he's asked about it, he goes, I have nothing to do with it. I don't even know what, But Donald Trump isn't here today, Byron. I'm talking to You know I, hold on. Now let me do You know what it, you like it? I haven't read it. So this is the thing, Charlemagne, I haven't read. So I just Named what it does. Angela, first of all, with all due respect, I like to read things for myself before. That's smart You. know what I'm saying? And that's, that's all due respect to you. But I wanna read everything for myself before I make a judgment. I will tell you that like the Heritage Foundation, there are think tanks all through Washington.


You have the Center for American Progress and all these other think tanks. They all do a bunch of policy prescriptions. They all do a bunch of of programs and projects. I think the UN has something called Project 2030. That's a UN project that's going on right now. What I do know is that Heritage Foundation or any other policy group is not setting policy for Donald Trump. Donald Trump setting policy for Donald Trump. He's, Are you gonna distance yourself from the Heritage Foundation as well? Byron? Are you saying that Distance myself, Angela, I'm not a part of the Heritage Foundation. I'm a United States. I'm a United States congressman. You're voting is 96% in alignment with what they've prescribed as policy recommendations for this country. 96%. If Kamala Harris' voting record is 96% of the time aligned with the Center for American Progress, does that mean now not means she works at the Center for American Progress.


Angela, I didn't. That's not the analogy. That's exactly that I made right? That exactly the analogy you making. Come on. Now I have a question. That's Exactly the analogy, The analogy you making right now. What I said was, would you distance yourself from the Heritage Foundation? Would you distance yourself from the project 2025? Would you condemn Project 2025 noting that it will have some horrible impacts on the people who look like you. The very folks who you said that you're working overtime to ensure they have access to this economy. This project would decimate that access and would decimate the Voting Rights Act of 65, which you're still not supporting. Preclearance for 1964 Civil Rights Act and the Fair Housing Act, the all the things that you said that you wanna increase access to.


You Gotta read it for Angela. I just said it. I haven't read it. So there's not something I'm ascribing to or supporting in it. Right? Nobody on the Trump campaign, to my knowledge, including President Trump hasn't. They have not read it. They're not subscribed to it. And let's be very clear, 'cause you mentioned all the people that were in the Trump admin that work over there were doing some of that work. There were people in the Obama admin that work at Think tanks. Now they're doing policy work there were PE of course people at the George, of course. So this happens all the time. I think the, the issue, hold on now, let me finish. Now. There are people who work in presidential administrations on Capitol Hill. They go to think tanks, they write up white papers all the time. That does not mean that what they write up actually becomes law. And so that's the point I'm making. So, so for pre, for Vice President Harris's campaign to be talking so much about Project 2025, which Donald Trump isn't even a part of, has not subscribed to, has not said, this is my plan.


When you can go to his website and you see the policies he wants to support, but She's in lockstep with Project 2025 when One is not Angela, you need to stop now or you can read the Republican No, I don't. Or you can read the Republican platform, which Donald Trump actually changed at our convention this year, which is the policy sets of our party and what we are ascribing to and what we want to do as a party. I think that's where voters need to go. Trump, Donald Trump Has. So if there's No distinction between Project 2025, the Republican platform and Donald Trump's campaign platform, how can you distance yourself from Project 2025? I got, I got a different question because Trump has disavowed projects. I'm seeking an answer. But he did praise the Heritage Foundation a lot for years. Of Course. Yeah. I mean, yeah, we all have praised the Heritage Foundation, but that doesn't mean we agree with that work that Heritage did.


But here's my question. What does Kamala Harris actually wanna do? Because let's talk about her economic plans that she's come out. I'm gonna go through a couple of them. She says she wants to tax unrealized gains. I don't know if she really wants to do that anymore. 'cause Mark Cuban, who's supporting her went on CNBC and said that it would destroy the stock market. Didn't answer Project 2025. But Hold on, we talking About, I'm checking to see Where Kamala Harris already answered that conversation because, because we have a presidential election in 38 days now, which is the thing that's coming forward. So we need to have this conversation. The the, she wants to do price gouging or go after price gouging. Well, how are you gonna do that? Because when you do that, what you're actually gonna do is put downward pressure on prices in our country.


When you do that artificially, what you create is scarcity of product. So what is what that, what is that? What that means is you're gonna have poor people in our country who are gonna have less access to goods and services. 'cause rich people are gonna get their goods and services no matter what. They have the access points, they're gonna get 'em. So you're gonna have less product for poor people in our country. She had a thing about she wants to do $25,000 for a new home, for new first time home buyers. I think that's great. Well, no it's not because what's it's increase of housing $25,000. Because if You know every first time home buyer has $25,000 from the government in their back pocket, you as the seller, you're gonna be like, oh, wait a minute. Every seller writ large is gonna be like, You, know what? Well then I can increase my price at 25,000 bucks.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


We're turning up the heat on the newest episode of all the Smoke Vice President and Democratic presidential nominee. Kamala Harris pulls up to the show to discuss her historic presidential run. Most people have ambition, they have aspirations, they have dreams, and they are willing to work hard. And if we give people the opportunity to actually meet those goals, they jump for it. Every time Matt and Stack will be diving deep into the journey that brought her here, her vision for the future, and the real stories behind the headlines. Make sure you check out all the smoke with Vice President Kamala Harris out now listen today on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Dene Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder a one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state and she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session 24 hours BPM. 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you Say it. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had What back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


It's gonna have a upward trajectory shot on housing costs in our country, which is the thing we don't need in America. Those are three economic policies. I are not willing to work. That's not Like a hypothetical. Yeah. Why would it increase that if somebody gets 25,000 from the government to purchase their phone? Let, let's, let's say, let's say there's 3000001st time home buyers in the United States of America. They all have an additional $25,000 of purchasing power. You do have a situation where every seller in the country is gonna realize, oh shoot, is this a first time home buyer? Well, I know you have an additional 25. When you provide that type of stimulus into an economy, what you end up doing is you increase prices and whatever that, that, whatever that economy is.


She says she wants to build 3 million new homes. How are you gonna do that? Let me, let me explain why. Environmental policy built at the federal and state level makes it much harder to build housing. Whether you believe in, in, in climate change or not. Weather rising energy efficiency, all of those regulations has made it more expensive to build housing. If the federal government says, okay, now we're gonna go for 3 million new homes. Okay, well how's that gonna work? Are you gonna change the regulatory burden for building those new homes? Are you not gonna have a disjointed regulatory burden between the federal house and one built in a private sector that that's not smart. You can't do that. So if you're not gonna change the regulation, you're just gonna pump more money into the system. What you're gonna do is you're gonna push up the cost for the materials to build housing, which is gonna make it more expensive, not less expensive.


And so If, you take advantage of the home that Kamala built for you. Great for you, but for the entire economy writ large, it's not gonna be good because the cost of housing is gonna go up on everybody. That doesn't help people Well, so, so so with that said, you disagree with the stimulus checks too then At the time when stimulus checks were going through under COVID-19, the only reason I agreed with them is because the entire economy was shut down. So when you shut down the entire economy and nobody has an ability to go and earn money, then yeah, you gotta step in the gap and do that. The only difference was the last one we did, which is that's the article I gave you on the American Rescue Plan. Even Larry Summer said the amount of stimulus they were gonna put in was five times the amount of decreased economic input we were having in the country because of the COVID-19 medical protocols that locked down communities in lockdown states.


So that's what created your inflation, which has crippled purchasing power for everybody in our country. Man, go fix a car. Forget we talk about food so much, or we talk about housing so much, and of course that's Im important. Go fix your car. Mm, I just got the bill from my son's car. That thing got me And. I can And I can make it work. What about people who aren't in my position or frankly who were in my position when I was 30 and not 45 mm. Because 30-year-old me couldn't live under this price regime That has been brought to us by Kamala Harrison. Joe Biden. Hold on. Angela, we about to, we gonna wrap in a second, but I, I wanna ask a, a couple questions about the party, right? Really one question. Yeah. Why do people think the economy does better under Republicans when the data shows otherwise?


And this is a question I've been asking the different people that are of course have economy backgrounds, like why do people think the economy does better under Republicans? But the data shows since World War ii, the economy has performed better under democratic presidents? Well, I would actually make one adjustment to that statement. I think the economy typically performs better when you have split government. Because what ends up happening is you don't have one party just pushing all economic policy. It kind of stagnates out economic policy. And what businesses want more than anything is consistency in policy. Like a, a You know, a business owner is You know, like, like any athlete, as long as you're not changing the landscape of the field, once I know what the rules are, I can go operate and be effective. So what do you think, you think democratic president and Republican let everything up.


What do you think? What do you, what are you saying? You probably hate to See Kamala's support to business owners. But I'm saying when you say split government, what do you mean saying? I'm saying, I'm saying historically our economy has performed best under split government. I'm not saying that typically it's Republican president and Democrats that Democrat house, but that's data shows. The data shows does better under the Democratic president. No, no, no. What I'm saying is, is that historically over time is when you have split government. But I think the reason why, why to your original point about why do people feel that way is because when Donald Trump was president versus when Joe Biden was president, that's what people are looking at right now. Donald Trump wages adjusted for inflation were up, costs were stabilized. And so those two inputs in an economy make you feel like you have more money in your pocket.


When Donald Trump came into into office under then President Obama, our economy was somewhat stagnant. We were growing about one, one and a half percent per year. And so his changes in economic and tax policy in particular, but then also regulatory policy where he cut up ton of regulations. Our economic growth moved from one, one and a half to three, three and a half. That's a real boost to people. And they see it and they remember it. Now you have the Biden Harris economy. Well we've stagnated again and inflation is massively up. So how people feel is, wait a minute, I just went to the grocery store, I bought bread, I bought cookies, I brought milk. It's way more expensive. I got a raise, but it doesn't feel like I'm still getting ahead.


My rent's more expensive. Fixing my car is more expensive. And all those things are obviously ascribed to the current administration because the inflation started really in September, 2021 after the American Rescue Plan that was Joe Biden's plan came into law. So people are feeling that Charlamagne, And, I think that's why You know. In the backdrop of politics, I talked a little bit about people moving under the feet of the parties. One of the reasons why black men in particular are starting to look at Donald Trump. 'cause they're like, You know what? At least my pockets were good when he was president. The other stuff that, that's other stuff. Well I think they, I was making more money and my money was going further, but I think they feel like that 'cause of the stimulus checks and the PPP loans. But you gotta, you gotta look at what had to happen in order for that money to go out.


Like you had to have a freaking pandemic with millions of people die. But no, no, No, that's not gonna happen again. But, but I hope not. Oh no, I don't want it to happen either. But I want be clear on this, wages adjusted for inflation before the COVID-19 pandemic was at the highest level for black Americans, Hispanic Americans, white Americans in the history of the country, the wage gap, which gets talked about so much in our politics, the wage gap was actually decreasing under Donald Trump's presidency. And then the, the COVID-19 pandemic hit and then covid was just such a disaster for everybody. And now we have a situation where we have massive inflation in the country. Inflation today is like a little over 3% year over year.


But when you take in the totality of these price increases, prices are up well over 20% in our country the last four years. That's real life stuff Everybody's dealing with. And I think that's why Donald Trump is being more successful in some parts of the electorate than he has in the past. Alright, well I got one real quick. Just JD Vance, where are you at? Like how do you feel about where he is now and where he's taken the party to? Because You was, you was in the running for VP at one point. Yeah, That was crazy. I know you stayed off Twitter that day when they announced it wasn't you. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. It was good. You know. I told President Trump, I was like, man, whatever you do is whatever you do. How that, that was a conversation. But jd, I think J d's hit his stride. I'm here, actually I'm in New York 'cause I'm gonna be at the debate tomorrow night.


And I think it's gonna be a really important debate for the country to start hearing about all these different policies in detail, the way Angela And I are going back through policy. I think that's important. Well, Angela, I think j d's doing good. You know. No, you, but again, victory is what matters. He's Not doing it. He's actually terrible. He's actually, he's, he's very C come on c he's actually done so much more damage to that, to that ticket. I, he should have made Nicki Haley, the VP Cat. You heard Cat lady and said, yo, he's in his stride right now. He's terrible. The cat lady thing. I mean, I don't agree with that man. I, he Just making, I don't agree. I don't agree with that. He that came from him too. Cats and dogs. Yeah, I don't, I don't agree with that either. I just don't, I Just look at it. So what stride do you mean? What what do you agree With? Because what JD is doing is that he's basically doing the thing that Tim Walls and Kamala Harris are not doing.


He's engaging in media every single day. He's en engaging it all over the country. And especially in this 24 hour news cycle, we have so many outlets for information like this one here, which by the way, man, thank y'all for letting me come here. I really appreciate it. But when you have all these outlets, it's important to fill that gap. And if we are gonna, I'm gonna take, I I agree that I agree with that, but he's, but it, it's, it's, I don't want you on the microphone just saying anything, making me look bad. No You know what I mean? It's one, you can make all the appearances you want, but If you just making me making, making us look bad every time you talk, it's like, stand down JD doing good, man. Seriously. Now I do wanna ask you about just when Angela gets to her question, you, you, you are getting a lot of smoke right now from the office of Congressional Ethics. Yeah. Because it says you failed to properly disclose two years worth of you and your wife's stock trades.


Yeah. Why didn't you disclose that information? Actually, great question. I'm glad you brought this up. So a couple things. One, we actually self-reported to the ethics committee on this. So we self-reported saying, Hey, we didn't file this paperwork. And I gotta take that. That was me. I didn't file, I didn't file it like I should have. We went back and we were making those adjustments. That report is actually gonna get refiled. I used to be in investments, that was my last stop in my career. So I'm securities licensed. Also, the periodic transaction reports that this report speaks to, my firm does all the trading on my behalf. I actually gave them trading authority for my accounts. So I do not trade stocks, I do not initiate trades. My firm makes them on, on my behalf.


So my team is working with my firm. We have all that data. We're actually gonna make an amendment to that filing. We're gonna push it forward. And I don't wanna speak any more of that because that's what ethics, but that's where we are right now. I gotta take ownership of that. But we're gonna fix it. We're gonna move forward Because in the past you spoke out in support of banning lawmakers from Trading stocks. I, I don't think lawmakers should make trades directly. And the way this works is You know as a, as a financial advisor, Charlemagne If, you are my client. You can either initiate the trade by calling me or I can call you and say, Charlemagne, I think you should do this. It's a good move. As long as the investment advisor is bringing the information and pressing the trade. I think there's nothing wrong with that.


What we, what should never be allowed is the member of Congress in this example, calling the investment advisor and saying, Hey, trade this, trade that I think that is totally wrong and out bounds we have information that the public doesn't have. What's I do not initiate trades. What's the difference? I don't think anyone Should. What's the difference though, and who initiates it? Because if your advisor calls you and says, I think you should do this, are you not feeding back opinion and saying, well, based on what I know, blah, blah, blah, I don't think that's a good idea. Maybe we should do more. It's the same thing just who starts the conversation. No, Lauren's right, because you did have stock in companies that you oversaw with the health credit. Yeah. And my comp, my company makes those trades. And If, you actually go into the notes of my, of my firm, my, my management team that runs my stock portfolio. There's no record of us even having that conversation. So as an investment advisor, every time I was on the phone with the client, I had to take a note of that conversation.


And so the reason why I have less concern about the advisor making the call to a client, specifically a member of Congress, is because that's the advisor bringing information to that, that member of Congress, not the other way around. If they're up to me just being pure about it, the member of Congress shouldn't even be on the call at all. That's how I run my business. I'm not on the phone with my firm. They make their trades regardless of whatever I say, regardless of whatever. I think because the trades that are made are actually in lockstep with every other client we have. Or I say they have, when I was with the firm, it was we, they have under that product line, And I think that's how it should be. Why even though get into stock at all, if like You know what I mean? If that is a, if that could be a controversy like into the trading. Like why even do that at all?


Like Why? Because at that, at end of the No, because at the end of the day, you're still an American. Like, I mean, lemme put it this way, should I have to sell all my assets to be a member of Congress? I don't think that's right either. I just don't think that's right. You're an American still even though you're a member of Congress. I think where every, all the angst comes in is that you have had some members, the most notable is Nancy Pelosi, but there's other members and there's, it's been on both sides of the aisle. So I'm not just gonna just throw Nancy out there, but Nancy's the most egregious where her husband is making all the trades. Like you got whole people on Twitter, on x, excuse me, who are literally following Paul Pelosi's trades. That's not right. Angela, you, you said you had a last question. Yes. Will you vote to certify the 2024 election results even if they don't go in your favor?


Yeah, I mean the biggest thing and and this is a great question, I'm glad you and or I don't know if we're end up, but it's cool. I'm glad that you asked that one. The biggest thing I wanna see is that states and local localities follow election procedure. As long as they do that, I'll certify. No problem. Yeah, and You know there are a number of states where they, that's in contest right now. In fact in Georgia where you talked about things being more democratized, there are actually making it tougher to certify election results on the state level. How I, I honestly, Angela, I'm asking your expertise. I I don't know how, Yeah, there's a whole commission that just voted to make it more difficult. They even talked about counting ballots by hand, which would delay the certifying of the election results.


I mean, look, if they count 'em by hand to ensure results, You know, I think that's overall, I think that's a good thing. I think the other thing is we do need, we do need some states who are going to improve the way they go through their ballot procedure. Like You know, I'm gonna bring up California again, but in California Or maybe Florida. No. 'cause in Florida, You know our results by 11:00 PM that night in California takes, Florida's Had a number of irregularities and voting processes. Conversation 2000 baby in California, you have a situation where it takes them three, four days to, to say what the results are of an election. That's crazy. That's like watching a football game. That's like watching the Ravens Bills game last night and not knowing what the score was until two days later on SportsCenter. That don't make any sense.


We could Do that. Yeah. Well, yeah. And And I, the reason why I'm asking this question is because you voted to overturn the 2020 election results right in the heart of the Insurrection. The same day of the Insurrection, in fact. Yeah. Yeah, I did. And that was the reason why is because I believe the two states were, Arizona and Pennsylvania I think were that day in Pennsylvania. The state Supreme Court ruled that they were gonna allow ballots three days after the polls closed. Well, that's actually in violation of state law. 'cause state law in Pennsylvania code says that one, one, only time that ballots are allowed to actually be accepted is when the polls close. Anything after that, this is Pennsylvania law. Anything after that, you're not allowed to accept those ballots. The Supreme Court in Pennsylvania changed that. They only changed that because of COVID-19.


I disagreed with that because of what I felt that that did is it expanded the voting pot to, to other issues that should not have been allowed. So that's why. And Right, and you do know a, a number of issues that have been raised by the Republican party are around voter fraud. Do You know how many voter fraud cases there were in Pennsylvania in 2020 around the 2020 election? No, all I'm talking to is about the fact that they did not follow election procedure in the state of Pennsylvania. And so by not following, So even in the congressional records, some of what was raised is voter fraud cases. So your issue is not voter fraud. Listen, I have an issue whether it's fraud or not following the rules to the game. And so I think both are just as egregious. If, you change If, you change the rules upon election procedure in the fourth quarter of an election.


That's not good for either side competing in that election. And, and let me expound on this. You know I played basketball growing up, right? If You know if, if, if a ref decided that You know for the first three quarters we You know we gonna call traveling ticky tack and in the fourth quarter we just gonna let it go. That's not right for the fluidity of that game. You gotta be consistent. And so I look at it the same way I look at elections. Just be consistent. Whatever the rules are, the rules are, it's the responsibility of citizens and local officials to fall under that and make sure in the issue of voting, that everybody can make sure their vote is counted. We gonna get outta here after this. Speaking of fluidity, do you believe Mark Robinson should step down 30 seconds or less?


Man, I'm gonna leave that in Mark's hands. No, it don't Look, it don't look good, man. Question. No, seriously. The reason why answering Question, No, seriously, the reason why is because I've seen so many situations where the early reporting looks terrible. Then you find out after the fact that it's either a shade of what's being reported or not true at all. So anybody making the decision to run that's in the hands of that man and his team and his family. And I. And I'm serious about that. Lemme tell you something, I'm serious about that. I, That's The one thing I, one thing I do re one of the things I respect about Republicans is that They ride with each other. They ride with each other. Fall off, bro. That's how We feel about, that's how we feel about Democrats, man. Oh, That's 'cause that's 'cause Eric came at them.


Well, I don't wanna go about that. I'm gonna leave that long. I don't know what happened in the Eric's situation. They were riding with Joe Biden until he realized that You know he wasn't with us. And the second they realized he wasn't with us. Let's be real about this. Joe Biden was the nominee. If that debate in Atlanta two weeks ago didn't happen or two months ago didn't happen, we'd be talking about Donald Trump. Joe Biden. The only reason that they got rid of Joe Biden is because his poll numbers were cratering. And not just for him, for Senate, Democrat, Republican, for Senate Democrats and for and for house Democrats. And when they looked at their numbers dropping, then that's when they were like, man, show the old dude the door. We, we gotta move on. Well I'm glad they Made the right decision. And I. Wish somebody in the Republican party would do the same. 'cause y'all can do much better than Donald J. Trump. Nah, we gonna be good man. We gonna make America great again.


Don't worry about It. Alright. Oh Lord. Well it's Congress to what year? Congressman Byron Donald, appreciate you for joining us, Bro. Man, appreciate y'all man. It's The Breakfast Club. Morning Jim Crow. Oh, come on. Stop. There you go. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A B, C Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine, eight Central on a, B, c, and stream on Hulu.


Happening now on the iHeart app. We're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge and real talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one rule, don't read the comments and nasty. This episode is going to hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview.


Now, Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, Nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, The story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current Hear episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts.


I'm Joe Gatto. I'm Steve Byrne. We are two cool moms. We certainly are. And guess where we could find us now? Oh, I don't know. The iHeartPodcasts Network. That's Right. We're an official iHeartPodcasts and I'm super excited about it. I am too. I thought two cool moms was such a fun podcast. But now it's even more funer and cooler and Heartier. That's right. It's more I heartier. I knew it. Check your heart rate. We're here at iHeart. Yeah, you could find us wherever you listen to your podcast or on the iHeartRadio app.