
I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win on August 22nd. I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for Her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose His


series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm Not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Scam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S node and Zs series. Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an at t store for details.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new Jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan field music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up, Irv in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlemagne. The God Envy is in Shreveport with, with 50 cent in the gang. But Lauren la is here. Nila Simone is here and we got a special guest. He's got a new album out Saucefather Two Sauce Walker. Ey, what's up my brother? Hey man. Say, man, it's the kid that did not, the kid that Rid did the reason why the Sauce Water was written You know the flavor. I speeding Sauce Walker Oe. Yeah. Yeah. Now people act like they know what you just said. I was gonna say that. I a kid That did. So you the kid because you be doing it. You be getting it done. I always do it, period. I never say nothing that I don't do You. know what I mean?


You know. I think people don't realize about you Sauce Walker. You really are a dope ass rapper. Thank you. I really appreciate That. Like, like a mc mc in real life. But I think the online personality sometimes overshadows the boss. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, You know. It is, it is more of a thing like, don't judge a book by its cover. But also what we like to say in my, in my crew, we like to say, don't let the sauce fool you. Mm. You know what I'm saying? But also as well, You know, I kind of felt like a lot of artists and a lot of rappers put on this persona and they put on this image. But like, you always gotta be tough or you always gotta be not just like on some, on some, some, some street shit or You. know what I'm saying? Like, you can't just enjoy life or be humorous or have, just have fun and You.


know what I'm saying? Enjoy life for what it is. And, I always be so serious. And for me and my personal experience, I feel like when you really come from the struggle, when you really come from violence, when you really come from pain and suffering and you get to a a, a platform like Instagram, this app was made to like pictures and, and, and make memories and have fun. It just so happened, it, it, it became a platform where people could create lucrative ways of generating residual income and wealth off of You. know what I'm saying? Creating a, a wider audience through a platform. And, I felt like, why would I use Instagram as a place to try to be like overly serious or overly hard when I'm trying to reach out to The World You?


know what I'm saying? I'm not Mad at that. That's how I look at it. Like, I'm not mad at that. 'cause some people do, like I shouldn't know certain things about certain people. Yeah. Like, I shouldn't know your baby daddy ain't been around in six months. You know what I mean? And the kids can't afford healthcare. Right. You make me laugh. They take it to You. know what I'm saying? Not make me laugh. I, when I first got on their platform, I thought, this is a platform to find pretty girls and stuff like that. It just became, it grew, it blossomed to be what it is today. But You know, I was on Instagram when you could only take pictures and what nice outfits. So I felt like I grew with the platform, so I'm gonna enjoy and have fun on the platform, and it made me millions of dollars. Do You feel like you're, because when I was, I listened to, we were talking about earlier some of your interviews, And I listened to how you were talking about how you like do like the promotion sometimes for other artists and whatever And I was like, this is how like an influencer works.


Like, do you consider yourself an influencer too? Or like, it's just you? I mean, to be honest, I only rap on the weekends. I'm yo we keep it real. Like I'm, I'm more of a lot of things than an artist. I'm a CEO. I'm a, I'm a philanthropist in my community. I'm a mo motivational speaker and a financial advisor consulting for a lot of people in different companies as well. I own six different LLCs, two corporations. I sell boats. All, all forms of streaming. I from being a YouTuber, TikTok or OnlyFans rapping. Like I've, I've done, I do it, I've done it all.


That's within my respected realm of hustling You know what I mean? Got you. So rapping is just something that is first nature to me because I've been doing it my whole life. I've been recording in professional studios since 1996 when I was like six years old. I've been rapping my whole life. It's just something that I just do it that I'm good at. But I so happen to be one of those people that's just talented enough to where I could do anything and still be successful and make millions of dollars of conversation. I could be make millions of dollars. Podcasting, comedian acting. I'm just one of those stars who just multi-talented but rapping. It is a strong suit that I have lyrically and that does get overshadowed and overlooked because I'm so charismatic You know what I'm saying?


But it You know it's a gift and a curse because You know it's certain areas where it, it calls to have intelligence conversation and, and, and charisma. And a lot of artists don't have that in those areas. So you might have good music and a good song that lasts momentarily, but you don't laugh for last for a lifetime because people not invested to you as a person, as a, as a human being more than just your music. You know, right? Music is subjective. Sometimes it's good, sometimes people don't care for it. But everybody always loves a great personality and a great mind. But Does it get to you sometimes, like when you just dropped that free freestyle, I think it was with La Leakers, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or hard knock life beat. Yeah. Like, and people were like, yo, he really be going in like, it's like almost like people are always relearning that that's what you do naturally.


Does that piss you off sometimes? 'cause it's like you do this. I mean, honestly, I always been one of them type of people that's like, I, I've been taking my flowers my entire career. I'm Sodo Main is, I don't know how familiar y'all are with me, but I know Soda Main is very familiar with my career. They've been, we've been talking to each other and trying to get me up here for years, since early, early in my career when I was doing the Sauce Twins. So I've always known, and I've always been very vocal and confident about the fact that I know I'm one of the best rappers to ever live. Not just of my generation or not just from Texas. Like I know for a million percent fact. Lyrically bar for bar.


Similarly, for similarly analogy for analogy, metaphor for metaphor, storytelling, having actual substance meaning a, a, a message that people can actually grab knowledge, wholesomeness information from, pain, struggle, and healing through the things that we go through. Being black people in America, coming from poverty, coming from struggle. Broken, broken parenting or just taking the struggle part out of it, but just elite punchline skills and delivery and cadences. Like I've shown over my 10 years span of my career that I'm not only, I'm one of the best, but I'm also one of the most prolific rappers to come out of my generation and generation before me.


And I then being that he, he's Not putting sauce on that. I'm Not. I'm telling you. And I'm from the south. I promise I'll say And. I'm from the south. I'm from Houston, Texas You. know what I'm saying? I'm from the same places as Scarfaces Cowboys. Is it? And I'm looked at, I'm renowned and respected by New York and New York rappers more than anywhere else. My biggest market is New York, Houston. Well, Texas is my first market. And then New York is my second. Maybe You should give 'em a quick 16. Just, just because before we keep, keep the interview going. I mean, I could, but I really not a, I'm a I'm a freestyle rapper. I don't like have them write written bars. Whatever You feel like giving 'em You know I'm saying you can even give 'em something that you've already given them before, just so they know. Just a little a sample.


You, you ain't never heard Sauce Walker Rap must be I have, I have. Oh yeah. I think a lot. I think, I think You Know. Yeah, but we I would love to hear it in person. You try and get out of it. I ain't never tripping. Nobody. I mean, You know It is the Weekend technically says you only rap on a weekend. I really don't You know what I'm saying? But I, I mean I, if I'm a freestyle You know I want to be like really on their mood and perform like You. know what I'm saying? I really can't talk, but I will like it ain't nothing to it, but to do it. They they Could go, they could Go through legal. It ain't to say if I freestyle right now, I'm gonna be like more on some ace time shit. But more than some serious shit. I'm gonna like get the rapping about the stuff in the room. Yeah. I'm hiding in the broom. TSF business. Look up like a balloon.


Come out the cocoon. I'm flying in the butter TSF business. Pull up no stutter alligator, nah. Later slap a hater You. know what I'm saying? T business sauce dripping major flavor. Like, I'm gonna just go out to top like that. I wanted to look to the Music. Yes. He bullshit. Bullshit. Don't, don't. No, I need to because he can really rap. I know that. Yes. That's said. He was just talking about things. I know, I know. I Now you mentioned the sauce twins with Oh, okay, go ahead. Now You were talking about all your mini business ventures and all the things that you do and the first record on Saucefather two is Master P. Yeah. Yeah. And I. I really love the relationship between Texas and New Orleans.


Just talk to me about your, your relationship with Master P. That song ain't what you think it is, but go ahead. Duh. You know I'm a, I'm a, I'm a ma I'm a master P in a, in a lot of different areas. You. know what I'm saying? And. I. I respect the direction and some of the principles that Master P implemented in his career to get where he is. And I also feel that, and I've been told this by some of the like label execs and people that I do do business with or have done business with in the industry, that some of the deal structures that I've created are kind of like master p deals.


'cause it's, it is like very rare where an artist can sign a deal with an Indy major label or a major label, get millions of dollars and still keep his entire catalog separated from that contractual agreement and having a, a record label with, I got 50 50 artists, well, producers are artists as well, but 40 something artists and 10 producers signed to my record label and my distribution company. And. I have, I I, of those 40 some odd artists, probably like seven to eight of those artists are international from like Hiroshima, Japan, Puerto Rico, Venezuela, Europe.


So like, I, I think that I've created a, a cult fan base and a following somewhat similar to no Limit in Master P with Sauce Talks and the Sauce, family, TSF. But in that song you're talking about pimping. I mean, I'm always talking about the pimping. I mean, but You know. It is, it is, it is. The p is a lot of things is being a pimp. It's being a player is being a, a president is being prestigious. Is being professional. It is being Peru. It is being a lot of things being a p You. know what I'm saying? And, I represent all of those titles very well. But I'm So who Created p Did it come from Texas or did they come from What gunna you saying the turn P Yeah, the P pushing P.


Like That's, well, I don't push p What we do is something different. Just the p thing. The p itself don't come from No, no rappers or none of that. The p itself come from the game. It comes from a, a, a, a man with a plan and a woman with a vagina. That's a little bit finer. That's what the P comes from. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Some sauce. All the other stuff is like fabricated or extra. Like you can make it sound cool. It's like saying you're pushing paper You. know what I'm saying? That's, that was like about the most decent explanation that I feel that, that, that, that, that, that was given from that perspective. But You know the p is to be the ultimate Player You know what I'm saying? And there's two sides of it. You can be a player, you can be a pimp You.


know what I'm saying? A pimp is somebody who leads and tells people or gives a person a task or a strategy to go make money. However you make money. It's not just about a woman getting money from a man and You know what I'm saying? It is not just about sex and prostitute. It is way bigger than that. You know a woman can, or a woman or any person can go and make money doing somebody else's will or doing somebody else's strategy. But you can look at that person as they're too lazy to do the job or they not maybe may not have the skills, not the skills, but they just can't do what you can do. That's like, you have a lot of bosses that work on the, on the field where it was a period of time where they did used to do what everybody does, but they just learned the business and now they just manage and tell everybody what else to do.


Why they're just there on, on, on. That's all a pimp is, is a manager, is somebody that gives you instructions to do something that they either they know how to do or they prefer you to do it and they just evaluate what you're doing. Like a coach, a life coach, a player though is somebody who fuck with people that already got the money. I just play my way into the situation. You see what I'm saying? So the Woman, a lot of, in a lot of those cases, the woman is the Player. Exactly. So why would you not pimp? See, all women are playing on, on men respectfully though. Respectfully not. And it's not, it's not a bad thing on the time to not say that it, it is a negative thing. But to not acknowledge the fact that The, World and society is systematically created to where a woman is not even necessarily by her, her her, her choice and her own decisions.


But just the way that The World is, if she's able to be beautiful and perpetuate her image, she opportunities, relationships and the lust of the hope that a man will have some type of intimacy with this woman opens up a whole different doors for this woman that the average man and the average human being cannot get past. We was talking about that. It changes, changes a woman whole trajectory of life. Women growing up in today's day and age are preparing themselves to be, it's not, I don't even, it is not even an Instagram model. It just, let's just say a bad bitch. Women are more training themselves in today's day and era to be a bad bitch on Social Media on YouTube or just an everyday walk of life than they are training themselves to be a business owner or to be A-A-A-A-A-A fucking a college student.


Well, That's a generalization. I get what I get What You're saying though, I think it depending on the women you're talking to, 'cause you also got women who are training themselves to do that, but they're also bad. But Both of them went to college. Yeah. Okay. So this again, again, again, again, again. Okay. Michael Jordan played Michael Jordan played baseball, but he's still a basketball player. Deon Sanders played baseball. He's still a football player. A lot of women have the it in certain, and so also men go through this as well. But the, the thing about it is, is that beauty is not usually, or being handsome or being attractive is not usually profitable for every single man on earth. I'm with you the way that it is for women, meaning that, okay, look at it from this perspective.


Sex for a man is earned. What did I tell you this morning? Well, Should be sex for a woman is given you, you understand the difference between the two. Yeah. For a man to court, a woman, for a man to have sexual intercourse or for a man to enjoy a, a, a woman's intimacy and vulnerability, he has to earn their privilege and earn their right. For more women, they don't Realize that No more. They don't it again. So, so he Always putting me with a day in the Y'alls. So I'm not saying they in y'all, for all women in general, what I'm saying is that a woman can have her plans and her goals set out, let's just say a woman in real estate, right? Right. You have two different women in real estate. You have a beautiful woman that's in real estate. You have a, another woman who's also beautiful, but let's just say, let's just say she's plus size or let's just say she's a little older.


She could have the same body type as the young woman, but she's a little older. Just give her another age and not make it about body shaming. Okay. The more in in shape beautiful presented body in inside of those business suits, she's gonna get a lot of more brokering deals. She's gonna get a lot of more inquiries. She's gonna get a lot of more men who are gonna be helpful in assisting in her journey as being a real estate agent. Because all of those men have a secret in agenda to, in some way, shape or form have sex with her. They know Pretty her And we know that. And we, yeah, we know that. We know pretty privileges exist and a lot of times we ignore it. That's, That's all I'm saying. No, go over that. Rubbing her head and she know he telling the truth.


Yeah. I didn't say anything. The only thing, the only thing I didn't agree, I think it's the way you phrased it, but understanding the breakdown. I get what you're saying. I just don't want to, I'm not saying that every woman in The, World is like, it is the divine interest to like, okay, I'm finna just go make money. It's not even fault. That's why, that's what I'm trying to explain to you. That's Why I said, That's why I used the word systematically. The initial statement was The World initial statement grown up bad bitch If. you Not want to be a bad bitch in today's day era. It is like it is, But a bad bitch is different than, so all I'm saying is just Say beautiful woman, And I hate Woman. Every woman is, but see this I'm saying every woman is beautiful.


Bad is something different. Every woman is beautiful. Every woman not beautiful. Yeah. That's the conversation we had this morning because we had, what I was talking about this morning was like, You know. They was saying that I get mad when certain women be like, I ain't dating no man If, you can't do nothing for me. That's not true. It's a mutually beneficial thing. Right? Everybody gonna do something for everybody. But the raggedy ones be talking, it'd be a raggedy one. Debbie be like, I ain't doing nothing. Somebody else man ain't do nothing for me. Ain't nobody gonna do nothing for you because you raggedy. I feel, I I I feel that, I feel that as much as I want to agree with what you're saying, I can't agree with that because it is, again, that's why I was making, this goes back to my original statement. There are more men that are in positions of power, positions of success, that also have families, have wives, have children have great things going for theyself that risk everything that they have for women that's raggedy every day.


Yeah. I get what you're, it's men the Eyes of the Bullshit and they don't never cheat with nobody better. Okay. So with that being, I get what you're saying. So with that being said, I might be triggered. So that be saying how much, how much value is actually being set on the man in, in, in his position of what he brings to the table in a relationship versus to what a woman brings to the table by just being a beautiful flower in the room. I agree. And not that I, That's just The. World is, that's just the, that's just the And I. Don't blame the women or fault the women at all for it. Because that's their species. That's their femininity. That if them being beautiful creates opportunities and open doors and, and gives, gives them privileges that the man doesn't necessarily earn, then you just respect the powers they be.


But If, you happen to be one of those alpha males. One of, because you think about this, you have to also realize that a woman is only a, the prize to the men that want her. A woman is never the prize to the man that she want. That Don't want Oh, that she want That makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm Saying? Yeah. A woman is never the prize to the man that she wants. She's only a prize to the men that want her. Because in most cases in life, most men cannot have sex and, and physical relationships at, at their own will with the women that they truly desire. Like they have to get what they can get. That's why you some guys, you, you be like, you may look at this guy like, oh, this guy is so handsome and he's so successful. He's so why would he fuck with this type of girl?


Why would he give her a shot? Yeah. Why would he betray this type of girl? Whatever. But you have to understand that he's probably not even, in most cases, they're not used to having access to so much women 'cause they didn't have so much money or didn't have so much time or they didn't have so much whatever that they had that was co conflicting them from, from expressing their, their their sexual needs or or checks with other women. So now that they have the or, okay, I'm a little tied with this. My stuff is kind of put together. Now I want to go cheat, I want to go explore. I wanna go this up A little bit. And things change are, Or you might have been lucky enough to meet your soulmate You know And I. Think I get what you're saying. But I think everything isn't physical appearance a lot of times. Sometimes it's just about connecting with a person on an emotional level or a spiritual level. But you gotta take the time to do that.


But I do agree with the overall sentiment that you're making. Because I was saying that this morning, men literally recreate our lives for women. That's true. Everything We do is for women. I wouldn't get a haircut. I don't care about that. We dress for women. We do these things because we're trying to attract beautiful women. That just is what it Is. And even, or or, or even if it's not necessarily to attract certain women, it's about a woman just valuing and respecting. That's right. Who I am as a man, how I present myself. If I respect myself enough to stay clean, stay in shape, stay cut, stay making money, having a car, having opportunity, having stability, having somewhere for you to sleep, stay even If.


you have all these things on your own as a woman that you bring to the table. But again, a man will take you without those things a woman won't take. In most cases, a woman won't take a man without those things. And if she does, then she has to be ridiculed by the women and the family members around her. Because girl, why you fucking with that nigga with that guy? He done got this and this and that and you taking care of him this and this and that. Instead of empowering her, say, okay, well he, this man really loves you and he wanna be with you. And he comes home every night. So put that other energy into that. We take it down from that man that, how can I help him be bigger and better and stronger? 'cause this guy does actually does want to be committed to what I have going on. Versus to, I think people just be going, I don't even wanna say going outta they means, but it just, I don't know their relationship shit get, it's, it's tedious.


So You talking about like people becoming pop, like popping, right. And things changing. When did you realize like you were popping like Musically? I was born, I was popping. I knew I was popping. I ain't know. No, this just, I knew I was him my whole life. I've been him. Came out the room room Him. Yeah. I came out the wo him. I've been a, I've been like a star my whole life. Like I told said earlier, I've been rapping my whole life. I never was like one of those kids that was like confused about what I wanted to be when I grew up or what was gonna happen for me. Like, I always knew I was gonna be an entertainer. I always knew I was gonna be a rapper. I always knew I was gonna be fly. I always, I I known I was handsome my whole life. I always knew that that was, even to say that for me, like I understand the difference between being a, a handsome man versus a man that don't, that have natural You.


know what I'm saying? The ability to just captivate a a woman's attention. You thinking don't want are nobody ugly for nothing. You're so inclusive. I really enjoyed the conversation with you. You have a podcast? No, I need one. Yeah. On you. On you saying you you need a mic. I didn't hear what you saying. You said, I don't wanna call nobody, Call nobody ugly for nothing. You ain't wanna call the girl raggedy. You ain't wanna call the girl. You're so inclusive. I'm so I be saying certain stuff about with girls or just with people in there. People just be wanting to attack me for my opinion. But Everybody's sub subject looks like She said, oh man, he's so informative. Like I would love to watch a podcast, he'll talk. But then some of that shit, I say, motherfucker get there. No, Because sometimes you'll be calling like you be calling people out for stuff. Like that's what I, when when I hear your Name's what I think about call like it is, I know And I, I've been going to change that.


The Drake moment was the moment, like that's when I was like, okay. Yeah. A lot of people know me from controversial shit like that. Yeah, yeah. The whack the white. I'm gonna stand on the business regardless of whoever the whatever you Call. It's funny though 'cause you called Drake alpha cultural appropriation way before Kendrick Did. I did. I did. I definitely did. And if my, if my whole city would've supported what I was on back then for the reasons that I did it, then we would've got the same reaction that Kendrick Lamar in California did. And I think it's just a beautiful thing with, again no discredit to either one of those artists. 'cause again, I have nothing to do with that shit. And I don't give a fuck about that shit. 'cause I'm a millionaire. I'm sauce walker. And I made it, I beat the black ball of the rap games of those type of scenarios.


But to, to speak on that particular situation is that it's just a beautiful thing to see the, the outcome of a, a entire city and then entire state standing behind an artist that represents them well and represents their culture and just trying to defend for their culture and the culture itself. Not trying to mediate or prohibit their artists from fending for their culture, but instead standing behind 'em and and supporting that ideal. And that's, that's the difference between appreciation and appropriation. And that's what creates the, a bigger landscape of economy and opportunity for that city.


Because regardless of New New York is the same way. If somebody was to come to New York and try to appropriate New York coaching style and not give back to it. Like I, I don't know who's a good example to use, but because nobody does that in fucking New York. Nobody come to New York and act like a battle rapper or act like a, a lyricist or act like a fucking drill rapper at there. Don't do music with the drill rappers. You can't, don't come rap with You cannot do that. Yeah. It you can't do that. It doesn't make sense. You can't, when the, when everybody was doing this little the shit and, and doing that little Jersey dance, nobody from around The World did that dance or made music on that sound frequency without acknowledging that it came from those places or bringing those kids from New Jersey on stage or, and the East coast is going to govern that.


The the south was in Texas. Houston especially was supposed to govern, govern that and You. know what I'm saying? It is cool. Don't, because somebody gotta do it. And, I did it. I ain't tripping them, bro. Don't don't you think Houston probably looks at Drake different because there wouldn't be Drake without Houston. I don't It like Jay Prince son discovered. I don't give a fuck what Houston, look at it. It is what I said I'm I'm a Jay Prince too. Like what I, my word is a law. What I'm saying is what, what I speak is the real opinions of the city of Houston. The people that's in the south side, the people that's on the north side, the people that, oh, they Felt like that already. Yeah. They just ain't got the platform or the voice or the, the, they not gonna get the response and I'm gonna get And they can't fade the heat, fade the water.


Everybody know I, I got the manpower, I got the money, I had the what the, the validity, whatever is needed necessary from my age then to right now. Just like I've shown people, it's a lot of people that thought I was gonna be a overnight or fly by night artist or artist. That, and then you also also understand, realize that I, I'm independent. I've been independent my entire rap career. 10 years. I've been in rap game 10 years now going on 11 years and I'm a multimillionaire still more relevant than majority of the rappers that came out in my gen in my generation or my period, my time period. 10 years later I'm still making all this money and still growing. So You know, it, it, it, it, it is more of a thing for me.


Like if if somebody don't take the chance to make the step or to speak up on it, then I'm just like everybody else that just complaining behind closed doors and being scary or just You know what I'm saying? And then what I was saying it, it was not no, it's not make believe. It's simple. It's not fucking rocket signs. It was simple shit. If you in city and you saying like what you just said. You just said that it wouldn't be no Drake without Houston. It wouldn't be no Drake without Houston. Okay, so at, at the time, why did Drake not, and still to this day, why did Drake not have no bunch of records with Houston artists? You didn't doing that with Atlanta If. you love Atlanta and he he got it's 7, 8, 9, 15 artists that you got songs with in Atlanta.


Because why? Yeah. Not only does it, not only does You know that the city of Atlanta was gonna look at you weird for not doing that. Look at you and feel a certain type of way by you, by you not making those songs and making those moments with that city. But you knew that it was also beneficial.


The Summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio, new music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you scan your Coke a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I'm a good lawyer. And I wanna win on August 22nd. I think gt she needs someone who is going to fight for We don't follow the right plan. We lose the hit series. Reasonable doubt returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with and Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on tax reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and so in the scenery you have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. It's so good. In fact, it'll have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down the street level and learn how to snag a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home. A t and t connecting changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details


For you as an artist to make music with these songs. Because the leveling of stardom and momentum, it feeds each other versus you feel that I'm just the a side artist that's lifting up this, this, this musician. But as far as the city of Houston, you looking at it for the market share, all of these country ass people in Houston, they got all of this land, all these clubs, all these women, all these people in these big ass arenas and events that's going on, but they don't have a a a a, a large community and representatives of people that are knowledgeable about the music industry that have resources that could say, Hey, y'all been around this artist and you helped them. You was in the studio when they was making that song. You told 'em to ad this and this on the hook.


You get a couple writer points for that. Or you was up in there where you made the beat. Woo. Do you supposed to get, okay. Yeah, you was, y'all was in the, you brought him to Houston and you took him to this club and you took him to this hood and you made introduced him to Charlamagne. It's a feature in the song. Come behind that in every other city. It's a long lip California. It's a long list of artists from the bay all the way to la. They got Drake's songs with Drake. So how did, how did Drake love Houston so much at that time and not have music with artists that you are uplifting from this community? Fuck me. I don't care if it was, it is bigger than me. I didn't care about the song me making makes a whole lot of sense to me. You know what I'm saying? But what I like it up from then to now, Travis Scott is the only rapper that still got a song with Drake Travis Scott.


Again, what I just said earlier, it makes sense. It's a equal trade. It's not necessarily like, oh bro, I'm just making you, I'm helping Houston and changing your life and changing the career, your career. And it, it is bigger than just saying, oh well person wants to Drake stimulus package, bro, fuck all of that. It's about fair exchange and business. If If, you are using the lineage and the culture of somebody's city or somebody's hometown and backyard, do something that helps not yourself and your, your, your more of your notoriety for your own benefit with the ladies and the people in the city. Do something that actually makes the economy of their city and music and musicians bigger and greater. So therefore we can have rolling loud in Houston, we can have more young artists performing on, on bigger platforms.


Jimmy Fallon and Jay Leno and all this other shit because of artists of this magnitude is living in our backyard. That's all I was saying. Not just for me, this for anybody literally Living, did y'all have that conversation? Because there was a video of y'all. I mean, I, I vocalize and had, whatever I say, whatever I feel is something that I tell anybody and everybody to they face behind closed door. Like, everybody know this about me. I don't give a fuck. Like when it comes to stuff like that, I just don't give a fuck. Like You know what I'm saying? Because I've been rich before rap. I'm gonna be rich during rap. I'm gonna be rich after rap. I'm gonna be rich. I'm, I rap for money. Like I don't rap for like, I, I I, yeah, I I rap for money now because I understand.


Lemme say, let me make that make sense. I understand that what rapping does is create money for everybody around me, not just myself. And that's what also plays more into the conversation we was having earlier about the Drake shit. 'cause it's not about Drake. I'm not trying to be just steady talking about Drake and harping on him. It's just period in, in hip hop, in black culture, period. If I'm going to foreign land, And, I have resources and you have resources that I wanna also generate from. We supposed to share, we supposed to trade. And that's what makes everybody stronger. So it it, it just doesn't, it it didn't make sense and it was just a total line of, of disrespect to me at the time, knowing that this, this, this particular, and this will be for any celebrity and artist.


This particular superstar, this particular entity that's in my city can simply make two songs with two different artists here that's going to create so much revenue from ESPNs to the talk shows to Nikes and all these huge companies seeing that, oh wow, there's, there's mo, there's money, there's momentum, there's lucrative in the state of Texas. Look at these artists working with these artists. Okay, maybe it makes sense for us to run the NBA campaign behind this song with these artists. When we have Toronto playing against the Houston Rocks or Toronto playing against the Dallas Mavericks. We are gonna make sure that these artists are sitting on the sidelines and woo woo woo. And that's just all that, that I understood from a business standpoint that that should be happening.


Isn't that Required of the Houston artist too though? Because I mean, Travis ain't no slouch. Travis is a big Deal. And I and, and And I vocally, publicly have stood on the business and made Travis adhere to that type of shit. Like that's me and Travis got a real brotherly relationship like it is Houston to know that. Like it is been times where stuff went on where I asked and require like, Travis bro, like it is do this with this artist. So acknowledge this artist or like You, know what I'm saying? Let's, let's go do this music right here and Travis does it 'cause Travis understand like it, that's the difference. Like Travis signed artists from Houston. Yeah. Travis has made music with artists from Houston. Travis showed the music video to artists from Houston, old and new. He do concerts, put Houston artists on the, on the bill, put 'em on his main performance.


He he does his due diligence. Megan Thee stallion, she does songs. She has songs with Sauce Walker, she got songs with Max Queen, she got song with Lil Kiki. She got song, big pokey. That's really being from the city being and appreciating the culture. Me being in New York, I love New York. I made a New York album produced by New York producers with New York artists featured on it. You just seen Ma Mayo just came through the window. Oh my boy songs. I made songs with Mayo years and years, years ago. No disrespect to Bun Beat. He's from Port Arthur. He not from Houston. Make a lot of people would try to say, oh well Drake made a song, bun beat, bun beat not from Houston. No disrespect to him. This is Houston, Texas. We talking about. You just said Houston, didn't you, did you say Port Arthur? Did you say Houston? Houston. Alright then Next You sense?


Yes. Next subject. You Making sense? You made an excellent point too on Bootle Kev podcast that I want, I want you to get into, 'cause I really love what you said. It's Luther Bootle Kev, you said OnlyFans is providing women with a safer alternative to the streets and offering them a sense of intimate freedom. Yes. Elaborate on that. I mean it's, it's, it's, it's the alternate, it's the officers in this substitution to prostitution. It's a way for a woman to give a man the same ecstasy and fulfillment that he gets touching her body physically. But she could do it from the comfortability of her home, in her living room or in her bedroom and, and retain the physical side of her dignity.


Now there may be an, an opinion from her family's friends, coworkers or loved ones about her body being out there on pictures. But again, like we talked about earlier, we living in a world where the average woman on the internet is showing you some form of skin. The average woman understands the algorithm feeds her pockets and feeds her marketing strategies much more when she looks appealing and sexually appealing to the eye of not just men but the women who inspire to look like her. That's right. These are the things that are beneficial for, for her marketplace and share to sell products. Because as a woman, nobody wants to buy a a a a, a man will buy a product from another rough looking man with a scruffy beard and whoopty whoopty Woo.


Because of the messes behind the product. A woman not buying a product from another woman that, that she doesn't see in some shape of beautiful the way she looks at herself. So Is that true Nyla Lauren? Yeah, pretty much. I when you started talking about that, I started thinking about when I get my hair done. No I did, I literal even see her thinking like, oh, Because a nigga, nigga would go get a haircut from a bald head motherfucker. No. Hell, when I would never gonna get her hair done. Come on bro. Yeah, when I get my hair done, you Ain't finna go to the dread lady to go get your phone to put in? No. And if I'm trying a new artist, I go to the Instagram And I wanna see how she's doing her hair personally when she goes out. Maybe she not dressed up in the salon. But I do wanna see how Sis looks on a daily because it's like, can she upkeep? 'cause then if she match my upkeep, I know she not gon, you're not gonna see my hd.


Okay. Okay. I know I'm, I'm sorry. I'm the facts man. You know It's not really the facts don't, Shouldn't mean I don't, I don't know if I care too much. Like I think scrolling online I support it. Like I do like seeing women in their femininity, but it doesn't like swim me one way or the other. Whether I wanna work with you or not, I wanna work with you If, you do good work. If that makes sense. But I'm saying But I guess for you, like take the, like is she fly like beautiful or not outright? Like it's Not just take the brand. It could be anything that's a penny where You are brand wise. Like there, there are certain brands that like if they reach out to you right now, it's not where you at.


It's not matching aesthetic and you not gonna, you not leaning that Way. What kind of, what, what, what kind of car do you drive? If. you don't mind me asking? I don't have a car. Okay. From New York. Okay. I'm trying to think like what, what's your favorite fashion brand? What's your favorite thing to wear? Fashion Nova. Fashion Nova. Okay. Really? I wear Fashion Nova. I didn't know that. Nah. Be fly. I be, I thought I'd be like thrift store type stuff. I do do Thrifted. Okay, but that's, you see what I'm saying? It still goes back. You know how Fashion Nova became Fashion Nova. The women liking other women. Fashion Nova. Fashion Nova gave the most beautiful women in The World the most sexiest women in The World clothes that look top tier fashion that look high-end designer.


But we giving it to you for free or the super affordable price. Bernice Bergo called that all they had Jody girl, all you have to do is stretch out a a blanket and fit it across the body and and it could be sold. And this woman, you put a blanket across a woman's body and she can go in a room with a full of men that's wearing Louis Vuitton and Christian Dior and all this other shit. That's just the truth. I don't know how you Ain't Lying. You a man gotta go spend $15,000 man. 6,000 folks. It is very seldom in today's day and age that a man could go get the type of women that he wants in this world off of just a white, a white tea and a nice beard. Unless He fine Yo he gotta be fine.


But even, even then, Even If you, I'm gonna look at the jeans like what jeans you got on you got with your watch? Like what? Damn, sorry. 'cause a lot of women know that a fine, a fine man that don't got his shit together, ain't nothing but another bill of responsibility and a problem. Dang good dick. And a headache, a lot of women is they get, they waking up to that girl. It's not even about money either. It's like I want like, so how do you take care of yourself? Like what? 'cause you don't even gotta be like, I'm sorry every she went back there everyth. I just said, how do you take care of yourself? Yeah. You aint walking with the chains. I could tell by jeans like this is a well man, A man would look at, A man would look at that same business and that same thing.


Like You know what, I see some flaws, I see some stuff wrong but maybe let me give you some suggestions. Let me help us see I can make this big thing better. Let get involved with this bit You. know what I'm saying? You Ain't lying. So, so I just did girl math basically. That's what that's called. That's It's girl math. That's all I'm saying bro. So You know, but You know for me, that's just how I be looking at this stuff bro. I like the records. You got rules too man. 'cause I feel like there aren't any anymore. Yeah. Ain't nothing. And a lot of people need to learn from this shit. Earn from this shit You. know what I'm saying? You rule number one, always move like a boss You. know what I'm saying? You know. God, me, keep your eyes open. Keep your eyes open. You. know what I'm saying? Fuck the beef. Let's get to the cheese You. know what I'm saying?


Shout out to my boy boss man. Dlo. Yo man. You know all my, even when I'm making music it name like the lyrical ghetto gospel stuff, I still try to have a message. I still try to have some knowledge in it, some empowerment. Something that people can learn from and earn from You. know what I'm saying? Amongst all the ignorance and like, like we were saying earlier, like a lot of people like judge, judge me by, by my, the way I am and the way I act, but I act stupid because I'm smarter than a lot of people. I play dumb because I understand the power that I possess and the knowledge that I possess is actually dangerous. You know what I'm saying? So You know, I, I feel like the this, this one little life, this one chance at this video game that we got to live, there's a time and a place for everything and If, you don't understand the rules and the, and the strategy that's needed to be implemented in the game of life that you playing and you plan to lose.


So You know what I'm saying? I try to just try to keep that message in my music. Even when we having fun and we in the club getting high and drunk and even like as far as men, like it's a lot of shit that men need to this. Like my opinion is not just about women and shit like that. It's a lot of bullshit ass niggas out here. It's a lot of unworthy ass niggas. A lot of, not king. Not king built deserving men out here that need to be taught or need to be led or need to be influenced and motivated. They need healing so they stop projecting that hurt on everybody else. Right, right, right. You know what I'm saying? And, I try to, like, as much as I have an opinion towards women, I have an opinion towards niggas as well. Like y'all about how the, we should not saying, saying y'all how we should be better You.


know what I'm saying? How we could be You know more useful to, to our women and to our community and to The World You. know what I'm saying? I believe that's what the pimping is, that's what the ism is, period is like somebody just having the knowledge and the understanding and the the, the accountability within themself to say I'm willing to do all these things to make myself better. And because I was able to go through the process of these things to make myself better and learn these, learn these attributes, learn these skillset If you are gonna be in my life, If you gonna be in the relationship in my life. Then you have to follow some of the beliefs that I have because I have used these things to be successful You. know what I'm saying? That's just like a person who owns a company.


I bought the building, I put all the equipment up in here, but I'm gonna give you the, the workload as far as what to do in this building to to, to, to sell products and and facilitate this store. But I'm the one that gotta pay 20,000 a month for this, this facility. I have to keep the cargo coming in. I have to do this, but it doesn't make sense for me to be in here doing the physical work. So I, I try to use that same thought process in life. Like, okay, if if, if niggas gonna be around me, my, you gonna be my brother, my partner, or my business associate nigga, you gotta be able to either teach me something, show me something, or help me do something. And I need to be able to teach you something, show you something to help you do something that's real.


Because if, if If you can't use me, then I'm useless. If I can't use you, then you useless. Then, then who the fuck wants to be in a circle full of people with no, nothing is being utilized. Right. That's idol's time. I heard, I thought that's what the devil's playground is. Idle time. That's what my grandma say. Right. But, but with such a elevated way of learning and thinking, like, there's still times though, where like you put yourself on, I wouldn't even say put yourself, but you, you get into some certain like situations like that, the high speed chase. How, like, are, is that like a thing of the not happening anymore? Like how does a person that thinks and knows how valuable you are end up in a situation like that? Because I'm not perfect.


Crazy. This thing, did that give you, lemme do it. A kid who I'm alright. Whatever makes You feel Comfortable. I'm not, that's not a Targeted question either. Just really wanna, man, I'm, I'm gonna have fun and enjoy life. I sauce walker. I'll give a damn ey. But the point of what I'm trying to say is I'm still a street nigga, man. I'm, I'm still, again, like I said, I only rap on the weekends. I spend a lot of my time in multiple cities just being out and about in the communities, in multiple different trap houses, chilling with rapper, like up and coming rappers, people who aspire to be rappers. I'm still like in a grit of it.


You know I might record. I don't always record in professional studios and backgrounds. Sometimes I'm recording in some apartments. You. know what I'm saying? Just to get that, that feeling and that true essence of where I started at with it You know what I'm saying? And just to also be motor a motivational piece for people to see. Like you could touch success. You could be like, you see a cyber truck on the internet and Sauce Talks could bring the cyber truck right to your ghetto and right to your hood. And me having that, that connection and openness to my background and where I come from and still indulgent in some of the activities that come from where I come from. Something as simple as smoking weed and sipping drink or put you in a position to where it's like, oh damn, now I'm getting pulled over And I You.


know what I'm saying though? I might be going through this and that. And I still. Well, you didn't pull over you. No, I said, I said now I'm getting pulled. Oh, got you. Got you got You. know what I'm saying? And You know it just be how it be You. know what I'm saying? You know. Like You know. I, I was just in a situation where I, you first of all You, know what I'm saying? The way that You know it was just, it is what it is. You was high. It is what, Hey, I'm just, I I'll say this, I will say this. I I I, without saying too much, I'll say this, is that I grew up where if a car is telling me or following me fast with all the lights off, I'm trained to do two things. Respond or respond.


Right. Right. And in in, in that situation, I was You know. That was my response. And I, I've have a history of responding that way. You know what I'm saying? In certain, in certain cars. And I'm just growing to change that by myself. But at the end of the day, You know it is what it is. You know what I'm saying? What about When you had the broomstick and the dude was coming at you with the knife? Yeah. What made You do that? I'm just violent. I'm just No like meaning as far as like when somebody aggressive me, like brings aggression to me. I'm just, that's just how I am. You defending I don't got security or none of that. I don't do I like you just seen, I come up here with 500,000 chain on. I ain't got no big tall person with black T on in the, in the, in the little pouch.


Like a little pouch. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't one of them type. I'm my own security. I beat people up. I been to the penitentiary. I been fighting and defending myself my whole life. My daddy's six five. Like, I, I've, I've, I have no physical fear of confrontation, death, another man weapons gun. Like I just, I'm from, I'm from Houston, Texas is a place where guns or cell phones and wallets, a handgun is a cell phone. Where I'm from, where I'm from. Every person in this radio station got a handgun in their bag every day of their life. Every woman is trained normally, regularly to walk around with a handgun. Every single one of y'all Oh wow. Where I'm from in, in the radio station right now while they're at work.


Your your gun, you got your gun, you got your little pink torro gun. She got her gun. He I like that as a pink You. know what I'm saying? That's how it, so for that, that guy was just tripping. Like it was, he was a a a a was he just like a homeless guy? He was a homeless guy. Drug addict, tweaking out mental health, tweaking on everybody, bothering everybody. And then he came to me and my friend with that shit. And we just ain't going for that shit. Especially me. Like, I enjoy defending myself. Like I, I don't want to hit nobody. I don't wanna fight nobody. But when these situations occur, whether it's life or death, I just enjoy defending myself because that is who I'm inspired by. Goku. I'm inspired by Ji. I'm inspired by Ku Riu.


You, I'm inspired by niggas, people that whoop ass. So when I'm put in a situation where I gotta whoop ass, I'm gonna whoop ass. You gonna, you gonna have to whoop me. When do you give up the Street Life sauce? 'cause you, you got a lot to offer. Yeah, I mean I, my personal opinion, I feel that life has just, I don't think it's ever gonna prohibit the blessing for me to just completely walk away from the streets. Because what I was born into, and by me being born into this lifestyle, into this way of thinking and to these relationships with people, I owe certain loyalty, certain relationships, certain accountability of going back to the community in which I was raised in and the people that shed my struggles and be a vessel of cleansing and healing and teaching and and prosperity to them.


I have to go back and be with them. I have to go in those communities and be a part of the, the activities and the struggles and, and the conversations that's going on. And from where I come from to make a difference. I can not The criminal aspect of It though. Yeah, yeah. Just in general, period. I can't you how you do have to be involved in criminal aspect. That don't mean I have to be doing crime. I don't have to be doing crime, but I have to be able to If you wanna tell somebody to stop selling crack. You have to be able to walk in a crack house where he's selling dope at and then offer him another job, another opportunity, another way that we can both sit at this table. We're gonna compare this business opportunity, this business strategy compared to the scale in the dope.


And I'm gonna show you how this is gonna be more beneficial and life changing for you than this. I cannot convince him to do that if I'm not willing to go into his habitat and his surroundings to, to convince him. I pulled up to the trenches in this car that you want the videos that you in here selling dope to watching and the way that they live in, in these videos. I'm living like that right here in your face. And I'm telling you that there are ways for you to use your same hustle, your same strategy and, and, and, and infuse that with a different way of, of creating money. Yeah. But you gotta tell 'em, jump in the car, let's go to a restaurant. 'cause I can't sit in the track house. The police come in here. They're not gonna say Boss Walker is in here offering a better opportunity. That's just a, that's just a scenario that make sense.


But I still gotta meet you at ground zero. That's what, That's understandable. People tell people put the guns down. But it's like people are literally that's you got it is me or you sometimes. Exactly. I wanna give you Back it, it come to these places where we getting shot at all day to understand why we have these guns. Now. That's just like, that's how my neighborhood is. That's just like me with the boxing shit. Okay. Like you want motherfuckers to stop shooting guns and all that, but then you also have to show them that you willing to do what? I don't what I I I'm willing to do what I'm asking you to do. Right. I'm willing to make the change or I've already made the change. Or I'm willing to take the risk that I'm suggesting for you to take and I'm trying to make it look cool or look, look respectable, look fun, look honorable.


To where you could still have a, a two black men, a two brown men, two men of of of color, of any ethnicity of color can have a physical feel, have a fight, have a disagreement. And we both go home to our families and our children. Right. Being able to go back to ground zero, I think is just like though you're, you've elevated You know. You're still humble. And then I kind of wanted to pivot back to you talking about the rules. And somewhere in this conversation you're also talking about pouring into your community. Like where did you get all of, all of your, your, your coding, like your ethics? 'cause I I I really come from a lot of nothing. And when I say that, I mean like, I grew up in a, a motherless home.


Not a fatherless home. And, but even I saw you Saying on say cheese. Your mom was a, A stripper. Your words A stripper. Yeah. My mom was a hoe. Yeah. My was a prostitute. My mom was a dancer. Mama was exotic dancer. My mom was also a gangster. My mom was also a hustler You know what I'm saying? So my father was a, was an aspiring athlete, aspiring football player, aspiring wrestler. He never made it like You know what I'm saying? To the top, like my dad is not like no household name wrestler. That You know his name. My dad's name's Al is Rag Walker. It's not any of these other guys that You know people look at as spectacles of millionaires. And even though wrestlers them niggas really broke too, honestly. But yeah, I grew up where cocaine, crack, heroin, the aroma of it being cooked and prepared to be used was like air fresh in the, in, in the living room to me type shit for a large period of time.


Then there's a period of time after that where my mother just wasn't present in my life at all for 12, 13 years. And I'm just growing up as a, with a single father trying to chase his dream, raise me, raise another woman's family that he married and also pay child support on me while I'm in his living room. Pay you see how your face, you see how your, you see that? You see your face that I know exactly. It's crazy as fuck is it. Don't barely make sense, do it. That's The World we live in. Because if a if a woman asks for child support and got the documentation needed necessary, she's gonna get that payment whether you raising a child or not. Yeah. Because the government sees what they sees it, it's a long process to undo this process and make them see and realize whatever.


But I say that to say with the struggles and the harshest that I grew up, and not just on my parents because that's just parenting, just the surroundings around me. The first time I seen people get shot and shoot each other and shit like that. I'm seven six, I, damn. I grew up in a mixture of two very, very wild places. My mom from Chicago, my dad from Houston, Texas. Mm. So like Is Rough. Yeah. Like I just seen it. I've experienced my uncle Pimp. My, my uncles is dope fi my granny alcoholic, my, my grandmother in Houston. My hun my Honduran. 'cause my dad is a hundred percent Honduran. My momma, my grandmother's from Los Sa Honduras. I watched my grandmama die from alcohol poisoning from just being an over alcoholic.


And my grandma died like four days before my sixth birthday. Wow. Type shit. So like, and she was teaching me Spanish. Like it was just so much shit that I saw struggle young. It matured me. Like my childhood was down there ripped from me, from just all the experiences that I've been through. So it forced me to mature early. That's another reason why I'm so childish. And I laugh so much. And I have so much fun as an adult and on the internet is because like growing up to me, I never liked watching movies like Minister Society and the Nino Brown and Boys in the Hood and all that shit. 'cause I'm really living that. Like I, how can I find enjoyment in the entertainment from black struggle and black poverty and making humorous moments of it when I'm, I really got the, the Ezekiel at my doorstep getting drunk.


I'm really living around Debos and, and Craigs and like, and like this shit. My mama is one. My mama is a Felicia. How is that funny? How, how is this like how is this escape of of my mind? How is this of, of, of a visual pleasing moment to my young mentality when this is my everyday reality that's not no fucking entertainment. Yeah. That's systematically programming me to continuously be what I already am fucking living. Or to, to think that that's fun. Well, you break, you break the cycle now though. I am because, because why? 'cause I want to be Goku. Because you want You know what I, I was gonna say, this conversation has definitely I yeah.


Sauce Walker. I know weed though. I'm the internet. Oh, weed. I'm dumb. Just dripping. Yeah. Woo. We we gotta do this again man. We gotta, we got another interview, but we definitely enjoyed the conversation. But Saucefather two is out now. And whatever you else got going on, man. When you in New York, pull up on us. Yeah, Man. Saucefather two out right now. TSL business. Shout out to my record label. Shout out to my friend. Shout out to The Breakfast Club for having me here. You know, it's been a long time coming man. Thank I appreciate you having me here. I appreciate meeting you young, beautiful ladies tonight. Tell 'em how to follow you. So Just put your hands together and pray to the sauce. God, to say I need some flavor. I need some Save. And I need the sauce that's gonna find you. And. I gotta, I gotta park.


She asked me about my podcast. I got a podcast coming too. Man. Sauce me up. Podcast. Follow us on YouTube, man. Tos me Up podcast. It's coming soon man. Ooey. Hopefully I get some of y'all to be a guest one day. We gonna be all over Our time on now. Sauce Walker is The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm Victoria Cash.


Thanks for calling the Lucky Land hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No purchase necessary v gw Group Void or prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Modo us Visit MO Do Do us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at MO Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello, Go us.


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Scam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S note and Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applied to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an at t store for details.