
What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv. iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person.


Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a Real Horse's head.


Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun. Take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called The Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business, the edge Of daybreak, eyes of love, but supposed to have been followed up by another app.


Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You got some special guests joining us. We got the brother, Dr. West Bellamy and we got beat out here. Welcome. What's, what's Happening? What's happening? Thanks for having us. Thank You man. Thanks for having us. We really appreciate it. Y'all are bringing a basketball tournament back to Charlotte. Yeah, because Charlotte needs no disrespect to CIAA. Yeah, but it was better than Charlotte. No, the ball way better way was better than Charlotte too. That was way better. What part Though? What part? Like the party scene was better, but the games were not being attended. That was the biggest problem with it. Being in Charlotte. Yo, nobody comes to the games.


Yeah, like everybody out at the day party turning up. But ain't nobody in there seeing Johnson c Smith gets smacked by Winston-Salem State. See, That hasn't happened in a long time. Calm Down. We're not talking about the facts. I think times have changed for HBCU sports And I think that was a time when people didn't necessarily really go for the sports. Now more and more people are going to the sports, they're, they're broadcasting the games more. So I think if they bring it back to Charlotte, I think it'll be a lot different. I just think the Charlotte, that whole vibe and that whole scene was a lot better. It was fun. It was, you got to see so many different people. I just don't get that from DMV And I And I went last shot. I just didn't feel that the same Well, Well one, we won't shout out. Show love to, to Mayor Brandon Scott in Baltimore. Absolutely. And our partners over at Van Wagner and CIAA. I know they're doing their best in Baltimore, right?


I was there this year. I had a good time. Same. They had a ball. I thought they did really well. But that's also to your point, why we're bringing this new tournament, the Black College Invitational Championship to Charlotte. Our own tournament started by us, specifically for us, the Black College Invitational Championship. We don't have to beg or ask anybody else to do anything for our HBCUs. We started this endeavor to do this specifically for us. We take care of all the fees. We pay for travel, lodging, every team that comes to participate in the tournament, we give them a entry fee and then the winning schools get $25,000. And this is all led by us put together by us. So we need everybody to come out and support. Yeah. Trump gonna sign an executive order, no federal funding to North Carolina.


And that's different from the NCAA too because like teams have to pay to go to the NCAA or pay to go to the IT and stuff like that. So for West to put in a, a situation where that BCIC actually pays the schools to come, like that's different right there. Yeah. Yo, what you just said was actually that's true because all those years that it was in Charlotte, CIAA, I literally only went for the party. You Never went to one game. Yeah, that is definitely true. Yeah. So, so What's up? You coming to Charlotte? This shit is a game. BCIC was definitely Glad y'all asked. I couldn't wait to tell you. I'm coming. How did y'all, how did y'all two get together to do this? How did y'all Wake up? So, so one, this is an idea that, that I have along with my, my real good brother Russell Stewart.


We've been talking about this for about a year and some change, a real quick backstory, it's gonna sound crazy. We were, we were on a social media platform that shall not be named and we saw a bunch of people complaining that a particular school, Norfolk State, didn't get into the NCAA tournament. They didn't get a at large bid after having a phenomenal season. And folks were saying, man, damn, like the ncaa, they never give HBCUs more than one school. We never get more than one bid. We need to have our own tournament. So I hit my friend Josh, who runs this thing called HBCU nightly, shout out to Josh and was like, yo man, we need to do our own tournament. So we were talking and, and things kind of fizzled out and yo, this, this sounds wild. I had a dream in December of 2023 And I was telling BDA when I woke up, it was like, God telling me, yo, go do the tournament.


Wow. And woke up, made some calls and we started putting everything together and lo and behold, less than a year later, we, we had the tournament. Now I used to, I live in Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia and was traveling back and forth to Charlotte And I would always hear this one particular voice on the radio Be that, be that, yo, This sounds crazy. I was telling them I will always hear his voice on the radio when I was traveling through on this particular station that shall not be named. Yeah, we, that's how we rock, right? So, so I said, yo, when it was time for us to put the tournament together, people were like, well yo, we need to get this person to host or this person to host. And I'm like, nah, we gotta get this dude BDot, the dude that was on the Beyonce record, the dude that's known as the Mr.


Voice of North Carolina. Yeah. So when I hit him up and was like, bro, we need to have you on board, he was like, you know, I'm everything HBCU, you attended Winston-Salem State University. I attended South Carolina State University and Virginia State University. So we're all HBCU, everything. And Emini here, it's, it's really been a match made in heaven. You know, BDot, I, you know, you know you do the podcast. I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I wanna say thank y'all for playing that in February every day. Like seriously, thank y'all Charlemagne Envy, Jess like appreciate The Breakfast Club for that. There's a lot of things that that people don't know that you put them onto. You know What Emini here, but, but you know what I like about that podcast is you tell people about things that they may or may not know about Black history. So tell us the history of the BCIC And I never even heard of it honestly until y'all did this Yeah.


Tournament and you won't because this is the first of his, of his calling. You dig what I'm saying? Like again, Wes told you like this is his brainchild and the idea that we don't have a space to celebrate HBCUs after our SWAC tournament or CIA tournament or MEAC tournament. We don't have anywhere else. So an opportunity to have HBCUs come to a NCAA type environment like this is the genesis of it. This is the history of it. Right now we're all participating in the history of the BCIC last year. Again, the thoughts were coming to fruition and having conversations with the appropriate people at the different conferences. It's a lot of legwork that had to go into this. You gotta get signed off from the ncaa, you gotta get signed off from each individual conferences.


There were certain conferences that wanted pave meds and it was just a lot going on. So to have it in a space now where we're actually here like less than three weeks away, like this is the genesis of the BCIC. So I'm just excited to be a part of this black history and bringing something like this to Charlotte. So You didn't go to DS U I'm sorry? Did you go to DSU? No, I went to Winston-Salem State where you saw DSU. What's DS U Delaware statement? Lauren. You know Lauren? Yeah. Oh no, because Lauren think you talking about BDot from Rap Ray. That happens All the time. Somebody told me yesterday said like You got a Wu-Tang list. I'm like, no. She just sent a text that was just like, you Know, she was just like, for your information, BDO went to DS U too. But she probably was talking. Yeah, she think talking about other BDot, Brian BDO Miller.


Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. And I know that beat out too. It's a lot of punctuation guys out here in these streets. Yeah. But I know, I know BDO Miller as well. Nah, but I went to Winston-Salem State University class of 2006. Lauren. Yeah, Western Salem. She thinks he talking about the other, I understand he just wanna mess with Lauren, But how difficult is it to get the schools involved? Right? Because I DJ a lot of the HBCU events especially, I like the rivalries, right? The rivalries a lot better because it's like, you always see the Howard Hampton, you always see the Hampton Norfolk, you'll see Morgan and Howard and you'll see FAM U in this one. So the rivalries are good because it gets the the people involved. But how are you gonna make sure fans come out and actually wanna come to these games? Because you said it's so difficult. Yeah, and a lot of times we don't get the press, we don't get the TV time.


We don't get a lot of those things where people don't necessarily find out about it. And that's why I like North Carolina too. I think a lot of colleges, especially HBCUs, are in the south. Absolutely. And it's easier for people to get there. So how are you gonna make sure that people get to these games and these colleges get there as well? Well, we Got a couple of ways. We have a wide variety of different in-game entertainment opportunities for people. Different theme nights. Emini here we got a welcome to Charlotte Night. On the first day when we're looking at Emini here, this is the first time ever you're seeing different conferences playing each other in a postseason tournament. So we're thinking that that's also gonna drive attention to the games when you have the MEC versus Swac and then you have the CIAA versus the SIAC. Like you've, again, you've never seen that. And this is our first postseason basketball tournament and we know like we can't West Star Laurel solely on people just coming to see the basketball games.


So we have several of the games hosted by No Limit. Larry, shout out to No Limit Larry, no Limit. Larry outta Charlotte. He's gonna be hosting the games on Thursday and Friday afternoon. And then Friday evening, Saturday and Sunday for the championship games, we got BDot in games. We have performances, HBCU bands will be participating, giveaways. And then it's a whole week of events. So Tuesday we're kicking it off for the golf tournament. Wednesday we have A-H-B-C-U sustainability summit with HBCU presidents from across the country, followed by an empowerment luncheon that'll be hosted by some, some really cool folks, including the Durant Family Foundation. Shout out to Dr. Wanda Durant and Mama Durant. Then Thursday through Sunday we have the games. We also have an educational day. So we'll be having high school education day with a thousand high school scholars from the Greater Charlotte area coming on Thursday about another thousand on that Friday.


And then we have a step show, a culminating event on Sunday evening. So again, like it's not just about the games, but make no mistake about it, if I got one shot at this, if people don't come and support this year, there will be no year two. We got a one year agreement with the city of Charlotte. It's kind of prove it. Yeah. Yo Wes, if you can pull us off and we make it what it's supposed to be, then we'll be able to do something moving forward. But if we don't then there will be no year two. So all the parties, it's a trial, all the parties, all the day parties, the night parties, all the things that individuals are saying that they want to come for. Like all that's cool. But if you only go to those things and we don't come to the games and we don't sell tickets, we don't put butts in seats, we don't have a safe weekend, we don't have people coming purchase hotels, then we will not have a year two.


So we always talk about like us needing a seat at the table, but yo we're building our own table. Like we don't need anybody else to do anything for us. But when we do build this table, come eat with your own. And that's what we're asking everybody to do. My bad B. No, no, you're good. I was just going to Just say that they have a system in place where they're selecting schools, but I hope politically they do it like where they get schools that are in that area so that fans of that school can come. You dig what I'm saying? Like, because North Carolina Central is like lower in the mec, but that's a team that if they were in the BCIC folks are gonna come to that. You dig what I'm saying? You about to gimme cussed out. I Know, I know. And I, we didn't talk about this as copper points, but I'm just saying like I hope that it's the fine you have to do that. You dig what I'm saying?


So like I hope I, I definitely hope that it's attended the way that it should be. So this can be the beginning of something huge. How did Y'all even get the teams to participate? Like, like because it's the first time tournament, like a lot of schools be like, eh, I'm cool on that. How did y'all even get 'em to participate? So it's a selection process. Okay. So what we're doing is after every conference tournament, the CIAA just finished S-A-I-C-S this weekend. So after every conference tournament we'll be talking to teams who finish in the top quadrant. And then those individuals are incentivized to come. So again, we give you $5,000 for participating in the tournament. We cover all food, travel, lodging, and we're giving you a first class experience. Postseason basketball for those who don't win their conference tournament is non-existent for us.


So it's only incentivized for our seasons to continue and then to be a part of something in Charlotte where a lot of people wanna be back in that city and then doing something for the culture, it wasn't really hard. As I've been talking to Presidents Cap and adsd, He lying. I just wanna say this, I Just say man, because I just wanna say this. No, I'm not. I'm gonna give you your props because Wes has been boots on the ground of this. Like when you asked that question, Charla man, he's had to talk to every single head of every the, the SIAC, the swac, the CIAA, the meac, the ncaa like gets signed up. So to answer your question, the the, the first answer to that would be connections. Okay. Like the way he's connected to so many different individuals, the people that can go in rooms that he couldn't go into and speak for him on behalf of the BCIC.


Now, yes, all the things he's saying is a hundred percent correct, but how do we get teams to sign off connections? That's true. The fact that he knows certain people and he was able to talk to them that was able to, 'cause certain people wouldn't even listen and he had to have certain conversations with other people to come. You know what I'm saying? Like so cash credit or connections, you always want them connections. And he has those That's Right. Yeah. Y'all got a step show too, right? Greek fraternity brothers of sorority team. Yeah. So it's the first ever BCIC step show. So this is the first ever inter conference step show. So, you know, you often have step shows and it's like, just bring the best Greek teams, but these are gonna be participating Greek teams and or step show teams from the different conferences. So they'll be competing for the BCIC championship. So everything is not only built around competition, but including all four of our conferences.


Like, so for example, when you, you go to, let's say you go to the Hampton, right? Or you go to Morgan State, you don't necessarily interact with people from Grambling or from Miles College. If you, if you went to Clark Atlanta, you're not necessarily interacting with folks from Delaware State, for example. Nobody Interacts with Delaware State. Don't do Lauren like that be cooking. Lauren don't do Lauren like that. Lauren bdi, they do alumni. Yes. De Jackson, Deshaun Jackson Does. You know what I'm saying? But again, it's all about really bringing these conferences together and, and, and having an opportunity for our student athletes, students and an alumni more than anything else. To be able to intertwine with each other is what it's all about.


That's how we build culture. And in this era right now, more than any other, we have to make sure we build with each other, which means we gotta spend time with each other. We gotta do things with each other. We gotta play against each other. We gotta compete against each other. We spend money with each other. And I think that's only gonna en enhance us as we move forward. We more than enough, you know, I think about how, you know, on Joy Reads last night everybody gathered around and she ended up having the number one show in her demo. 25 to 54. Yeah. Like, damn, why we ain't been doing that the last five years for her. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So it's like we more than enough you just gotta show up. Yeah. Right. And that's what it's about. Let me ask you, so, so a lot of these conferences in in these money's the biggest thing. Yeah. Has sponsors came in or were sponsors a difficult thing?


Oh nah, it's been difficult. I ain't, I made no mistake about It. What's the biggest sponsor that came in and supported you right away? That, that you could sell the, The biggest sponsors been Black Voters Matter, which is Oh really? Yeah, yeah. Ironically, shout out to my man, cliff and Tasha. What about all These soda companies that sponsor everything else and these, these liquor companies that sponsor these beer companies, Emini here, these clothing companies Pal these cars Companies because I see them sponsor everything else. Right? And, And, and they have been very slow quiet to come to sponsor this. Just being completely honest with you, that doesn't mean it's not gonna happen. Obviously with, with three weeks out, it's gonna happen. It's gonna be a first class event. But to be very candid with you, we y'all at Douce? Yeah. Nah, nah, for real.


But, but we haven't had, we haven't had a lot of the support that you would see with traditional entities. We're not the a CC, we're not the SEC tournament. They still have Budgets though. And they still have budget. Absolutely correct. Which is even more so while we're saying we need folks to come out to the games because this is really Emini here, pretty much half the tournament I've been paying for out of pocket. Mm. Like we, and this is a, I'm not gonna say the the amount because I'll be in court, but, but, but this is, this is a, this is a, a very heavy endeavor I'm sure in which we've had to put on and we haven't had the sponsorship support in which you see again from other entities, which is part of why we appreciate y'all for having us up here. I'm sorry Jess. You were, you were saying Something. Yeah, I was about to ask, do you have a really, really dope videographer?


Yeah. Yeah. We, yeah man. Because how you gotta do it is you gotta package it a certain way. You gotta make it look like something that somebody wanna get. And, and to Envy's point, they are supposed to be honestly like Yeah. Not quiet about giving money. And sponsors supposed to be coming out out the ass cheeks for this. Yeah, but it, you got to like package that bitch real nice. Like market it


and hey, what's Up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, they made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life Tune. At the time I talked to fashionista stylist, icon Queen of Mel Rose, about the time she got arrested on the TV series. Cops, why Are you on cops? So I'm in LA this is when I first come to LA again and I'm here for a few years And I go, let me go buy some drugs on the Catton and Santa Monica Boulevard. There was the drug spot there. So there I go, I'm buying drugs. And then all of a sudden they're like, you're on cops. And I turn around. Oh, so you don't know what? It's a microphone in my face and a camera. Oh God. Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


With every country. Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like Mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, we Used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people.


One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson as she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches, we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. And Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew, obviously. Mm pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex.


And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Ah, take a big whiff my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. I have like the dopest I'm talking about really, really dope videographers do every day. Like your main event. Especially that step show. That step show is going, oh Yeah, the Energy excite people That crazy. It sound like you coming What We doing? It sound like I could do Daht Talk some a new mama too in a, in a month.


But no, I, But no, I see this being really, really big. And and that's how you get the, the duces and the, you know, not even just liquor, but the, the big sponsor, red Lobster Sponsorship, lobster, red Lobster should be lobster Be all Over this Emini here. We've had conversations, you know what I'm saying? You know, we would love to to follow up because They doing the rebranding damn self. No doubt. They know they need just as much as y'all need. At the same time. We gotta, same time we give, we gotta give credit what credit is due. We have a, a really dope sponsorship arm. We're partnering with Van Wagner. Van Wagner's, the group that runs the CIAA. They produced the Super Bowl. Shout out to my man, Julius and Brandon in the back. They've been, they've been really, really helpful. But I would, I would be lying if I didn't say that again. We haven't received the same amount of support as others. So Yeah, even clothing jersey, whether it's Puma Knight, Whatever it may be, Emini here.


We've literally had conversations with all of these entities. Well we have sometimes People want to see it done. That's literally what I, but I always say that you with all these companies, Emini here, Charlemagne and myself, we deal with these sponsorships and companies. It's difficult. Gimme something. Yeah, yeah. Like gimme a little five stacks just to help me out for the first year. Yeah. And then when we prove ourselves, then we can go to the table. Yeah. But what about TV time? Is this gonna be on tv? Yeah. So we are proud to announce that we have a television, television partner with Rise. It's a new network. They're part of Samsung. So we're the first sports entity on their platform network. Us and Liv Golf. So Samsung came in as a partner. Samsung through Rise Rather. They came in as a partner. So we were really happy about that. And they're producing as well as streaming and televising the entire tournament.


Really, really looking forward to that. Everybody with a go. Cool. Did You reach out to other networks as well and they kind of just fell back as well? HBCU go B bt. Yeah. Wing. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We, yo, we got, we're happy to be with Rise and we're really, Really excited. We h No, no, nah. This is HB CU goals wheelhouse. You know what Emini here and when I see stuff like that And I worked with HBCU go before and it's, it is a black brother that owns that And I seen them do the football games and they have the budgets and a lot of people say that that college, you know, especially HBCU games don't do well. Yeah. But they're only gonna do well if we support. Yeah. And this is the type of he supporting I deal with all, You know, you know, and he Dominican And I give him money. You know what I'm saying? It's crazy man.


Shout out. Shout out to HB C. Go. We know you're not Dominican. Shout out to HBCU. Go. I will say we had some fruitful conversations for a wide variety of different reasons. We are, we're working through how things can work out in the future And I like them. Yeah. But, but for this right now, again, Ry stepped up. They, they answered the challenge and they're showing us support. But more than anything else, you know, it's one thing to watch it on television. We need folks to come down to Charlotte and come to the games. And that's why I'm so happy for, to have brothers like BDot, you know, Jess envy, Charlemagne's for your support. Because us not only being on your platform. Yeah. I'm not a brother's. I'm not a brother. I heard what you just said. Emini here. My bad. That's, I blessed had brothers like My, my bad.


She got ptsd. She got ptsd. She went through a bad time on social media about that a while ago. My bad. What she been through, be that what you mean Emini here. She It was a lot. It was a lot Was a lot. It was a lot going on. Right. Yo, y'all wild mans had to have a whole baby to prove to the critics. Number two, we know you the first time. The first one. Y'all yo is rough out here. This is a tough room. This is a tough one. It's interesting what the sponsors, because what I would've want sponsors to know, this is a question I'm gonna ask. How does this tournament help address the challenges that HBCUs face in regards of funding? Yeah. Media coverage, recruitment. Yeah. Because sponsors need to know if they are connected with y'all, they are helping with that.


Yeah. Literally this is your one stop shop. So when we talk about recruitment for H BCUs are high school education days will be recruitment fairs. We have two days of that. Specifically when you look at creating an environment to show off the best of the best of HBCU culture from the sports environment, the games will be high quality first class events. The high, excuse me, the college bands that will be playing and performing also show you a glimpse of the HBCU culture. And then when you look at the alumni support and those who will be attending the games as well as the ancillary events, you're gonna get everything about HBCU culture at this specific, excuse me, this specific tournament. When you look at the presidents who will be attending the sustainability summit, the empowerment luncheon, when you're gonna have literally 500 players and stakeholders all in one room, there's no better place for you to be able to have a captive audience to show off whatever it is that you're selling and or supporting than this event.


But we understand it's the first year. But when we look at some of these other conglomerates that have been built, they had support from the beginning. And what I'm saying is support us now or support us later, you will support us at some port at some point. But our people specifically, we know they gonna have our back. And if anything else, we got platforms like this one that will show us love. Right? We got people, like the folks in this room who will show us love and we got us, you know, some of this like the, the tournament is gonna happen. We already got that part scored away. It's, it's transpiring. And I think that's a testament of we don't gotta beg everybody else to do for us right now. Yeah. Having more sponsorship money would be a lot easier for me and my children. 'cause it's, 'cause you know, we paying a lot right now, but we can do this ourselves.


Yeah. And we're doing this ourselves now later. They just gonna get taxed. We asked everybody to come on board. They didn't, so they gonna have to pay that fee and pay that tax. But we can do this ourselves. How much is the, are we doing, I'm, How much is the venue hold? 8,300 people. Okay. Yeah. So 8,300 people in the bowl jingles we're anticipating around 150,000 people to come to Charlotte over that weekend. You know, a multitude of different events. We're not gonna say the thing that Envy's gonna be doing, You actually told me I got working out there. No, but, but Emini here we got, we have a ton of events that'll be taking place from day parties to night parties to again Phil philanthropic events. There's gonna be a lot of people who transcend in the city would just need those folks to come to the game.


The city of Charlotte has been great supporters and they've been great partners. Shout out to Mayor Liles, Councilman Smudgy, Mitchell James, smudgy Mitchell, the a hundred black men of Greater Charlotte. They've been great partners. A multitude of different people. So this is gonna be a first class event. Like I think sometimes when people associate things with black and and us doing it ourselves, they think second class and that's due to white supremacy. But we're showing folks that we will put together again, a first class event that is put together by us, that is for us and it's gonna be for the benefit of our people. Why the Bojangles Colosseum though? Emini here. Y'all couldn't find no place else. That's Just a coliseum in Charlotte that's, It's called, It could have been a spectrum. A spectrum is super, super huge. 8,300 seats is nice enough no problem doing it.


Like yeah, welcome we got And Be Real. And to be real, the Bo Jingles, you know, the, the, the city of Charlotte, the Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority, they own the Bo Jingles Coliseum and they've been very gracious hosts like, yo, tell us whatever you need. Bo Jingles is great. Yeah. Bo Jingles has been dope Emini here. There's there's been a lot of events that have been taking place there. They have a first class professional team and they've been really good partners. That's what, and if those of you who with the CIAA thought that you had a good time, when you come to Charlotte and see what we put together, you're gonna see something very similar if not even better. And I'm telling y'all, come now because in two, three years when you see this thing on the same level of as some of the the other major sports conferences and entities, you going to be able to say that you were a part of something from the very beginning.


And so the biggest thing is we need these games to be sold out. Yeah. Butts in the seats. We Need busts in the seats, man. We, the, the Bo Jingles Coliseum holds 8,300 people. All the floor seats have been bought out. So, you know, of course, you know, our, our folks, they like, yo, we we wanna sit on the floor. The tickets are very affordable. Tickets are $40 per session. We have two games on Thursday at 12 and two. Then you have evening games at six and eight. That's the same model for Thursday and Friday. So we start off with the Meac versus the Swac teams and the CIAA versus the SCIC on Friday. Then the MEC versus SWAC championship games on Saturday. And then the CIAA versus the SCIC championship games on Sunday. And there's men and women. That's it's men and women. It's 16 teams. Yeah. So we don't leave our sisters out. You know, Jess, we don't leave the sisters out. Thank you. Yeah. I got I'm with you.


I'm with you. We don't leave the sisters out because it's important for our ladies to have the opportunity to showcase their talents as well. And we hoping we gonna have a few more surprises. And where do they go to get tickets? You can go to ticketmaster.com or I, we prefer you go directly to our website, www.blackcollegechampionship.org. You can put it in any search engine. Look us up on Instagram, you'll see all the, you'll see the history of this coming together. You'll be able to follow the journey. And man, we just need your support. You know, again, there's a lot of folks talking about how what we need to do for each other. There's a lot of discussion about, you know, what may be going on in other areas or entities in The World or specifically in our country. But if you want the opportunity to be able to support your own, it's with this, even if you can't make it, you can buy a ticket, buy a ticket, and we gonna have, like we said, we have high school education day, we can give a ticket to a kid.


Like we have people who we can, who we can put the butts in the seats for. Absolutely. But we need your support. My bad. I love that. No, you right. Real thing they can't do. They cannot, they can't doubt your execution. Yeah. So like, just execute. I ain't, I'm not a person who like going nowhere begging for no sponsorship, doing none of that. I I understand. Right. But y'all can do this shit. Y'all can do it. And, and after it's executed this year, everybody gonna be on y'all dicks. You know what Emini here, just trying to give, oh this is great. This is great. Yeah. But that, like you said, you tax as Yeah. And this, this shit gonna go be, it's gonna be big. Yeah. You Still having some difficulty transitioning to radio and not cursing a lot stuff. That's, She dropped Dick and everything. She, yeah, she passed the, that's why I don even work.


I don, I don I don't even come to work crazy. Brandon, you went to DS U, right? Yeah. Brandon went to DS U. No, Brandon, that's what Lauren was trying to say. I don No she wasn't. She just found that out. Good job, Lauren. Wait, you have corner? No idea. I know That. I don't know. It's nothing that I don't know neither with the DSU website. Www dot Black College Invitational Championship dot org. Or again, you could just put in BCIC in any of your search engines. You'll see us come up the writeups all the information, you know, again, make sure y'all come down to Charlotte. The weather's gonna be nice. It it's gonna be a first class event. BDOs gonna be on the mic. No limit. Larry. Have a great time. We got a couple other special guests, man, that'll, that'll be there in attendance too. You know, a few friends of mine who will be in the city during that time.


So you don't wanna miss it. It's gonna be a good time. Alright. If you, if this is not a success, can't blame the white man on this one. Nah, I don That's a fact. This is on us. It's on us a hundred percent. It's a hundred percent on us. But we know it's gonna be a success. It's a success. Like you always talk about the, the intentionality with our words and the, the positivity that we're putting in the atmosphere. It's gonna give us, it's going to yield the results that we're looking for. And we don't need any charity. Like this is gonna be a first class event with first class basketball. And it's the same weekend as the March Madness. So what we tell people also, you can't make it down to Charlotte. Yo, you can download the app. The, the Samsung television app. You can put it on. You'll be able to, to put it on your phone. You can watch it on your television the same way. Y'all can't wait to watch March Madness. This is HBCU. March Madness.


That's right. Our school. So come out and support or watch and tune in. It's gonna be a success. 'cause I, I'm hearing casual people talking about it. Same Thing I told him, yo, like that's more like we, I was asking about ticket sales and whatnot And I was just like, the ticket sales isn't as important as the conversation about it when you got folks just organically talking about, yo, I heard about this event, da da da. That right there was way higher than just what you see off ticket sales right now. So I'm enjoying that too. For sure. Yeah. All well, Dr. West Bellamy and Beat Out. We appreciate You guys. Appreciate y'all man. Seriously. What up Man? I'll see y'all down there. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


What would you do if Mysterious Drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions. What do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Len's from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure em, invasion of the Drones, wherever you get your favorite podcast.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes Lower From Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that Picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and Archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahan, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. 45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album Behind Bars. Record collectors considered a masterpiece.


The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The end Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.