
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I'm Camil Ramon at Amela Ortiz. And our podcast, Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Suat family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey Kids. It's me, Kevin Smith, and It's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a beardless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early In The morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, Indeed. Her New book, Flip the Tables is out right now. We have Alycia Johnson. Welcome. Thank You. I'm glad to be here. How you feeling? I Feel good. Interesting to say that in the midst of everything going on, but I feel good taking care of myself and getting this message out. Well, We find joy what we can. Right, Right. We have to. You got to. Yeah. That's the only way to survive. Absolutely. I love the title of your book because I think that, you know, people don't ever expound on that part of Jesus enough. You know what Emini here, But by Jesus.


Yes, yes. Flip the Tables, the everyday disruptors guide to Finding courage in Making Change, break that title Death. Yeah. You know, it act, I'm glad you mentioned that reference. I'm a pastor's daughter. I love that story of Jesus and, and all of my work, I've worked on a lot of presidential campaigns. I've worked for Planned Parenthood. People constantly ask me, oh my goodness, how can I make change? And they think it has to be at this massive scale. But what I realized is that when we find the courage to really be ourselves and to live in our truth and to speak up in rooms and do these small acts of disruption every single day, it doesn't actually require folks to quit their jobs and run for office. I don't think a lot of people should do that. It doesn't require us to be like Dr. King or, you know, having these massive platforms, which are really important.


But there are things that folks can do every single day. And I found that getting connected to your individual purpose and having the courage to be who you are is directly connected to being an everyday disruptor that propels our communities forward. And I think it's kind of divine that it's such a time as this, that it came out when I started writing this book five years ago. And who knew that it would come out three months after, a few months after Donald Trump was elected again, You you worked on the VP's campaign, right? And you did you work, you worked with her Joe Barack Obama, right? Yep. I I worked on, I worked on Joe Biden Obama's campaign, Joe Biden's campaign, Elizabeth Warren's campaign, and Vice President Harris's campaign. What Bothers me is I know people like you exist in, people like you work for these individuals.


Why aren't they disruptive enough? Why don't they flip tables? Why do they keep, why do they don't? Why don't, why don't they have the courage to disrupt the status quo? You talking about Barack Kamala? All Of them. Yeah, all of them. Yeah. Well, you know, it's interesting because I don't, I don't wanna say I look at, well, I, I don't think I look at all of them. In essence the same in democratic politics, in politics in general. Elected officials try, I think, tend to follow a certain path, right? And sometimes it seems as though making sure that the status quo remains. I do think if we step back a little bit, Barack Obama was a bit of a disruptor, right? Because Of, because of him though, because of his Identity, because of him, his identity.


But, and, and because he, you know, folks told him he shouldn't have ran, and he and he did. Right? Now, there's a whole system at play that folks, you know, when you become the president of the United States or the nominee nominee for the president of the United States, you know, you uphold this party platform. But the reality is, I don't look at them to disrupt what our country needs politically. I actually look at us as the people and the groundswell, which is why it's just as important. Yes, I work for a lot of presidential campaigns, but it's just as important to ro to work for these local races, to work for these primary races, to work for these governor's races, all these people who are actually trying to challenge the system and get more reflective folks in and position to actually push forward the policies of care about like universal healthcare and, you know, racial justice and, and access to abortion and all of those things.


And so, you know, it takes a lot of courage to shake the table. And it takes a lot of courage to concede that if you're gonna shake the table, you actually might lose in the short term, but you're going to create a path for other people to, you know, push forward that change. And it'll be a little bit easier. Because you were there and you started something, how Did you get into politics? What got you into politics in that part of the game? I think it was always in me. I talk about my late grandmother in the book often. I actually dedicate the book to her, miss Ozella Bennett. And she was one of those people who, much like a lot of our ancestors, their names aren't in history books, but they were foot soldiers. My grandmother was in the church.


I'm the dog of a pastor, so I grew up in the black church. And there's a lot of politics there, right? A lot of social justice there. And just this understanding that where much is given much is required, that my gifts are not my own, and that they are actually on loan, and that I actually have to get those out and help The World around me. And my grandmother, no matter how much she had or what she didn't have, she always felt like she had to stand in the gap. And voting for me is just all Emini. Here. I would go to with my parents through the voting booth. I had that little sticker, but that was just like one part of it. I had to be an active participant in The World that I wanted to create. And so for me, it was just kind of natural that it would be a part of my life. Now, how I got to my position, I talk about it in the book.


I, I didn't know anybody in democratic politics. When I moved to DC I was working a corporate job. I just had a dream. I was like, oh, this black man is president. I think I kind of wanna work for his reelection campaign and figured out how to network with folks that ended up taking a job that I wasn't even qualified for. But they took a chance on me And I figured it out from there. And I can't just sit on the sidelines and critique something and not be a part of it. And I also understand how engaging, if so many more of us engaged in the, the, the process, the outcomes will look different. Our communities will look different, but we, for, for whatever reason, there are so many barriers for us to engage. And that's another reason why I wanted to be part of this. Because I felt like, well, if I can do this and people can identify with me, maybe it won't feel as hard, right?


For me to engage in politics, maybe, you know, I won't feel ashamed that I don't know every single term that they're using or every single way that a policy is developed. I'll be honest with you, sometimes when I have to go on C-N-N-M-S-N, BT, M-S-N-B-C and talk about something, I gotta research what I'm talking about. Because government class was in high school. I'm seven years old, I don't remember everything. And so if I can't remember all these things, right? If I have to continue to inform myself, imagine all the other people who are just scared to participate because they don't know. It's not that they don't want to. And so I, I know that I have to be a representative of that. But I also, again, it's this calling where much is given, much is required, and I'm required to make my communities better. I think right now with politics and like how we're seeing people get messages out through like TikTok and stuff like that, things are changing.


Absolutely. And I saw an interview that you did where you talked about you weren't the most qualified, but you were the most recommended when it came to working for the Obamas. And I saw another interview where you talked about your red flag is you chapter in your book, oh, girl. And I putting both of those together. I think that there's like a renaissance of like new political leaders, but they're afraid that they don't know enough or that they can't challenge the Trumps of The World. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So how do you speak to those leaders that are coming up in this book? Because they're there. Yeah. They just need to figure out how to do what you did. No, they literally are there, which is why I start the book with disruption of self. Right? We actually have to look in the mirror, and that's the hardest thing to do. One thing that I've realized, and working and advocacy spaces and political spaces, I'm not even in trouble for saying this, but we're telling The World to treat us well and to vote for us to enact these policies that see us as worthy for humanity and all of these things and fighting for justice.


And yet we're not treating each other well. Right? And a lot of that is because we are not healthy. We're not dealing with the things that are, that are holding us back from being who we are. We're not dealing with this trauma, and we are, we are doing this interpersonal harm that is actually not allowing us to do the work that needs to be done for communities. And so I, I put that chapter the red flag as you and the disruption of self section of the book. Because so many times we are like, we are the ones that are getting in our own way of our own destiny. Whether it is that professional pursuit, whether it's that personal pursuit. I write, I tell a lot of business in my book, and a lot of, a lot of this was inspired by a lot of relationships that were going the wrong way.


And I was like, I'm sitting dating the same person, but none of them know each other. Like, what's happening here? Girl, I'm good. I I'm, I'm holding myself back from career opportunities. I'm holding myself back, but yet I knew I had this big vision. And so if we remove those barriers within our own selves that are holding ourselves back, we would be so surprised the change that we could have in The World around us, right? We would be so surprised at the doors that would not just open, but the spaces that we create that somebody else was waiting for us to create. So many times people just sit on the sidelines to critique, but they don't have the courage to actually try and put themselves out there. And that's why, you know, the only thing stopping us sometimes Yes, there's the system, right?


Like there's all of that. And yet at the same time, sometimes it's, it's us getting in our own way. I think it's us majority of the time. It is. I really feel that way. I feel like, you know, yes, we do know the systems are there, but even just having that mentality, right? Like, oh, the system's going to stop me. The system's gonna stop me. You're already telling Yourself no, that's right. Or you're already limiting yourself. Right? And, and multiple things can be true at the same time. I have a friend, I say it all the time, I have a friend who hates that. I say that, but I'm like, yes, the system's there, but like it's you, you sitting over here, And I talk about this as well, I talk about mental health care, health and the book. I was diagnosed with OCD when I was 15. So I've been in and outta therapy my whole life. And at one point, actually in the process of writing this book, which was really hard, I quit therapy because I was like, I'm sitting here having the same conversation every Monday at 5:00 PM and I'm not doing the work because I'm scared of facing myself.


I'm not having that difficult conversation. I'm sitting here theorizing it. Debbie Brown just said, said that literally Emini here. That's something she's always told me. But literally she was just sitting there and saying the exact same thing. People will go to therapy for years, for years and be afraid to actually do the hard work on themselves. Yeah. And, and it's like, like how do we as a society get to a place that we are scared to sit with ourselves? Part of how I got to this book was a very successful career. I'm, I'm extremely blessed. I'm sitting in this beautiful corner apartment. I got all the things, I bought all the things I can travel, going to all these places. And I was sitting there And I was crying because I was not happy. Mm. And I looked in the mirror And I was like, what are you covering up? And what are you running from?


And what really hit me was when I realized you're running from yourself. Mm. And like, how sad is that, that we run from ourselves? Like we are something to be fearful of. And so I had to change the relationship with myself. I had to change the relationship with what success looked like, with what relationships look like. And that, you know, tension and confrontation and disagreement in relationship doesn't mean the end of a relationship. Right. And that shifted my friendships, it shifted my professional relationships, and it got me to this bold place of, you know what, I know what my purpose is. I know that this is a means to an end, and if this doesn't go my way, at least I've tried. Right. Right. What Didn't you, what didn't you like that you saw? Like what were you running from?


Particularly In myself? Oof. One of the things is how hard I am on myself. I'm a Virgo in four houses and clearly a high achieving person. And I was just so hard on myself. When's your birthday? September 3rd. Very close to Beyonce. Same birthday. Same birthday, birthday twin. That's right. Okay. So you feel me. And I got to a place where I was judging myself so hard judging myself for, And I don't even wanna say mistakes, but learning opportunities, judging myself for outcomes that did or did not happen. And I had someone say to me, they said, if people around you that you love heard how hard you are on yourself, how are they gonna feel?


You're gonna be with them? And I was like, oh, wow. And, and like to, to really kind of beat myself down with a, you should have done this, right? You could have done X, Y, and Z. Now I'm working to take should outta my vocabulary and embracing things as, you know, a learning opportunity. And I also, as a person of deep faith, I talk about grace and we talk about God's grace and we talk about giving other people grace, but I had to learn to give myself that, that grace as well. And like, let go of that, that pressure to feel or strive for perfection because what really is perfection, right? And what is actually the goal? Because there is like the goalpost will move every single time. And how do you just become content with just being, I also realized that I didn't, again in therapy, knowing all the language, I didn't like to sit with my feelings.


Oh, oh no, I'm angry. I don't wanna sit with that uncomfortable feeling. I'm gonna go move on to something else. And then something that black women tend to do is instead of sitting with our, our feelings or, or whatever it may be, we go get another degree. Mm. We go get another professional pursuit. We Was just talking about that in my group chat. Yeah. Probably like a week ago about how like now at this age we begin to realize that the overachieving isn't like us a need to achieve. It's kind of like a escapism type of thing or trauma response. Yeah. Or even you just instantly work even like a breakup. Yes. A breakup inspires a new business or like a, you know, something like that. It Does. And, and you know, those things are beautiful, right? You know, what is birth out of pain can be very beautiful. I talk about that too. But I also talk about when I was in therapy, this conversation black woman therapist And I had, and she wanted me to answer the question of who are you?


And she asked me that question And I said, oh, okay. I'm about to like rattle off my resume. She said, no, who are you unattached to your professional accolades? And You started crying. I Sure did. I was like, that's a Hard question to answer, girl. And we saw like four, five minutes left, so I couldn't really hang up. It was $200. Like, and I'm sitting there looking at her, she looking at me. We both look at each other like, she's like, sis, how you gonna answer that question? And what I found is that the answer is ever evolving. And it was that search for myself, right? And I wanted to drag everybody else with that. So I tweeted that question and it went viral and it's a whole chapter in the book. But you know, I go back to that question of who am I, like when I'm anxious, when I'm feeling like, oh, I gotta strive for something else.


No, I I've done enough. But who am I? I'm curious. I'm a lover. I, I I fight for people. I I love people, right? I'm actually not this person who's Teflon don, who doesn't need intimate relationship in all forms, right? Like, who am I? And let me sit in all of that and that is enough. You're Not in therapy anymore. You said when you were in Therapy, when I was, I, so I, and I'm, And I'm not discouraging people from therapy at all. I think for me right now, in this period of life, I'm just taking a break. And I think mental health care is extremely important. Again, I mentioned I was diagnosed with OCD when I was 15 years old. So I've been in and out over half of my life, majority of my life at this point. And there are times when I need extra support.


There are times when I need an antidepressant. There are times when I actually do need to sit on that couch every single week. And then there are times when, okay, I am going through the same motions again now when I, when am I going to do the work? And so I, I, I think people need to look at it as a support system. It's like working out in a gym. Sometimes I feel like I need a trainer, even though I've been athletic my whole life, right? Sometimes I need a trainer, sometimes I can do it on my own and vice versa. And so it's a matter of tapping into your power and your needs at the, at the time that, that, that makes sense for you. You feel Like, I'm so glad that you and Deb were doing a conversation this week. Y'all doing, having a conversation. How many books this week? Or, or me We're Going to do it at some point. It's not public yet, but it's, I'm sorry. Because literally she was just here and a lot of that is same things.


Yeah. Her new book, living and Wisdom, She's in there. Yeah. Oh, well and you know, here's the thing, I, I shared with her too. I'm based in the DC area And I moved back to the DC area, not for politics, but to be close to my family. And it's so interesting because friends in politics are like, you not at this event. I was like, nah, I'm hanging out with my family and my friends and my loved ones. But I said to Debbie one time that, that area needs so much healing so that folks get off of this hamster wheel of chasing what's next of what's, what is deemed, you know, important to society and really getting into ourselves. And you know, I'm, I'm actually excited for her book too. I feel like all these books are like, now all these black women's stories are coming out to like build upon one another.


Well, You need them now more than ever. Especially being that, you know, they're trying to take anything black history related outta of schools. Literally, yeah. Than universities. Literally there's a chapter in the book and the, so it's in three parts. Disruption of self, Disruption of vision. That's the hard part. Disruption of vision and you know, especially for like black folks and black women. The first chapter, disruption of vision, goodbye to the boss via TCH. Yep. That's a good one because it talks about rest, it talks about disrupting this notion that we are only supposed to labor and give birth to labor. Like there is so much more to us as black women and how we deserve the rest and all those things. And then disruption of community. And right now we need to radically change how we think about community and build community.


But it really starts with that imperative healing. And in disruption of community, there's a chapter of storytelling And I think folks look at storytelling. They think of Ava DuVernay and Ryan Kler who are doing amazing work and preserving our history through artistic expression. But individual storytelling is extremely powerful. And, and, and I've seen it even in my own life, but I've seen how individual short storytelling shifts families and friendships and then that expands your capacity for understanding of one another. And then so one person becomes 10 people and then all of a sudden you're understanding a complicated issue in a way that's very personal to you. Right. And so storytelling is an, if it wasn't so powerful, there wouldn't be all these attacks.


That's right. On our institutions and our history. And I actually think everybody, whether or not you're putting a book out there or not figure out a way to preserve your story, I was in Mobile, Alabama. I went to the, I believe the Heritage Museum where the Ilda is and or the remnants of that slave ship and just going through the, the, it's a very small museum, but just going through it and they're talking about how Zora Neal Hurston had captured some oral history. And I'm just thinking about wow, so powerful for her to capture that in the 1920s for us to be reading about it right now. And if we think about so much history as just passed down through these oral traditions, what would happen if we can literally preserve them in a written way, digital way.


Like we have so many opportunities to preserve our history to pass down to the next generations. I was gonna ask, you talked about when you came in, you talk about relationships and you talk about friends and how you had to see things in yourself. Was it the fact that you expected too much of people, I think And how did, and how did you get over that? Yeah. Like, you know, 'cause you talk about you wanted somebody to do things the way that you did it or quote unquote as close to perfect as possible. How did you get over that with relationships and with coworkers? Well, again, facing the mirror of myself, I was like, girl, you don't like yourself every day.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today, Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Yo ki Up is it's Your Boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic, epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before from producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go. Let's go. Go.


This is Courtside with Laura Corte, the podcast that's changing the game and breaking down the business of women's sports like never before. I'm Laura, the founder and CEO of deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Your inside source on the biggest deals, power moves and game changers. Writing the playbook on all things women's sports. From the heavy hitters in the front office to the powerhouse women On the pitch, we're talking to commissioners, team owners, influential athletes, and the investors betting big on women's sports. We'll break down the numbers, get under the hood and go deep on what's next. Women's sports are the moment, so if you're not paying attention, you are already behind. Join me Courtside for a front row seat into the making of the business of women's Sports. Courtside with Laura Corti is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Courtside with Laura Corti starting April 3rd on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


And you also disappoint yourself every day. And so how are you, you know, holding yourself to this impossible standard, but also holding all these other people to that, you know, those impossible standards as well. And so I got to this place of separating standards and expectations of people and myself. I have high standards, but I've like lowered my expectations of people. And in essence, not like we will disappoint one another. We will get in partnership, whatever it may be. And we're not going to, to your point, do things the same way that I would do them. I thought about this when I started, so I'm an entrepreneur and hiring people, I'm like, okay, Lencia, does the thing need to get done the same way you would do it or does just need to get done?


And sometimes it just needs to get done. And then I think about as I've been really on this journey of looking at, again, all relationships in my life and friendships especially, you know, we talk about love languages with intimate relationships, but sometimes we don't talk. Think about that and how that, you know, what that means for our, our, our friendships. We are always talking about, you know, how people, how our partner intimate partners should love us or show up for us and teaching them our love language, but the same with our friendships, right? Because a friend can be supporting you and the way that they feel is like big support and you're thinking, oh no, I wanted you to like roll out the red carpet over here. And they're like, why cooked you a meal meal? And we're like, we're missing each other, right?


And so I had to really, I hate that though. What do you mean? Because, because like, don't tell me how to show up for you If I I, that's right, I did, I did me like, you know what Emini here, right? And I, I I, they say this a thought that counts, right? But then it's not Right. Well, yeah, I, but I think it also requires communication, right? One of the things that I realized was a red flag of me is running from difficult conversation and when it comes to interpersonal relationships, but if you have that conversation with one another, if you can quiet out the noise and actually be present in the relationship, you'll realize, oh, your love language is different than my love language. But that doesn't mean we don't love each other. That doesn't mean we don't care for each other. And also, you may not have the capacity to show up for me in this moment.


And it has nothing to do with you not wanting to be there. Right? You got all these other things going on. The amount of calls I've had to make now the book has come out and it's been out and we went through the book tour And I'm like, oh yeah, my bad friend of really not being there for like six, seven months. But thank you for being my friend and showing up in the ways that you could and understanding that I didn't have the capacity. But it takes intentional communication and it takes something that, I don't know if you struggle with this, but as a vir I struggle with this being really, really, really vulnerable about what you need. And I used to struggle with it. I don't struggle with it anymore. Same. Yeah. I'm vulnerable so much, I don't even, it doesn't even bother me. Yeah. The the, the big problem I had was is people showing up for you. That was my thing. And what Charlamagne said, I would show up for everybody, but then when it was time for people to show up for me, a lot of times they didn't.


And it would, it would bother the shit outta me. Yeah. And then I had to realize that everybody's not the same. That's right. Just because you do something a certain way, that doesn't mean necessarily Charlemagne's gonna do it or Lauren's gonna do it the same way. And once I let that go And I really don't, it just doesn't affect me the same anymore. No, and that's beautiful. And it reminds me of, I'm a delta at Pledge in College and my line name is Reciprocity and my, are You supposed to say that publicly? Yeah, you can say that line name and stuff. Yeah. So I'm like this close, but go To college. Talk about, are you supposed to say that? Yeah. They're so secretive about everything else Now. We are, we are. Trust me, we trained to know what secret, what's not. But, so my line name's Reciprocity and my big sister who gave me that line name, she knew I was like, Reciprocity, like the word outta that Lauryn Hill song.


Right? Like, what are you talking about? And she's like, no, you give, give, give so much and you expect for people to show up the same way that you do. And she's like, that is a struggle of yours and it's going to continue to be a struggle of yours. And she was right. It's this thing that we're talking about. And again, it wasn't until later in life, this point in life that I'm in right now to like remove kind of those expectations of people and just like, let us exist and love one another. Because I, I've even found too, there's a chapter in here called the Trailblazer conundrum. It talks about not isolating yourself even though you're blazing trails. There are so many people in our lives who want to show up for us, who don't even know how to, they may not have the, I don't know, the, the business acumen to help us with something, the money, the resources, but in their small ways.


It's actually really important. And so giving people the opportunity to show up for you in the way that makes sense for them is very powerful too. You know, I I I wanna talk to you about the urgency of now chapter and the disruption of community. 'cause that is what people always get mad about when it comes to Democrats. Their, their lack of urgency. Yeah. They don't have a sense of urgency. I would, I would go so far as to say their lack of urgency is what has us in this situation right now. I I would agree with that. So I I would agree with that. Why? Why don't they have no sense of Urgency? Yeah. Well I would agree with that. And the decision makers and the power, because I don't wanna erase some people that I talk about in the book and who wrote a beautiful endorsement for the book.


Congresswoman Ayanna Presley love I, someone who was like, I'm bucking the system and I'm gonna challenge this. Absolutely incumbent. And there are a lot of those Emini here. You've, you've seen a OC you've seen, there's so many folks, there are state representatives who do that as well. This whole notion of decorum and order, it has, it is the reason we are where we are. And this is the time to be honest for the new wave and the new thought that is coming in the party. That, and some of which is in the party to challenge the status quo. But how do we know it's not too late? Well, you're already talking about doing a third term. I, I, I, you know what I'm Saying? Once we get to that part of the conversation and it's normalized maybe too late.


So if it's, but if it's, if we have that mentality that's too late, then people are gonna be sitting there not doing anything at all. That's true. Is it too late? Is it that it's too late? Or is it just not loud enough? Because all the people you named, it's like, you can point to those people. But like there, it's like, that's a handful of people. It's a handful of people. But there are also so Emini here, here's the thing. You all are media. You know, I'm on cable news. I will be on a show and for an hour, all we're doing is talking about Donald Trump. And I'm like, there's over 400 members in the House of Representatives. There's a hundred senators, there's 50 governors, there's so many other people that we can talk about, which is fine. They don't Bring them numbers, ratings, They, they don't bring those numbers and they don't bring those ratings. And that is the self-accountability on us to be paying attention to, to a lot of those people.


The other thing that I'm so much more focused on, on, and some of my journalist friends And I get into this disagreement, I don't really talk to people who voted for Donald Trump. Like that's not, I don't need to talk to them. Because if we look at the last election, 90 million eligible voters did not vote. That's a whole lot of people that we can reach to understand that they actually have power to change the system. In the book, I talk about the labor movement and how unions are incredibly power, incredibly powerful. That is a way that we can overthrow these companies that are run by these billionaires who are out of touch. The people power. And that's the thing that I'm focused on right now. It's the people power. And I, we've conceded our power to these people that we've elected not realizing that I pay taxes.


That means I pay your salary and you work for me. Hmm. If, if people power wasn't so imperative, why did all these elected officials shut down those town halls? 'cause they didn't wanna hear from their constituents because those loud voices are disruptive. And so, look, the Democrats got a lot to reckon with it. It, it's the reason why I, I work for myself so I can actually challenge them on from the outside because I, I, I think it is, it is extremely, it's not just that it's too late, but it is harmful to communities who are dying because of what is happening that's harmful to communities who have been fighting against these systems. And, and yet at the same time, they are the ones that folks constantly look to, to create the solutions.


And so until the Democratic party, I I just as much as we understand that, you know, Republicans subscribe to white supremacy in the Democratic party, there are folks that need to understand that their positions are privilege, that they need to get up out of their seats. A real leader understands when they are in the way of progress. And I think until we really reckon with that, we're gonna continue to see this fighting and we will continue to lose in ways that quite frankly are killing so many of our communities. And I think you should talk to people who voted for Trump. And the reason I think you should is because then you'll understand the why. And I think that's where Democrats just simply failed. That's right. Yes. They didn't know they, they, they couldn't understand the why.


It's like, oh, you, how could you vote for the, did you actually have a conversation with them to see how, 'cause a lot of it does just have to do with a lot of policies that they just integrate That that's true. And let me, I, let me clarify that there's a, there are a lot of people with privilege and, and understanding exactly why they voted for Donald Trump, which is centered around race that I do not like to engage with. But to your point, if I think about where I grew up, if I think about people who I may not talk to anymore, but high school, college, whatever it may be, be they probably did vote for Donald Trump for whatever reason it may be. And so what is the conversation? Is it the economy? But then continuing to ask all those questions. Yeah. Is it because you believe this trope that other people are taking your jobs?


But the reality is it's these billionaires not paying you a fair wage. Like what is it? I think it is important, but my, my, my frustration is what happens every cycle of, well, we need to moderate, Democrats need to moderate our positions and placate to these phantom swing voters that are going to vote for a black woman. When that's actually, again, back to my 90 million, we're over here trying to get these few hundred thousand, but there's all of these people left untouched. Right. Flip the book over. Alycia. I'm flipping the Book. I just flip the table over. I'm flipping my book over. So Yes, yes. And thank you for clarifying that. So I could expound upon that. 'cause I don't wanna go viral. And it's like she don't talk to the people and she don't know Trump voted.


What, what about your, 'cause I know you did a lot of work with Planned Parenthood and now a lot of what you were doing is, is they're, they ain't supporting that. Yeah. So when you do all this work, you stop taking the rest to, to fight, to make, to break this ground. And then you see this new administration come in who's completely against it and it's stripping all of that. You feel defeated or like what happens now? Because yeah, you're not there Anymore. No Emini here. And then they have the audacity to talk about they want to put policies in place for people to have more babies and give people $5,000. I'm like, but y'all voted against a child tax credit. So what's interesting about working at Planned Parenthood, I worked there for six years at the national office and talk about disruptive being the daughter of a pastor lover of Jesus and advocating for abortion rights.


People are like, how do you reconcile that? I was like, I I, I just exist. Literally. I just exist. And the teachings of Jesus, the red text in the Bible tells me a lot of ways in which I should show up in The World. When I look at, when I was working at Planned Parenthood, president Obama was still in office. And I was like, oh, we good. You know, he believes in reproductive freedom. This is great. And they're like, oh no, let's look at these state policies and these states that are overturning the right to access to abortion and not only access to abortion, but sex education, contraception, all of these things. And just gutting healthcare systems and, and health centers that are helping people who have nowhere else to go. When I look at what's happening now at the federal level, and you know, the Trump administration is literally going after organizations like Planned Parenthood, it reminds me that these people do not care about people at the margins.


They do not care about low income folks who have nowhere else to go. And if you actually wanted people to have more children in this country, you would up, you would actually support and bolster the healthcare system instead of gutting it. We last week was black maternal health week and black maternal mortality is on the rise. Maternal mortality across the country, across the demographics is on the rise in the wealthiest nation. And so it's challenging, it's frustrating. There's this Alice Walker quote I put at the beginning of the book, and I'm paraphrasing it. You have to keep a healthy soul in the face of constant oppression, which reminds you that at the end of the day, there's going to continuously be something that you're fighting for. So how do you maintain your spirit in order to keep going?


And that is through the joy and the rest and all of those things can coexist together while you're also still fighting for the ability to have agency over my body. The one thing I will say of everything being burned down from abortion access to everything that's happening in our country, it gives us the opportunity to build something better and something new. I don't wanna rebuild the old because the old was clearly it was able to be dismantled. I actually now wanna be able to imagine something even better that's actually going to work. And how do we build that? And that's actually what gets me up at night. I'm like, I'm not fighting these people to rebuild what didn't work. I have this vision that excites me to build something even better, even on the days that are hard.


I agree with that. But then when I hear you say that, you know, you, you, Barack Obama was in the White House and you big on playing parenthood. He had the opportunity to quote by Roe v Wade. He did. He did. He had the, he had the, the, the White House, the Senate, the House of Representatives for two years. He could've passed it in the federal law. Any campaign that he would I, so it was Just like, it was like, I see stuff like that and I'm like, why do we believe these people again? Well, I, so I, I hear that I, which is also why I think the work to shift culture is so imperative. If we think about President Biden, he actually is very, I would say moderate in his position around reproductive freedom. And yet he had to champion issues that quite frankly, of culturally and socie and as us as a collective, we're not pushing and challenging people to actually do something about these he wouldn't have.


Right. And so that's where culture work is so important. That's where shifting, you know, how we think as a, how we understand things as a, as a society is so important. But it's also how we show up and tell people, if you're not going to hold true to your campaign promise, we are not going to support you again. And so I I I love President Obama. Listen, if Donald Trump runs for a third term, Obama should run for a third term. But Alycia, if you know, you know that if Trump runs for a third term, it'll be just like in Russia, it's all for show the fight's for show he Will win. Sure. I I, right? Yes. I'm saying this and that. Listen, I love President Obama, and yet I have critique and that is one of my critiques, right? And when we had this super majority and could have codified a lot of these issues, we should have done it.


But, but that doesn't make me not participate. Right. And that doesn't make me sit out and say, I'm never gonna work for a presidential candidate ever again, even if I disagree with them. 'cause there's a lot of, I I don't agree with a hundred percent of the things that any of the people that I work with are. But there's some fundamental things that for me that are non-negotiable. And if I'm not at the table, if our friend Stephanie's at the table, if you've had Ashley Allison here, we're not at the table. We can't push these, can these candidates further along and these elected officials further along? Is It, i i I guess it's just heartbreaking for me. 'cause it's like, you know, yes, when they overturn Roe v Wade, it was like, then they overturned Roe v. Wade. But then when you see people like President Obama speak out against that, I'm like, but you had the ability to codify Roe v.


Wade. You could have made it actual federal legislation. What You Yeah. Emini here. The hard part about the the abortion conversation is how the right has actually used religion has made it a religious argument when like, that's actually not in the text. And the reality is the right and conservatives were losing on, they lost on segregation. And so they said, oh, we need some, well, we can't continue with this race thing now we're gonna have to go over here to this woman thing and let's actually make abortion a political lightning rod. And so when people fundamentally understand that they can take away their personal beliefs and actually realize, oh, people's right to make decisions for their bodies is their own.


And that has nothing to do with me. If a lot of people stayed outta each other's business, I think our politics would be a lot better. But absolutely. And, and you Know, that's too simple. Even, You know, I'm going back to the urgency. And now when people ask us now they like, they'll tell us all of these different things that Trump is doing every single day. And they're like, yo, what are, what do you think of that? And I'm like, I don't know what to think. 'cause I'm like, what am I even supposed to do? Yeah. Because it always seems like the urgency is put on we the people. Right. But then when these elected officials that we voted for from 2020 to 2024 when they were in the White House, they didn't govern with a sense of urgency. And that's what always gets me about Democrats. Whenever it's election time, it's a sense of urgency. It's on y'all. It's a threat to democracy. And you know, you, you're gonna lose all your rights and everything else, but you don't govern like that when you get in office.


Yeah. You know, it, it is frustrating. I will say I don't pay attention to what that man is doing all day, every day because then I'll just sit in this place where I'm iMobile. Right. But I do look for, for small pockets of hope. And to your point, it, it does end up being us that have to save our own communities. But like, I think that's in general in nature of who we are as a people. And that is community Emini. Here look at, you know, our friends who started State of the People which I was a part of, you all broadcasted and now it's going, now there's a whole tour. So Angela, I shout out to Angela r and Joy Reid and so many folks who are, are just building something beautiful, reminding us of our power as community.


And I think out of that births, people who will govern with urgency of now. So I write about Ayanna Presley in the book, but I also write about Shirley Chisholm who was just fed up and was like, oh, I'm going to actually be the one that changes. You know, David Hogg, who was the vice chair of the DNC but was a survivor of Parkley and shooting, had done all of this activism and now he's challenging. He's getting a lot of heat. That man is absolutely, he's getting A lot of Heat. I have said that, I said that two months ago, anybody who's not willing to fight in the Democratic Party should be primary Hakeem Jeffries, Chuck Schumer.


Y'all should resign if y'all not the people that can meet this moment. I really feel that way. And anybody else in the Democratic Party who's not willing to fight should be primary. I'm all for what David Hogg is doing. I said that months ago And, and listen, you know, there are some people who disagree with it, but he said, listen, change has to, we can't just keep talking about change. That's right. You gotta actually go after it. And whether or not you believe and what he's doing, whether or not you believe that there needs to be new leadership, whatever it is, like change isn't gonna just happen. If we sit around and wish for it, we actually have to do something about it. And sometimes in order to get these folks to operate with some urgency, you gotta put some pressure and some heat under them. That's why everybody in the party should have had a copy of this book. Flip your flip the table.


Absolute a long nominal. I don't know if the Earth did, if it's, if they gonna do it though, they Have no choice now. They never, they don't have, we never don't have, when do we ever have A choice? No, there's really no choice now. I feel like it's always fight or flight. Like do what you gotta do to get outta the situation. For us it's different. I could be wrong. I hear you. But it, I feel like it is different, but I don't feel like anything has changed about the way that people are handling it. I don't really feel the sense of urgency. There was an interview that you talked about, DEI, you're like, these companies are folding, it was a glamor magazine and you said these companies are folding, they don't understand that the proximity to the president isn't power, power is showing him that he needs you. People are not gonna do that. Everything that we're talking about, people just don't do it. You know?


But I, I think what I hear you and I do have to remind us, Saul, that this man has only, he hasn't even been in office a hundred days, Lord have mercy. But because we are in such a information overload, it seems like forever it does. It's like you open Instagram And I'm seeing restaurants I wanna go to, and then I'm seeing what this man is doing in the White House. That's right. Right. So like we're in this information overload and yet, and at the same time I think about at the State of the Union, shout out to Congressman Green and And y'all had him up here. Yeah. And I was like, oh my gosh, every single Democrat should have gotten up right after him. He said that to him. Absolutely. And disrupted the entire speech. Right. And then when you know Senator Booker did his filibuster, people were saying, yes, this is what we need more of.


And now you're seeing more people in the streets. And I think people are, are, are some of our elected officials are understanding that there's more that they can do now and then there are still going to be some who don't. And we have midterm elections and special elections And I am all about getting people in office who are going to be effective and also us participating in that if you, whether you agree with them or disagree with them, if they represent you, you have the power and the right to show up and tell them what is working and what isn't working. And I want more of us to do, I want our elected officials to be scared. I want our elected officials to be like, my constituents aren't going for this, or my constituents told me I have to do this and that's why I'm doing it.


Absolutely. Well Flip the Tables is out right now. Valencia Johnson, the everyday disruptors guide to finding courage in Making Change. And this isn't a book, you know, just for people politics who are in the politics just in life. If you wanna learn how to flip some damn tables like Jesus did. Yes. More of that. Yeah. Like can you imagine like Jesus flipping over tables? I, I He was angry. Yes. I think you should, I think you should find a table to Flip. Listen, okay. We, that's a whole nother conversation for us to have that Jesus Wine. No, this He turned liquid. Liquid. Johnson Johnson. This, this is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


I'm Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arriva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family, who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen To Asta Waho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey Kids. It's me, Kevin Smith, and It's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless with me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes, sir. Last year, a lot of the problems of the drug war this year, a lot of the biggest names in music and sports. It is kind of star studded a little bit. Man. We met them at their homes. We met them at their recording studios. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen To new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sam Mullins And I've got a new podcast coming out called Go Boy. The gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest places imaginable. Roger Caron was 16 when first convicted has Spent 24 of those years in jail. But when Roger Koran picked up a pen and paper, he went from an excon to a literary darling from Campsite Media and iHeart podcasts. Listen to Go Boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.