
Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. We have Naori Norton and Maurice Mitchell. Welcome. How y'all feeling? Welcome Welcome. to turn Lewis. Don't forget my last name. I Lewis. They didn't put Lewis. I'm sorry. Miss Lewis. Oh yeah, they didn't put my name. They didn't on now. No On that name. Some Respect on my married, some respect On damn name. Well, Lewis Lewis, how y'all feeling? This Energy? Everything good? Oh, everything's Good. Can't complain. Bless. So happy to be here. I know we're less than a week until election day or something, man.


I'm a couple days. Yeah, it's crazy. The Working Families party. Maurice, you're the national director. Yeah, And I. Remember Jill Stein brought y'all up when she was here on The? Breakfast. Club. Was that an accurate Look? Representation? I Get excited when people have our names in their mouths, right? Because generally that means we're doing that work. We're putting in work and the Working Families party for, for those of you that may not know what we do, we're what happens where everyday people come together, people who aren't picked from the political establishment. We come together and we demand a seat at the agenda setting table, right? Because we're talking about elections, but it's really about setting agendas and building agendas. And so when people are looking, they, they say like, well, You know I'm fed up with this party or that party.


We want something else. We're that something else. And. I like to say that we're a non delusional grassroots third party. Break that down. And so what that means is You know we cook what we have in the kitchen, right? So I grew up working class, right? And You know I can't always have money to buy a gourmet meal, but I'll look what we have in the kitchen. I'll make a gourmet meal, right? And so we run people as independent WFP people sometimes when we can, if there's a path to win. Like for example, how many of You know who Tisch James is? Absolutely. Okay. What you may not know is that Attorney General. That's right. She started as a independent Working Families candidate in 2003 and worked her way up to becoming Attorney General.


She was a a lawyer, she was a public defender and a consumer protection lawyer. And the political establishment wanted nothing to do with her. The white establishment, the black establishment, the Democratic party establishment. And we joined forces with her. And historically we defeated the Republicans and Democrats and got her elected as a city council person, right? Not too far from here in Brooklyn. She worked her way all the way up to become Attorney General, which is historic. But what did she do when she had that authority? She used it in order to hold the powerful accountable, right? So everybody talks about the 34 felonies. The 34 felonies holding this man who always had a silver spoon in his mouth, who used his power to make sure that black folks couldn't rent in his homes when he became president.


Often used his powers to enrich him and his friends. He never faced accountability. He finally faced accountability when an independent black woman gave him that work brought to you in part by the Working Families party, right? And so I remember, I'm from New York, I remember in New York when we had a Republican governor, a Republican mayor, Republicans of the state Senate. It was through the Working Families party. People talk about down ballot races, right? Actually focusing on down ballot races so that in city council and in state legislatures, we moved the, the establishment closer to the people so we could deliver on a $15 minimum wage. Now that's the floor. You hear, you hear a lot of Democrats talking about a $15 minimum wage.


They weren't talking about that until we created the conditions to make that the floor. So we're the folks who are always gonna focus on the issues of everyday working people. And, and look, there's a lot of people talking about third party approaches. I'll just end with this. There is an approach that believes that every four years you could run at the top of the ticket, a third party candidate for president, and then somehow that will create the conditions in order for people to be able to get a little bit more freedom. However, what we've seen is like, look, 1992, what was that? That was when a billionaire Ross Perot put all of his money down. That's right. Right? So he had all of the money in The World and he couldn't break 20%. He got 18.9% that told us as the Working Families party that the top down third party approach isn't viable for working people.


But the bottom up approach that's viable. So we started off in New York, we're now in 20 places, we're in 20 states, and we're putting in that work. We endorse close to a thousand down ballot candidates, right? So President And I know we're gonna talk about a lot of this. We're gonna talk about the pushback. Look, people are talking about the president that is really important. But the president doesn't make the laws. Congress makes the laws, city council makes the laws, state legislature makes the laws. And so Working Families, what we do often is when you have, especially Democrats who are corporate Democrats who have either they've forgotten their way or never had their way, and they're more accountable to lobbyists and corporations. Well, we're the force that kicks them out and replaces them with Working Families candidates through primaries.


Right? And we've, we've delivered in terms of like the concrete things that actually matter. So in Philadelphia, right? We, I mean look, I'm sorry we have so many receipts. We have CVS long receipts, right? But it's important that people know this. So in Philadelphia, this is a city where Democrats and Republicans were on city council and we kicked off the two Republicans and replaced them with Working Families party candidates. Kendra Brooks and Nicholas O'Rourke. Why is that important? Kendra is from Nicetown. You could still go to Nicetown. She's right there. She's on city council because of this movement that we built. And when she got on City City Council, it was historic. She was the first non Democrat or Republican to get on city council.


Right? And we were actually with Kendra a few days ago putting in work in North Philly and West Philly. Yep. Right? And the important thing about Kendra Brooks and why governance is so important is that when she was there, we didn't just do a vi victory party because she got there. She organized all the folks in city council. So that during COVID in 2020 when people were sheltering in place and they couldn't draw an income and many people were concerned about getting kicked out on the streets because their landlords wanted rent, she created a eviction diversion program in Philly that was per, that was temporary. Hmm. Fast forward to today, we've made it permanent. And right now there's an affordability crisis. A lot of working people, a lot of people are listening, are struggling to figure out how they stay at home.


In Philadelphia, there's a 41% decrease in evictions because of that policy brought to you by Kendra Brooks and the Working Families party. So the Working Families party is about putting results down for everyday working people. What Got you involved with the Working Families party nato? Well, amen to everything Maurice said. What got me involved is really just my passion for politics. I went to Seton Hall for political science and You know, they reached out to me and my husband too, and was like, look, how can we get involved? And really, it was just a natural, I think organic relationship. I am really You know, big in Jersey, big in my community. And then You know, doing things for the pushback was how we kind of first initially connected.


And the pushback just made me honestly more aware of Project 2025 and how I needed to use my voice. So we went to Philly, we've been canvassing, knocking on doors, going to people, making sure that early voting is happening. So really just getting involved was a natural organic relationship. And I'm glad that Working Families is using the culture You know, because of, I guess You know influence that we have. I wanted to get involved and it's been making, I think making a difference. But Y'all put you for the vp, right? Y don't have a your own candidate. Oh, so it's not, yeah. So yeah, I want to be, I want to be clear, we're an independent third party. And look, we tell the people the truth.


So if we can't find a path So we can decide, Right? So if we can't find a path to victory, right? Because one of the ways to to, to define a party is like parties organiz winning. And one way to evaluate a party is to ask what is your path to victory? And what is your strategy? Right? Those are the questions you should be asking. If we don't see a path to victory, we don't waste our people's time, money, and energy. We could not see a way for us to run a candidate from the WFP at the top of the ticket. Right? So what we did, it is a binary choice. Anybody that's telling you yeah. That on Tuesday, anybody but Donald Trump or Kamala Harris are going to are gonna win that election are either lying to you or they don't know the basics of civics in this country.


Right? So when we saw this binary choice, oh, you just pissed off the Green Party Jillstein. That's the first person I thought of When you said that. No, I mean, look, you're not lying though. My job as a organizer is to tell the truth, right? And this isn't directed at anybody in particular. This is just the truth. Yeah. Right. Between now and election day, it will be a, it is a binary choice. Either the VP or Donald Trump will, will get elected. And the thing that I want to say and how it comes back to the pushback, because the pushback is a project of our sister organization, Working Families Power, it's a public education program. Pun, pun Intended, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pun intended. Right? And it's designed because what, look, I want, I wanna go back to the RNC.


How many people remember the RNC and remember seeing Sister Amber Rose on on stage, right? Of course. Okay. The reason why that concerned me is that I think we could all agree that she was able to establish herself. She was able to feed her family. She was able to become a celebrity through our culture. Right? Could we all agree that that's true? Absolutely. Okay. So I'm a student of history. I know that black culture has always been a force to tell the truth, to speak truth to power has always played that role. And I also know that when folks in our culture have had the ability and had the privilege to rise to the highest levels and been able to establish themselves and have celebrity and have a little money in their pocket that they always established, they kept that relationship between them and the streets.


Everyday working class black and brown people. And so even though you could maybe vote for a candidate that will give you a tax cut and benefit you, 'cause you're in a certain tax bracket, you remember the people that brought you there. Exactly. You remember your aunties and uncles and cousins. That's right. And so there's a account and We can't leave those people behind. Yes. The average American working American, the the real people. And that's also, again, what makes me so passionate about, about the work of Working Families and Maurice and his team You know it just makes sense to reach back, just like you said, You know, I may have made it to a certain point, but I still look at people from East Orange or from certain inner cities, Newark, New Jersey, and make sure that they know we care and we see you.


And that's hopefully what will inspire people to vote for. Whoever you feel like is gonna bring the change that is needed. But we all You know, I know how I feel. And I just as a woman, as a black woman You know, I'm very excited to, to see You know America do what They gotta do. Exactly. And and cinema about Amber Rose. What I was gonna say is like Notori is on code, right? And our artists have never violated code the way that some artists are violating code right now. You think she violated code? Any anybody who came up through our culture benefits from our culture that is now aligned with the extremist billionaire agenda of people who grew up at in racist, white, authoritarian, fascist South Africa, like Elon Musk and Peter Thiel, and then came here as immigrants and Elon Musk as an undocumented immigrant start, was able to basically invest in companies and make all of this wealth in order to advance his agenda.


When you're rocking with them and you're not rocking with an agenda that will put more money in everyday working people's pockets, to me that's a violation of code. So absolutely it. Look, if the shoe fits, we've seen it before, right? We've seen it before in history and, and we need to, I think of Sammy Davis Jr. Richard Nixon at the Republic National Convention, and we need to call it out and we need to reestablish code. And part of that is reestablishing a connection. So it's, it's not simply about an event or anything else. So with with the pushback, the artists are using their platforms, people like Notori, and we've had o other artists in this conversation. Yeah. Great people, You know folks like Killer Mike and Taraji p Henson and Tiana Taylor and Mayo and Fabulous.


And they've All jumped into this Initiative. You know, it's like, it's like the Avengers to dispel misinformation and disinformation. Right? Exactly. Because I have no problem how you vote, as long as you're voting from the standpoint of the facts and the truth. Correct. And you're informed. Right? And there's so much misinformation and disinformation that flat out lies going out. We felt we needed to engage this project, the pushback. But back to your question, I feel like there's three categories of people who are currently violating code and you have 50 Cent on recently, right? Okay. And. I. Remember he said that they, No, I wanna, I wanna say this. Bring that up. No, I wanna bring it up because slide.


No, no. Listen, because look, look, he spilled the tea. They wanted to offer him the bag. $3 million. To his credit, he denied the bag. Right? He denied the bag right. Twice. Right. He's smart. So, right. And so there's three categories, people who have accepted the bag, which means they don't believe any of this. Mm. Right. They're willing to swallow their pride and accept a white supremacist agenda for the bag. Then there's people who actually believe in the agenda and they're taking the bag. Yeah. Yeah. And I. Think the third category to me is the, is the saddest life. You're not even getting the bag and you're so thirsty for their approval that you're willing to use your platform, use your voice in order to advance the billionaire extremist agenda.


The project 2025 agenda. Because like elections are not about, oh, You know the the Orange Crazy Man and what he says and the black lady, right? Elections are about the future. Elections are about agendas, which is why we're so focused on the public education around Project 2025. Because on one side is the Project 2025 agenda. And then there's been been people who said like, well, I don't, I don't believe Donald Trump read Project 2025. Exactly. That's the point of Project 2025. Lemme ask you one question though. Yeah. So what about those artists in North Athletes that came from the same place of our culture, right? That's right. Made a lot of money from our culture in a different tax bracket, but say nothing.


How do you look at those individuals like tho and there's a, like that, that say absolute, positively nothing. Well, is that the same thing as it's Well, is what you figure Amber Rose is Doing? I I believe that neutrality in times of high contradictions and neutrality in times when we need to speak the truth, s supports the status quo. But I, I put folks who are not speaking in a different category. I'm a organizer. And I could relate to that. So there's so much misinformation and disinformation, people actually don't know. So how are you gonna speak if you don't know? It's my job as this is why I'm so happy to be here. It's my job as a organizer to be able to shame You know, speak the truth as my mom says, speak the truth and shame the devil.


Right? So that those artists, and, and also they do, they put a lot of work in, in, in order to intimidate people with platforms to say, shut up and dance. Shut up and sing and just, or just dribble Shut up and and shut up and dribble, right? Yeah. Matt Barnes is a part of the conversation. So, so what what I say is, if you are somebody with a platform and you're not speaking because you don't know, it's your job to seek out organizations, seek out trusted messengers, seek out organizations like Working Families party. It's our job to reach out to you so that you could have the information. Now look, there are people who are part of our culture who are black conservatives.


Those are, that's a different category, right? There's always been conservatives in our culture who are part of our culture, and they look at things a little bit differently. But a lot of those folks, a lot of those folks are ch are are looking with their eyes and, and looking at what they're saying and doing. And even though they have conservative leanings are saying, oh, well what happened in Madison Square Guardian? That was the garden. That was a, that was a hate rally. Right? So simply because you might have a leaning in one direction or a different direction, doesn't mean you can't see with your eyes and listen with your ears what these people are saying. I'm just saying, when they say who they are, believe them. Believe them. Believe Them. Word to my Angel. And, and look, if it was months ago, I would feel a little bit different if it was months ago.


But we're within a week until this election, and we're, we're not too, we're, we're taping this from, from New York. We're not too far away from what can only be described as a hate rally that took place, place at Madison Square Garden. Right. This isn't even a hard choice in terms of the contrast. Right? You're, you're, look, they came for everybody. They, they came for Latinos in general. Puerto Ricans is, they came for, they're specifying their hate. Now's crazy. Latinos in general. Let's focus on the Puerto Ricans. Oh, you knew we hate Palestinians, but did You know we hate Palestinian toddlers? Right? This is who they are. They're saying what they will do. They printed their manual, which is why I'm so happy that they, they put it online so you could download project 2025.


Now it's up to us to get 'em information. I'm asking everybody, everybody vote, vote. But your job doesn't just end there. You, because voting is a team sport. So go with other people. If you're able to vote early, vote early. If you can mail in your ballot, mail in your ballot, please. Or on November 5th, go and vote and bring people along. And then I'll also say we have to reach as many people as possible. So You know props story 'cause she was on these streets. Yeah. Right. At early voting locations. Yeah. In Philly. Right. And the lines were crazy. In Philly, people want to be engaged. People want to vote early 'cause they know that there's gonna be some games that will be played.


You know they gonna try to steal the election. They're gonna try to Yeah. And they, we, so we know that there's a lot of that happening. So we have to kind of be proactive and get to those polls early. And I was happy being in Philly just the other day and seeing so many people You know, trying to figure out, first off, why is Tasha there? And I was like, I'm here because it's important to make sure your vote counts. And by them waking up and paying attention, it, it makes them know that they matter and that their voice matters. And one thing that Maurice was saying made me think about even a quote with, I think Dr. King said, You know a threat to injustice anywhere is a threat to justice. Everywhere. Everywhere. Everywhere. Absolutely. So when you spoke about people who are neutral, You know, even though everyone doesn't have to You know, have the same point of view.


But if you are You know complacent to injustice, how are you promoting justice? Hmm. So that quietness or that neutrality might You know, I guess fuel the fire for those who don't wanna see justice, who don't want equality, who don't want women to have rights over their bodies. Who don't want You know working people to be able to make a, a living wage. People who don't want that, you're almost, your neutrality is almost saying It's okay. Oh, go ahead. Workwise though. 'cause I, I know a lot of celebrities, even if they're going to go vote, they stay quiet because they don't wanna mess up roles or have certain audiences not come out and see 'em or whatever.


Have you seen things pull back from you because you're not quiet and you're very upfront and it's a very strong message that you guys are pushing has work-wise, has anything changed or you lost opportunities because of that? Mm, not, no. Not, not really. Not, not in this time in my life. I haven't experienced that. If anything, I think people look at me or even the show that I was a part of and the work that I've done, I've always been a risk taker, to be honest. I mean, playing Lil Kim, hello, but And I think from the beginning of my career, even post three LW You know Lil Kim Power. I, I don't think I'm afraid of what people might say or think. I'm more, I think, interested in the legacy that I'll leave behind.


Mm. I'm more interested in how people will then be inspired by me taking a stand. I'm more interested in how, when I'm gone, what did I leave behind? So I think You know, obviously Hollywood and there's always politics and we do have to play the game. We all know that. But I think that people may even look to me to be that voice that they, they may not have that microphone. So as I do, I think You know. That's what I'm more empowered by. So fortunately I'm able to work. Fortunately You know I can feed my family, but at the same time, I get to be who I truly am. Did You want to be in politics? Is that why you made you Political science? I did. I did. I, I thought about actually You know after being in the music business, I was kind of done with that for a while.


And I wanted to be a lawyer. And then I thought about You know as a political science major at Seton Hall University. I thought about pursuing a career in politics or lawmaking. I I really wish that I could change policy, policy as a, as a young person. I remember thinking post three LWI was 18 years old, freshly out of the group, went to school. And I was like, if only there were policies to protect young artists. That's really what it was about for me. Yeah. And political science was an avenue that I knew if I continued And I actually was offered an internship at Capitol Hill. I actually used to sing for all the politicians in Jersey, the mayor.


So You know Sharp James and Newark. And everyone really knew me. So for me, politicians and politics was somewhat You know, had a synergy in my life, You know. What's the one thing that you would change? You said You know do this to change things for artists. What, what's the one thing that you would change for those artists that you just was like, it's just not right? I think now some of that is changing. Back then I wanted artists to have more autonomy, more power, more ownership. I think now one thing I would change more so as an actress or in Hollywood, is ability to create our own projects without relying on other people's money. Hmm. If we could get funding or if there was like an organization that specifically focused, I mean there are, but specifically gave funding and opportunities to black people and black filmmakers.


And there are a handful. But if we had a, a larger, like one Central hub. Central hub, I would change this idea of needing approval, but also not being able to create, not having ownership. So if we could make our work like an artist who sings, I was a recording artist and now I'm an actress. But if we could have more ownership and actual control over the narrative, because the stories are often told from another point of view, and you just are plugged into it, You know for the poster. But if we actually were behind the scenes and doing more in that category, I think that would make us way more powerful. That's, that's more important now than ever before. Especially Absolutely. With what you see they're doing in schools where they don't even want teach you real history.


That's the, we gonna tell our stories if we don't. Right. Well that's actually part of what me, Maurice, were just talking about, right? Project 2025 is taking away You know, what is it? The woke agenda. That's right's. Right. And they're afraid of teaching that, which is crazy to me. 'cause IIII think about my daughter's seven years old, she's in second grade, and some of these things will affect her trajectory as a student in this You know in this life. So I'm like, wait a minute, no, now it's on me. Yeah. As a parent. But it also should be a sense of accountability in our schools and our systems to make sure that they can't eliminate true American history. It's not just black history. This is American history. We built this country, we did a lot of the work on the backs of slaves and slavery.


So let's not eradicate that and make it as if it didn't happen. That was one of the things we just said. That's right. And and the thing about the way that that connects to project 20, 20 25, especially with artists, and it's, this is a big manual. It's more than 900 pages. So they're coming for everybody. They're coming for artists. Crazy. They, they have a very creepy agenda. So you don't get into page five before they're talking about outlawing pornography and putting pornographers in jail and prison. But I wanna explain what that would actually do if you're an artist, right? So the line between art and pornography, that is subjective, right? So what they want in terms of having artists have control and more power, they wanna eliminate that.


So from people who currently are making money on OnlyFans to people who are content creators, to, when you talk about edgy art, we're often talking about our art as black and brown folks, hip hop, that's often we're pushing the boundaries, right? And so they'll be in a position to say, Hey, that video, she's not, we listen to, they're already listening to our lyrics and we're getting caught up because our lyrics, they'll have more authority to do that and not just prevent it from happening. And, but also putting people behind bars. They say they wanna put educators and librarians behind bars. That's right. It's crazy off of this trying to eliminate the woke agenda. And for us in here, we know when they say woke, it's now become code for the N word.


It's a way for them to be able to say what they wanna say in a different way. So when they say they wanna eliminate woke, they wanna eliminate our history. And the reason why they wanna eliminate black history is because it's American history. What happens when white children, black children, Latino children, learn actual American history and, and learn about the oppression of our, of of our history. They wanna fight oppression as adults. And they don't want you to fight oppression because that means you're fighting the, the status quo. These are people with an awful lot of power and money, and they're not comfortable with the power and money they want. They want more. And so it's about them having more power and money and you having less power and money.


That's basically what the agenda is. And if you're, if you're an artist, you should be concerned if you're a a parent, you, you should be concerned if you're a black man. Yeah. You should be concerned. Right? They come For Black men because this is the agenda about making national stop and frisk. They want that to be national, right? So there's no city or state you could avoid the stop and frisk agenda. Right. How many of You know what qualified immunity is? Absolutely. So that's the law that emboldens police officers, so they know that if they shoot or kill us, that they have protection. So they, they won't face any accountability And it's already hard to get them indicted. Or if something happens You know. So imagine with qualified immunity how that will affect so Many.


That's why the George Floyd Police Act didn't Pass E Exactly. Exactly. And there's, there's one, there's one candidate, by the way, who actually was a part of George Floyd policing act. And to, to me, listen, I came through the movement for Black lives. So George Floyd is the poli a policing act to me that is the floor, right? The movement for Black Lives talks about the Breathe act. To me, that's the ceiling, right? So there's, there's one candidate that's talking about how do we get that passed? There's another candidate that's talking about day one. I wanna execute quote unquote drug dealers or who are the drug dealers? Like if we have an honest conversation in our society, when our society thinks about drug dealers, who comes to mind? The pharmaceutical company.


Hey everyone, it's Jay Shetty. And I. Am so excited to let You know that my latest podcast interview is with the one and only Tom Hanks. Tom rarely does long form interviews. So I was so grateful to have the time to dive deep into family mental health and the mindset behind his long successful career. Dude, I travel light, And I can travel light emotionally. I'm like, I'm done. There's stuff that I cannot control. I have left many of wonderful atmosphere or a loving atmosphere or a friendly atmosphere. And like Ernie Banks, the You know the ball player for the Chicago Cubs without ever looking back, without thinking, oh, things were really wonderful back then. I wish I was back there, Jay, I don't think I've ever thought that. Listen to on Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't want to miss this one.


Right? They're not no, they're not, they're not talking about Thank you. What They think about Lauren Brown people. That's the real, Are they talking about the Sackler family? Who are the greatest drug dealers? Oh, in the history of this country, right. Or are they talking about somebody else? Are they talking about black and brown people? Right? So when they say these things, we Go to prison, We must believe them. Huh? Do you think that enough is, well first of all, y'all on the ground. Y'all been on the ground. Yep. What do you think is gonna happen Tuesday? So I don't make predictions, right? But what I feel, do you feel how Excited I I'm excited. I feel inspired, excited and hopeful. Mm.


That's what I feel. I'm Feeling that. Yeah. I can't listen when I'm so like we, we do things online, but we're also outside. Right? And so when I leave here, I'm gonna be in Phoenix. I'm gonna be in Milwaukee, I'll be back in Philly and we're with the people. And so I get nothing but excitement and joy from being with the people. Because if you're scrolling online and you're getting caught up in that misinformation and disinformation, part of that is to make you feel cynical. Yes. I I like to say that cynicism is a political project of the far right and the status quo. Mm. Because you'll just be like, ah, man, we can't do nothing yo, like it Doesn't matter anyway. Yeah. I might as well just not vote. Exactly.


But when you're actually outside and you knock on some doors, by the way, I want encourage people. Yeah. Right. Don't just vote. There's still an opportunity. And if, if I may, I'd like to shout out some opportunities for folks to be able to knock on doors. So if you're listening to this text, the word power, pun intended, text the word power to 3 0 4 0 3. If you text the word power to 3 0 4, 0 3, wherever you are, you could volunteer to knock on doors to have conversations with your neighbors, to do phone banks to even text. Why? Because in the final days, it's not about what the politicians say. It's not about You know. I'm sure you're getting a lot of TV ads and digital ads and all that stuff. It's about what everyday people say to their, their neighbors.


And you're an everyday person. They want you to believe the lie that you have no power when you're on these streets and you're seeing these long lines. Yep. And look, remember we saw that elder? Yeah. Do you remember that elder? Yeah. The right. And she had, she had came And she was on the line and she said that she'd been waiting, I think like, I mean months. She said they were supposed to send her ballot. You know in Philly, she kept applying and she sent it in. She called, it was a lot of things that just weren't coming and it didn't come in the mail. So she said, I knew I had to come on down here and get here for early voting. And You know she was an elderly woman. And so we made arrangement You know to try to get her in where she didn't have to wait on that line. But I was thinking to myself, my gosh, imagine some people don't have the ability, the access, the patients.


My mom was telling me the Strength she went to, they changed the voting locations. A lot of people in our neighborhood, they don't have like, they can't just get in a car and drive somewhere. They on public transportation. Yeah. Yes. So she was saying that like, they were trying to figure out like just our neighbors convenient, how to like everybody get together and go to this new location. But they never sent out the new location in the mail. So a lot of people don't even know you just go last minute, go vote, and that's not your Location. And they keep saying they're gonna send it and that's exactly What she, and it didn't come. Wow. So you guys use power as the push button And how many times when you out with the people, they like, oh my god, Tasha, oh my gosh. All the time. Does that help you Asha? You not Eligible to vote, you're a felon. I, But that's something should do in some states You know what I'm Saying? I know, actually, yes. Because We have figured out a way to, in New York, former inmates can vote.


But it's so funny 'cause yes, we were out just the other day and people I think do feel like a little confused, shocked, excited. Because seeing you was just like, when you walked in, I was like, oh, look at Tasha. It's just hard to not, it's so funny because I'm disconnect you from I know. And I'm always like, well my name is Naturi. And they're like, yeah, yeah, yeah. But Tasha, but Naturi Tasha, I'm gonna just put that in my middle name from now on because I, but the beauty of that is that when you're a part of something, it's just like the wire you in our house, You know. And you look back at shows or even the Sopranos or certain things when Power has You know I've been in the show for 10 years and I'm still alive. I think I'm outta witness protection now. Actually That was The Finale as A question.


Okay. Yeah. But, but what I will say is that it does give a platform and also people to You know, just kind of wake up their senses a little bit and say, okay, this matters in this part of the culture, then it should matter to me. Right. And it breaks the cynicism. Right. Because there's so many messages. You don't matter. Nobody cares exactly. When somebody, that's not true. Somebody as iconic as, as Tasha is actually in your neighborhood impressing why you, why you matter enough to vote, why your vote matters in Philly or in in Wisconsin, in in Milwaukee or any of these other places, it kind of breaks the lie of cynicism. So you get have a real conversation about the issues. And also, when I say And I, I, I also want to make sure people know me too.


You know when, when you are a character, you want them to know in your real life, this matters. So I'm naturing. I always see You know, of course we play it is Tasha, but I'm Naturing. That's right. And Naturi Cares. And Naturi was a straight A student. And Naturi went to school for political science. And Naturi has a family. I'm a mother. Yeah. And I also You know had a pregnancy where I struggled with the, the thoughts of, of having an abortion. In all honesty, And I know what, what so many women are dealing with and not being, not You know, not wanting to feel judged. That's right. And, I think that's a real thing. That's Because I'm old to talk about, I was born in 1,978. I don't Like Tasha. The character Tasha's not bigger than the to, to me. Thank you. That's Right. You know what I'm saying?


For those of Us, different level, It depends on who you talking To. But Atory so long I gonna say You have, I feel like Kim Seen me since I was a Teenager. Have power. Yeah. Because Y'all are grown, grown You know for these youngins, they, they late. Yeah. But I appreciate you saying that because that's also why I do the work that I do. 'cause it's not just about one avenue. Power is one thing. Yeah. But I'm a I'm gonna do more things. I'm directing, I'm producing. That's right. You know, I'm, I'm growing as an an artist, but as really, I think as a person, And, I. Think my womanhood, my motherhood, my wife. Yes. Has I allowed me to tap into these different areas in a way is natural because I don't want other women, other mothers and other wives to feel that their voices aren't heard.


So I'm stepping in as naturi first. Yeah. I have two questions for you. Okay. You said, and you don't have to talk about this if you're not comfortable, but you, you just said that you struggled with the thoughts of abortion. Yes. Why? Like, what, what Would you Well, no, I just, I wasn't sure that I wanted to have my first child. I never really talked about this, but essentially, I, I think that when I was shooting power, I became pregnant. It was an unexpected pregnancy. And, I'm super blessed. My daughter Zuri is amazing. And, I'm so glad she's here. But in all honesty, I, I wrote and directed my first short film. It's called 3, 2 3. And it's about somewhat an experience that I had and also the mental anguish of making that choice.


Mm. And I wanted to use film as a way to give women and people, and there's men You know I have Burgundy Baker who stars in it from the shy, John, Clarence Stewart, Vanessa Bell, Callaway. And this film 3, 2, 3 just gives us a chance to look at the issue of abortion in not a politicized way. Yeah, yeah. But in a human way. Yeah. And deal with, so my experience just made me realize, like even me, even though I was on a hit show, this is season four and Power was at its height. I didn't know if I could be a good mother. And I wasn't sure if I would be enough. I didn't know if I was gonna make enough money. I didn't know if the show was gonna get canceled. Like there was so many things I didn't know if I was gonna get married.


You know And I. I didn't, I became a single mom very quickly. So You know until I met my husband when my daughter was almost two. I wasn't really sure. So I'll I'll just say that. That's what I channeled those emotions. And that's also why women's rights and reproductive rights is so important. Yeah. To me at this time. So yeah. 3, 3, 3. The, the Ascended Masters are right by your side assisting you with whatever it is that you're focusing on. That's why Yeah. 3, 3, 3. And it's also just this interesting. Yeah. There's so much power in those numbers. And you'll see like when you see my film, which will be out next year in festivals, but essentially it is completion and also what you focus on, it will come.


So whatever your choice is, don't feel haunted by that. And just be able to go forth and focus on the future. And that's what my film is About. And then my second question was, you talked about earlier, people wanting people to know you outside of power. Yeah. And when he brought up 50 earlier you were like, oh my God, I didn't even want that to come up. And you knew that Was coming up Though, but That man just left here a couple days ago. You know you. So you talked to Alia from TMZ and, and that clip was everywhere. Yeah. Your response to 50 Cent, your response to 50 Cent. See that was Tasha. That wasn't the Oh, Your response to 50 You know You know and what he was saying up here about Omari and you basically saying like, Omari was ghost, ghost was power. So you didn't agree with what 50 said up here.


That picked up everywhere. And did you, you regret saying that? Is that why you were like, oh my God, or Oh, I don't regret saying anything that I say in most cases, but I, I think that You know, I was just being honest. You know and it's no, no Shade to 50. He has his feelings. And, I don't know all of the issues that went down, like I said in that interview. But I think overall, I was just trying to express that You know power was something that started this whole journey of creating stars. The Stars app, And, I'm grateful for the opportunity and 50 and Courtney gave me that opportunity. So You know at the end of the day, I know that there's politics involved in their positions as well. So I, I respect 50, but I also have to honor what Omari Hardwick brought to the table.


And all I said in that interview was that You know, I feel like he is kind of a staple in the power world, that we can never undervalue him either. So I just think that as people, particularly as black people, I'll just say this as black people, we have to remember to be okay with valuing each other and really celebrate those moments when we get to a plateau or high moment in our careers. Even in your field, You know you guys negotiate and do deals because You know your worth. Yeah. And there's always gonna be somebody who tells you, ah, nah, you not worth that. You shouldn't. And that's debatable. And that's not for me to say what money he should. That's, I'm not in anybody's You know checks.


I, I focus on my check. But know Your power pun intended. Know your power and also know your worth. And it's okay to push for You know what you feel your worth. That's all You know. I wanted to ask, we had Mickey and Taraji said the same thing. So this is You know it's all relative. We Had Mickey Guyton up here. Country singer. Oh yes. Was she a member of three LW? She, yes. I, so I forgot that Mickey was the first member of three LW until Adrian And I recently Reunited. Reunited. And Adrian sent me a picture of them with Mickey and she was singing the Nashville. And then I was like, oh my gosh. That's right. 'cause they told me there was a country, she was a girl. She wasn't a country artist then, but I think she lived somewhere.


And then she, her parents pulled her out of the group. And I think that's how I wound up getting an audition for, but I had forgotten I was 15. So Adrian remembered and reminded me, and then I was like, I wanna meet her one day. I mean, we've never met, met. She's so dope. Her voice is crazy. She's dope. But how I was thinking, like at that time I was like, girl, you dodged the bullet. But, But Because she has her own career. But at the end of the day, I think I, I I'm happy that You know whatever happened with three LW it was supposed to happen that way. And here I am today. How Does the reunion feel? 'cause now y'all both are moms I know. And you guys kind of have, you have a shared experience that none of us will ever understand good and bad. Isn't it crazy? Yeah. How does that feel to be me and Adrian talk about, like, we need to probably talk about this in a formal setting, but I'm very grateful that we are reunited.


She's a mom, she's a wife. And I'm, I'm, it's almost like that life brings us closer together. Although there was so much tension in that time period. We look back and actually say, oh, remember when that happened? Oh girl. Like, this is what I was thinking back then. Or and it actually brings us closer. I'm so happy for her now. I mean, we, we, we actually invite each other to each other's homes. And she was at my baby shower. I love that. It's just unbelievable that someone that You know, I didn't think I would ever speak to again, is now my friend. Did y'all Make any promises to each other that y'all would never like, Have any Charlemagne between Each other? You so messy child. No. I'm Did y'all make any promises to each other? We did not. No more.


No more baby. I'm gonna do right? I'm not, no. We just continued to support each other. I don't talk to the promises lady. But will That never happen? You'll achille in and You know God is good and look at what he's done all the time and in my life. Never say never. You just can never say never. So you open to it. God is good. Okay. All The time we talking about you and Adrian, like You know pro You know. Promising to never have any issues between each other. Ever. I should smack him. Really, really should like smack him. This is what I should ball. You wanna go this here, throw this at him. I I have these over here just in case all the time.


That was a good shot. That was a good shot. So great. You know God really good. But yeah, no. So I wanted to ask Maurice and Victoria one of the biggest misconceptions. Like, 'cause you said something earlier that was very important pointing about voting. Yeah. You have to be an informed voter. Absolutely. And one of the biggest things I hear people say is if you try to talk to 'em about policy, like, well the economy was better. Oh God, under You know Trump and it's better under Republicans. I I learned this in the last couple of months. That's just been a false narrative of all of these years that I Don why We Believed it. This is, this is misinformation and disinformation. Alright, so first of all, Donald Trump inherited the Obama economy, right?


So whatever economy that you remember when Donald Trump came into office, that was the Obama economy. The Obama, Obama economy. And look, I again, to me the Obama economy's the floor. I'm I'm, I'm with Working Families. I, I I want an economy that, that in many ways focuses directly on the interest of, of labor unions in ways that we still are trying to get to. But the Obama economy was generating jobs month after month after month. So, so he get, he inherited that and then people don't remember. But if you remember four years ago, we were under covid. Right? Millions of jobs were lost. Right. People were sheltered in place. And some people say like, well, You know that was Covid. But presidents will face untold crises.


Covid happened to be his crisis. What happened when that man faced that crisis? He unraveled talking about injecting bleach and, and his own, his own health officials say that hundreds of thousands of people lost their lives That didn't have to because the man couldn't keep it together. And so when Kamala prior To that, don't forget the trade wars China. Yeah. I mean, but I want to talk about the trade wars, right? Because the only thing that we hear this man talk about, I'm gonna get into that is tariffs. And let me, let me get into that. So, so Biden and Harris in inherited this economy. That was a, the, the Trump covid economy. And if we remember, I think some of us have suppressed that memory.


'cause it was so traumatic, right? We don't wanna remember it. Mm. But so many of our neighbors died. More than a million people died. So many of our friends died. Our families, so many people were out of work, right? And then they were able to pass the, the Recovery act, which, which brought a lot of resources to state governments into local governments. People talk about the stimulus check. There is a Biden Harris stimulus as well and many, many other policies, which today, right? And I. I want the economy to work for so many more people and I'll get to that. But today, this economy is making jobs, making jobs in manufacturing jobs, making union jobs. Right? And so we, we have to actually tell the truth about what's happening.


But let's talk about on one side, there's one policy that's basically terrorist, terrorist tariffs. And I almost feel bad for this man because he doesn't, look, I'm not an economist, but he doesn't understand e econom economics 1 0 1. Right? Basic level economics 1 0 1, tariffs hurt everyday working, working people. That's right. Right. So it's like China doesn't pay the tariffs. You pay the tariffs. That's right. Right. So you're talking about 2000% tariffs. That's going, that is a tax on working people. So on one side you're talking about a tax on working people on another side, you're talking about what, a $6,000 child tax credit, right?


You're talking about $25,000 assistance for, for home buyers. You're talking about $50,000 for people who have a dream or a hustle or Yes. You know they wanna start a business or maybe artists, they wanna start something. Entrepreneurs, right? You're talking about policies that you could debate but are focused on the interest of working people with, with housing. You're talking about holding accountable. Who, who the largest corporations who are buying up these units. That, that's one of the reasons why rental prices us out of our own community. So a lot of these hedge funds are buying up these homes. That's why the prices are becoming so high. They're talking about holding them accountable.


Right? So when you talk about the economy, also, there's a lot of people who are saying that, that the American economy today, right? Is, is one of the biggest, most robust economies in The World, right? Today. Right. And so we need to tell the truth. I would argue that we can do better, right? And we have to do better. Which is why we build a Working Families party because we're not just interested in electing somebody and then going home. We're want, we want to fight for more. And in the richest country in the history of countries, there shouldn't even be homelessness. We shouldn't even be talking about how do people afford healthcare? And we know we don't believe any politician is gonna get elected and then give that to us. We need to fight for that on the other side of this election.


So first job number one is to vote and to vote out the project 2025 crew. And it's bigger than just project 2025 on the agenda. We gotta push back on that. And then job number two, after the election, we need to stand on business in order to make sure that, that this economy actually works for us. Because we know the corporations are gonna wanna be in people's ears. We need to be in the he of these politicians as well. But the contrast couldn't be clear. Honestly, y'all, it's not even a question at this point. I understand if months ago people had questions, right? No, I don't. And I don't understand. But, But this is the problem. And. I'm gonna tell you what the problem is, Maur. Right? The problem is this. Right? And and this is what I realized the other day, right? Yeah.


A lot of people don't have the time to do the research to see if the things that they're researching is right. Right. I'm gonna tell you Absolutely. Absolutely. And I mean Getting it from just A swipe. I'm watching The World series, right? Yep. Yep. And they're playing ads and people don't know if those ads are real or fake, right? That's correct. So if you work a nine to five or you have two jobs, you come home, you say, You know what, I'm gonna turn on The World series while I cook for my kids. And you watching these ads, you don't know what to believe or not. Absolutely. And most people don't know that a lot of those ads are full of shit. Yes. Yes. And and Or when they go online to look Yeah. A lot of the stuff that they're looking for, And I feel silly with this, this terms online. But when they go online to Yes rap, But we go online, a lot of the stuff that they're looking for is false.


So how do people know what's real or what's not? I mean they put an A with me and Charlemagne on there. Oh yeah. It, oh I saw that. Oh listen. But You know When you saw that, you thought your brother sold you out. No. Well no. I was just like, this is crazy. Yeah. And Charlemagne, I know how You know political, we did the movie 88 together, which was a political thriller about these very issues. Yeah. In an election and, and just super pacs. So it's funny because everything you said is so true. Like they You know you don't know and people don't often have time. So what I wanna say to add to what you said and Marie said is that You know we are just swiping through social media and that's the only maybe quick in a hurry. It's like fast food, right?


That's Right. And fast food You know you gotta just eat 'cause you gotta eat. That's right. Sometimes you don't have time to, or you may not have the resource or the money to go get a real meal. So you, but you gotta eat right? So I'm gonna go ahead and get this burger or hopefully it is real meat, I don't know. But I'm digesting something that I'm not really sure is right or good for me. And even true. Right? And and that's why I encourage everybody because I believe that the ultimate antiseptic to these lies. It's not just better information because we need better information. It's relationships. Right. Because if I have a, if I have a trusted relationship with you, and it's true, you are spouting this, I could be like, yo, alright, envy, let me actually share with you what's up.


And we could have a conversation because we trust each other. And You know, when we were in Philly, we had a, an amazing closed door conversation with working class black men. And we were having real talk In a barbershop. We barber, we went to a barbershop and just sat You know. My husband was really a part of that conversation and all these men sat and talked. I was really observing 'cause You know as a woman, I didn't wanna be in that conversation. 'cause I don't know what black men's struggles or what they're dealing with. But that was such a great thing that You know you guys and Working Families organize. 'cause people do need to just sit and talk to each other. That's right. But As a woman, what did you observe in that conversation that like Kamala Harris and like You know her team is focusing on right now.


Like You know what I mean? I think a lot of black men felt like You know, don't just pick me up and use me. Now. Some people did feel You know, even with Kamala Harris You know, at the end of the day some people are feeling like, oh, now y'all in, in, in both parties. Now y'all wanna focus on black men. Or now there's conversations about what, so there was a real You know some people are frustrated, some people are feeling You know discouraged. Some people are like, no You know. They were educators and they were all talking. And my husband talked about You know the influence of the culture and they talked about Quavo and different people that are being utilized. But black men were feeling like, are we going to still matter when the election is over? Yeah. So how do we organize ourselves?


And I think they were talking amongst themselves about what can we do to make sure we're not just used as a tool. That's right. That's right. Because for far too long, when it comes time to vote parties, they come to us, they come to us, they come to us for, so they come to our culture for everything. They come to our culture to make money. Yep. To start brands and to get, and to get people into these polls. And the day after is often crickets when it comes to our, to our agenda. Which is why we build organizations like the Working Families party. So we could hold them all accountable. Right. And so, to me, I thought it was historic. And so props to VP Harris for having a platform specifically for black men. Right. And she didn't just create that after Barack Obama made those comments a week ago.


No, no. She's been doing that. I know that she's been working on it. Right. But there's a narrative that it feels like it's just happened. But that's not True. And that agenda to me is the floor You know props to black men Bill props to, to Phil Agnew and Black Men Bill and the, and, and the nine bars. Right. There are all types of platforms for black men. Right. So I I'm happy that that, that that happened. I think it's historic to have a major candidate actually address our issues that shows we have power. Right. And also, I wanted to spill this misinformation that black men don't vote, or black men don't vote for or, or vote for black women. Or somehow we could lose the black men are engaged. Right. That's right. Black men are very much engaged.


There's one population of people who always vote on freedom more than anybody else. That's black women only rivaled by black men. That's right. Right. And so we just need to dispel that. All of this gender war stuff. Yep, yep. Yep. Any, any information that's about dividing us in our community is information that is set upon by our enemies. Yep. Who, because they're afraid if we as black people come together, and then the other thing that they're afraid of is when working class black people, Latino people and working class white people and native people and Asian people, we all come together. That's the thing that they are definitely afraid of. Right. That's why they killed Martin. Yes. I mean, and that's ex Exactly. All the leaders. And even in the culture, if you can bring people together through music, through through the arts or through You know what you're, what you're speaking or your activism and literally that transcends color lines.


And then before You know it, you have so much power that they can't control you. Because essentially power is freedom. That's right. And without freedom, You know that's where we all are fighting for. And that's why voting now matters. 'cause we're fighting not just for power, we're fighting for freedom. Absolutely. And that's what's important to us. That's right. How do they support your work, Marie? Okay, well there's so many ways and people could get involved. Right? Now, I, I know this show is for a lot of people as entertainment and education, but, but I'm an organizer, so I'm always gonna have a call to action. And so don't see this simply as education, as entertainment. See this as your call to action. If you wanna get in this work between now and election day, because we're still talking to voters, you can, and we still need to talk to voters.


Yes, it's true. When you look at the polls, it's gonna be close. Right. You can matter. And so I encourage everybody to text the word power, pun intended. The 3 0 4 0 3 power to 3 0 4 0 3. You go to Working Families dot org, you could see our list of, of endorsed candidates. And by the way, we're on these streets every single day. Right. So we've endorsed close to a thousand candidates. We do that every single year. And so if you're interested, there are organizations for you. And my, my role is to get you organized. I would love for you to join the Working Families party if we're, for whatever reason. Yeah. If you wanna volunteer, go to the site. You know. Absolutely. You could volunteer, you could get on board.


And if everything or anything I've said aligns with you, then congratulations. You already are Working Families party member. You might as well make it official. Come on board and get this work because we're gonna be on the streets in every major swing, swing state. We're also for, for folks that might not know this, in California and in New York, there are swing districts, right? And so there are congressional districts. This is an opportunity to be able to make a difference there. And then if you vote in Connecticut and New York, we have a ballot line. And in New York you could vote row D on the Working Families party line. You could vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls. Not on the Democratic party line, but on row D, the Working Families party line. Hmm. Why that is, why that's important is that you could say, yes, absolutely.


I saw the hate rally at Madison Square Garden. I understand the assignment. I don't wanna vote that man in, I'm gonna vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walsh. But I care about the fact that we need to focus our resources on education and healthcare and not on wars abroad. Right. Then you could vote on the Working Families party line, which says, this is my candidate choice, but this is also the agenda I vote on. And in those states you could do that. And Policies that you believe in and making sure that we take care of us at home and not just abroad. That's right. That's we need people to support us here in America, in these cities. So That's right. That's also why we do What we do. Yeah. And, and we can't put at the center these politicians and their biographies and their stories, which is like all good.


We have to put at the center, our families, our children, our communities, and use that in order to determine what chess move we make. I like to say that elections and voting is not a love letter. Right? So you don't have to like folks, you don't have to love folks. You don't have to trust folks in order to vote your interest and in order to make that chess move. So if you wanna make that chess move with us, I invite you to join Working Families. That's right. Naori Norton Lewis. Yes. Yes, yes. Louis Mitchell, thank you so much for joining us. We appreciate it. Thank y'all so much. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that up. The Breakfast. Club.