
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


This episode is brought to you by Purina. This is Samantha from stuff Mom never told you. May is National Pet Month. It's time to reimagine how you care for the cat you love. Pet Tivity is powered by Purina and developed by pet behaviorists, veterinarians and technologists to help you provide the best care possible. Pett TV's, smart Litter Box monitor and app track your cat's weight and litter box behavior, transforming their data into helpful insights and alerting you to changes you may not notice on your own. Daily and monthly litter box. Behavior and weight tracking can provide a window into your cat's help and empower you to act sooner if something's off. The app also features the Pet Tivity Assistant, an AI powered chatbot that can answer your pet care. Questions 24 7. With pet expertise and your cat's data always within reach, it's easier than ever to give your cat the story they deserve. Shop the Pet Tivity Smart Litter Box monitor to try this game changing technology. Pet Tivity powered by Purina.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne, the God Jess. Hilarious is here. Envy is not. Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got the fabulous Coco Jones here. What's happening? Coco? Hello Charlamagne. Hey y'all. Hey Boo Girl. Nice to having me. Nice to meet you. Coco got New Album, period. This your debut album. It's my first album ever. Yeah. Why not more? I'm gonna tell you right now, Def Jam Don't Care about You. Oh. And I gonna tell you why Jesus Christ. I'm gonna tell you why they sent your album at 7:44 AM this morning. Hmm. And I said, no, we should cancel the interview because it's not fair to you as an artist. And it's not fair to us as, as as hosts.


And because because you know, you're, you're sitting here now and then, you know, people will be in your face talking to you about everything except for your music. And people will wonder why why are they always just focused on the mess? Why are they talking about everything about her music? It's because your label didn't send it until 7 44 this morning. We're doing a show who got time to listen to the, to the album? I hear you. So, yes. That's, that's the reason why that was the hold up. So I don't know what the label told you, but that was the reason I was like, you know what, let's cancel the interview. Dang. So you still wanna do it? Yeah, We doing it now. But I just like that Lauren did a crash. Listen to The album. Listen bro, baby. That's why I was rushing for these papers. Okay? Yeah. Because I am a fan And I do feel like you deserve your moment. But it, it went down how he said it went down. Yeah. So We're here. I didn't get a chance to listen to it. Envy the, that's why Envy left.


Envy was like, I ain't listen to it. I'm not gonna do her like that. Oh. And he didn't say cancel. He said reschedule. Well, he Reschedule. Yeah. Cancel you. He was like, we should reschedule it because that's not fair to either party. It's not, you don't think I don I don't think it's fair to you at all. Emini here. I hear what you're saying. I definitely feel like I would want y'all to hear it if y'all would want to ask me questions about it. I also know though, like there's only, I only got the right now, you know, I'm going on tour right after I dropped this album. So I do wanna still talk about it. Yeah. And I can still, I can share what I know. True. And y'all can listen to it when you, when you get to listen to it. Okay. I, I Label also, I love my label. They, they, they have my back. Well, lemme say I feel, Do better speak for My team.


They need to do better buddy. I'm not gonna let You Just say that. They didn't the album till 7 44 this morning. Okay. And this Is a radio station. I gotta say that. You're an artist. I love my label. They be, they be doing right by me stuff, but She only doing what I would do. If somebody talk about one of y'all. I'd be like, what? Like, don't do that. Step out for y'all now. Sam. Same while we're here. Hi. Hey Y'all. How you feeling? I'm Feeling good. I'm feeling good. I'm happy to be here. Debut album. Yeah. But like, you've been the, I feel like your music has been so big, but this is your technical like first album. Yeah, it is my first album ever. Which is weird though, because I feel like on one on one side I feel like, like deja vu in a way.


But on the other side I'm like, okay, technically I have never put out an album. So I I I've been, it's like weird to say that like an album. I've been used to saying ep, which is different. It's different, but similar to What is the difference, what do you think the difference is between an EP and an actual album? I think honestly the weight that they hold Emini here. An EP is like a feeler. It's a little safer. It is a little like less serious. And then an album is like, you know, it's a chapter. You really respect it as a, as an entire project. And then there's like a way more serious like rollout and there's way more intentions behind it. I feel like with my ep, there were no expectations. And now with my album, I have so many expectations, me, myself, and then of course like The World.


And that's why the label should send it to people, especially radio stations before they do interviews. Lauren, you say what you say before Coco walked in. I you keep that better. Keep that same energy. No, no. I have, first of all, I said it all in love. So it's going be said Yes, but I, I want, I'm making sure Jess has the album research that we have because I do wanna talk about it because what I feel like happens with you is you have these big moments, like I see u and when those things drop, it's everything Coco Jones. And we as fans feel like you are such a prize to RB and what you do, you deserve that consistently. But then when things like today happen, like if I didn't push, we wouldn't be doing this. And you deserve that moment. Yeah. It's unfair to you. And I think that that's sometimes why as a fan, we feel like your music like suffers.


Like we have to like search for more than just like the cliquey stuff. You know, like even in listening to the music, I was happy we got to listen to it even though I only got to five songs because I could even feel in your music, this is different because to me it's like you're more into yourself. Mm. There's a lot more like sexual conversation of you're a woman, you're here And I know that that's what you want people to see you as because you've worked so hard. I don't think sometimes that the way that things appear to us as fans, that that they're set up. You get that. And, And I, I don't think it's fair to you. That's what I said before you came in here. I could Definitely understand that perspective. I feel like also though, like, there's just so much out every freaking day, you know? So in general it's like who has the real formula to put everyone's eyes on that one thing all the time.


If so, then everyone would copy that and then that would be a wash. You know what what I'm saying? True. So I'm like, there really is no formula. I, I can understand that, but I'm like, I don't even know what to tell people to do. The people that I'm seeing, they're doing what they supposed to do. 'cause I'm looking at you right there. I'm seeing you doing the things, you know, and I'm doing everything that I'm told to do. So it's like, it's How you, There's no real formula for that. You, It's how you look at it. And I love the way that you look at it because like, it's a lot that you have to offer. You are an actress, you're an artist. And speaking of how we look at things, taste the visual, what made you step out and be like that? I've never seen you. Yeah. Like that. Now you're always sexy. Always. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. But you've never ever popped out like that. The visual for taste.


Yeah. What made you say I'm a I'm gonna just give him a lot more sexy than I've ever given she was giving before. Yeah. Yeah. She was very much giving. I'm to tell You the time is now. I know that what I'm saying, never even knew that she could dance like that. Thank you. Honestly. Thank you. Pink Pink. What was it? Clock it. Clock it. Clock it. Boy. Oh my god. Clock was The clock. So I'm crying. What, What, what ignited that Coco Jones fire. What was that? Well, First of all, Emini here, the song itself, it is sexy, you know what I'm saying? But I think for me, I want people to already know like, hey, she does multiple different sides of her.


Like of course I can do like the belting And I'm in my feelings and I'm going there and it's vocals and it's all of that. But like, I don't wanna do a whole show of that, you know? You know, that's just not how I authentically feel right now. Emini here, I'm 27. I, I have other sides to me, the way I talk with my girls, the way I talk when I'm mad, like I wanna be able to show those different sides too. So I feel like when do I do that? It would have to be now, you know what I'm saying? To like get people warmed up to different versions of me. And honestly, when I made taste, my album was already done. It was supposed to be out in October and then it just wasn't flowing right. So we, you know, pushed it back. And so I kind of had no, I guess expectations that I put on myself. Yeah. And I was kind of like, I did my part so like I'm just gonna have fun.


And then that led to taste, which to me it was just so fun and it was freeing and it was scary. So I just, I just wanted to do it. Yeah. Why was it Scary saying so, so, oh, what was it? Def Jam. You had the album since October. Def Jam didn't send it to 7 44 this morning. No. You know what Tacha, Where is the Grace in the room? Where Is it? Where Is it? Listen, I just want the best for Cocoa Jones. Thank you. You said that they're doing good things for you. I'm just simply saying why not more. Okay. Well you ate that part. That's all I'm saying. Ate that because that's all I'm the album. But anyway, so a version of it was done in October, but a lot of it changed. A lot of it changed. Like me Emini here taste happened because there was no, you know, there was no expectation. And it was scary because I was gonna get mixed reactions.


I knew that like, some people were gonna be like, you're this girl, you're the sing girl, don't dance, don't do that. Don't be sexy. You know what I'm saying? And then other people were gonna live for it. So I kind of just had to be okay with that because I feel like, what am I supposed to do? You know? Yeah. It's my life too. And I'm still a developing artist. These are the things I wanna do and try and maybe one day I'll look back Emini here, I probably will look back at some of the things that I did and be like, but like, gimme the time. You don't Crazy though. You, you keep it Emini here not to be like funny. You keep it tasteful when you do. Absolutely. Even taste was tasteful. Yeah, thank you. And it was the no to Britney Spears. Well Actually though, that was a, that was, it was cut down and down and down. I really did. I'm gonna say I really did try a lot of things because I wanted to see what they look like on myself.


Because also like, I don't know how I feel doing something until I try it. So either I could live with like the regret and the fear of like, I didn't, I don't even wanna push it like that. Or I could try things and luckily I have a team who's like, try it, you know, they'll, they'll help me facilitate figuring out who I am all the way. And so I did do way more than that's in that video, but Oh, so that's, it just wasn't sitting right. Is That why? So the timeline, he talking about October to when we getting it now. That's why things have been like changing and that's why we got the stuff late is 'cause everything was changing. No, the songs changed from October. Some of them changed, some of them changed from October to now the album coming out. But Taste the video, I was just saying like, oh yeah, the visual, the edits of it.


Like they, it got chopped and screwed a lot because I wasn't feeling some of the ways that I looked, I wasn't feeling it for myself. Like it didn't feel like me, you know, some of it felt like me trying to do something versus some of it felt like me being me And I just kept what was like a green light in my spirit, you know? Is that, is now is cocoa and taste or is that like happy in a relationship? Cocoa or like, oh I'm, I'm getting, I'm getting done. Right. Cocoa, I think, you know what I'm saying? Or is that just, just a side of you that we have not seen that you just, you, you know what I'm Saying? You know, I think it's just, I'm grown and got, you know, me and my girls, we talk like this.


Like when we, yeah, When We're flirty, like when we're sensual, like we grown, you know what, what I'm saying I got like, music is, is all of the things. It's in love. It's late night, it is anger, it's all these emotions. So I wanted to, in this album, I wanted to try to show all the different sides of me and really just learn, like learn for myself. How did that, how did that make me feel? How did that video make me feel? How did the responses, being on tour and seeing what people like and what they don't like. It all kind of is like lights up in my brain. Like, okay, now I know that like I feel like it highlights things and then I'm like, oh, that's what I like. Oh that's what I should be doing more of. You know what I'm saying? Like, yeah. So, okay. Because first of all, when you talk about relationships, you're glowing instantly.


We have taste or you, somebody's leaving a legacy on your lips when they kiss you, then you got A-E-O-M-G sample. American Eagle. It's just, it's the American Eagle real. It Was just Something to say. Yeah. It's just, it's like, it sounds when you, you're feeling good when you're in the midst of all of the things. You got that one girl, you got the song where Africa, here we go. Is that the song where you talk about you trying to get over somebody, but they won't leave you alone. 'cause you, but you laid up with your new boo. You've been talking about being happy in these interviews and the people are saying that it's Donovan Mitchell. Is is this your bay? Is that what's happening? I'm happy. And that's all I gotta say about it. Period. Emini here. You, you already know. Do y'all know Music? Okay. So it is, and the music gives happy.


So I'm happy for you. Donovan Mitchell, the basketball player? Yes. No. The, the nigga who sell houses. No, I never, Before I didn't know, I didn't know that A I'm crying. But no, I talk about as much as I feel like I wanna talk about because I'm just that I'm not the type to be giving out all of my Yeah. Details. That's just not my truth. I, I give as much as I can And I give my everything when it comes to this music shit. So I'm like, mm, yeah, I'm happy. And yeah, y'all know what it is. Did you write all the songs on the, on the album? I co-wrote a lot of them. I would say 90%. Okay. But then a couple of them, I didn't write them. Okay, here we go. Did you write? Here we go. Okay. When I listened to it, I can feel that you wrote it because of the way that you sing it versus some of the other songs.


Not that they're not good, but you can just, that's the one you lemme hear with that hard ass beat. Yes, I heard that. Yeah. That one. I was like, this one right here. I know she wrote this one. Yeah. But like, I, I just, I feel that when you're writing and you say you don't wanna give everything to everybody, but I listen to this project and I'm like, oh my girl, it's in love and it's good. Period. How do you hold back on certain things to not give it all? 'cause it's, it's oozing outta you in, in the music. Thank you. Thank you. Well I feel like a lot of the things I talk about are very relatable. Yeah. It's not like I'm like, and then we pulled up at something like, and it's very specific to me. You know, I try to make songs that are useful, you know what I'm saying? So I'm trying to say things that I feel, but in a general way. And also I love to co-write because I feel like I don't have the only perspective And I'm trying to make songs that, you know, have a wider range of perspective.


So I'll be having me and somebody else, or a couple people going back and forth to make it feel like this is what we really say, this is how we really talk as people. You know what I'm saying? And then also I feel like other than that, in like interviews, you know, you just pivot. I Don say that. Right? Can I ask you About this line from here we go because I'm old. I don't know what this mean. Why it's gotta be your way. I wanted to be mine. What you think this is foreplay must be out your mind. Like I was basically saying, when you're playing with somebody's emotions, when you in and outta their life, like, like do you feel like that's funny or hot or like, are you into that? Like, what's wrong with you? Oh, You know what I'm saying? Okay, okay, okay. Okay. So, okay, so you, because you use the word foreplay, but you're talking about, I get what you're saying, Like are you thinking you flirting on me when you're playing with my life, when you're playing in my face?


Like, are do you think I like that got Because in the song she's like, yo, I'm happy over here. I like where I'm at. But you just, you pop up in my likes. You showing up places. Like you think that this is like this is it like that? No. Leave me alone. But he's not leaving her alone. And those guys be kind of low key, having a little hold even though they shouldn't, guys like the guy. So if you're moved on and you're trying to for you? No, just in General. Oh, she don't even know. Why is she volunteering? I like everybody has had that, that person that, you know, not Lauren can always slide back. He's A leader. Trust me. Not Lauren. He's a actor. It's okay, you're right. I don't have that because I'm disconnected from anything toxic and I'm moving into my glory am my happiness. Wow. I love that phrase. AKA I'm single. Nobody wants me. Okay. You know what, That is so foul.


But everybody does. I know, I know they be in your phone, but you just be blocking things that Aren't giving. They he won. Oh, it's the One. Oh, now you trying get into guilty Now it's one We pivoted. Pivoted. Yeah. So so Now was one, Where are we going with this? Wow. When did it turn into one? Anyway, I got your question. Yes, thank you. 'cause I read the word Why, why, why more? Why not more? What, what did you, did you come up with that Title? Okay, so it's one of the songs that is on the album is actually featuring YG Marley. And it's really dope. It's like an island vibe. And I really love that title because I felt like that's what I kept asking myself. Like why would I hold back? You know, why wouldn't I do the things that I feel like I really wanna do?


And I feel like all the answers were rooted in fear. Like, oh, they might not like it or it might not work. And I'm like, I would rather just try things and be able to like learn from them. Yeah. Than, than not try and wonder what would've happened if, you know, so that kind of led to why not more being the album name, but also I feel like it was a little less serious. Like it was between why not more or like self-titled cocoa whatever. But I'm like, I don't even know if I fully know Coco yet myself. So I don't know if that's my true itt true itt true itt truth to name my album that I feel like why not more resonated with me more. Yeah. Because I'm just, I ask myself a lot of questions. I ask my team a lot of questions. I'm very curious and I'm still like trying to figure it out. I love that. 'cause it feels like, you know, you give your all to everything you do.


Yeah. So when you give your all but Def Jam doesn't, how does that make you feel? Why are you still on that? You Know what, what, Why, Why? I'm just asking. I just was asking you Want something from the store? This is crazy. It is crazy. Oh my God. I'm like, I here here's what I really feel. I really feel like it takes a lot of effort and time to, to make an artist work and, and for a developing artist. And I feel like I want, what I really want people to do is to look at me with the perspective of like, I'm not trying to do like the trending here today And I, and I'm gone type thing. I'm trying to make things that are timeless. But that takes time and that takes effort. And I feel like I have a team that does a lot for me.


Yeah. And have and has effort for me. Like, I wouldn't be up here saying that if that wasn't my truth. You know what I'm saying? Well They dropped the ball this morning. That's all I'm saying. And, and at a, at a, at a crucial time like this, they shouldn't be doing that. That's all I'm saying. So When would you have prepared to listen to it? A week ago. You were on the schedule a week ago. We should have been at the album. We should have marinated with the album for a while to really be able to have a conversation. I like, I think albums are different than movies. I, I don't like to watch movies before I have conversations with people about their movies. 'cause you don't wanna spoil it. But I think albums are different. Okay, Well I got five singles out. Did you listen to them? I listened to. They Been out. He listened to the the one you let me hear this morning Taste and it was another one. What was the one you lemme hear this morning? Here I go. Here we go. Taste. He Needed to hear that. A EO mg So he know I ain't hear A E MG American.


Eagle MG is Pork Commercial. He though, you think so? Yeah. Huh? What? He said American Eagle. Oh My God. What does that mean for real though? What's the Acronym? A-E-O-M-G. So basically it's just like a freaky song and it's like legs on the Legs on the ceiling got me like A OMG. Like it's just something to say. It's just fun. I Know what the OMG is, but what is the ae? It's just like, it was like, you know how when you say your vowels a aei IOU, it was like that ae Gsi. Like she, it's just, yeah. Dang. We was just having fun. I Ain't doing it right. I ain't never met. Nobody screaming, no vowels. Look at fan, Fan out.


I can't do that. I can't with that. But no, I'm really excited. And you can listen to the album. It'll be out on Friday. And then I'm curious to hear your thoughts next time I see you. Absolutely. Whoa. Were you finishing? No, I'm good ahead. Oh, customer said I got more stuff that I wanna ask you. So even in this moment right now, you're handling this conversation very, very well. Thank you. Is this 'cause you, you've done everything from Disney to we've seen you on Fresh Prince of Bel Air, the remake, what is it called On Peacock Bel Air. Bel Air on Bel Air. You've been doing it for a long time. Yeah. Does that, does this your,


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what up Y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today. And tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


To do this and still say human come from that. Or are you daily like kind of like prepping yourself up, like, hey, these are things that are gonna be asked I gotta be ready for. Or you just go in and you're like, yo, I got this. No, I think I, I do have to remind myself like when I'm doing press, like okay, these are probably things that people are gonna wanna talk about. What do I like? I wanna be in tune with myself. What, what I wanna say. You know what I'm saying? So that I'm not like caught off guard even though you did kinda catch me off guard. I can't even hold. But you know, I do have that media training period. But other than that I feel like, I feel like honestly having the window of time where nobody was really checking for me really brought me to earth.


You know? And it in a way, not like I was a gas up or anything, but I was just like a kid actor. And like, you didn't, you don't really have a personality, you know what I'm saying? You just doing, you just doing what you gotta do. Yeah. And you love it. And that's happy and that's fun. But I didn't live at all. Like I didn't experience much. I was not like wilding out. I didn't wild out. I didn't do anything really 'cause I wanted to work. Yeah. So I just wanted to be right for the job. So I think that brought me to a reality and like a, a kind of normalcy that I feel like I'm, I even now I'm like, dang, I'm really not like normal. Like I feel like I am, but you know, I can't just go and move the way I wanna move 'cause life is different. But I feel like I'm like, I'm never gonna be able to change because that window of time like was so real to me of like absolutely nothing going on that I feel like it, it'll never, like nothing will really gas my head up or nothing will really take me down ever again.


What Did, what what? It stuck with you, you know, you were a child star. So from, what did you learn as a child star that stays with you now? That this is business Sometimes and it's not personal And I can't like let it correlate with my self worth. You know, some of it is like so outta my control that it's like I, and it's gone. You know? It's, it's, it's really not me. It's really not me, you know? And as long as I like, I feel like I'm giving my all to the things that are in my control, I'm happy. You know? And there's so much that I, like I can't make this album do any of the things that I want it to do. I can't make anything be the way that I want it to be, but what I create that I can control. So that to me, I feel like has become the only thing that I correlate with.


Like, did I do a good job or not? Like is it something that I could control? Did I do my all there? Then I'm happy with it. That's your serenity prayer. That's the serenity prayer. You know what that is, Right? Serenity prayer. Yeah. God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. Courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference. I once you put that album out into the ecosystem outta your control Yeah. Whatever it sells, whatever radio does with it. Like it's, you did the best you could already in the studio. Yeah, for sure. For sure. I love how you Defend your team. I love how you speak up for your team and I love the fact that your mom has been like by your side through all this. Is she your manager? No, my mom's not my manager. She, she was for the, the time when there was nobody, you know?


But yeah, no, I feel like now my mama is more like my wise counsel, you know? Love that. Yeah, she was definitely, when she Make sure to tell her make sure to tell her make sure to tell Def Jam Emini here. Def make sure to tell your mom about Def Jam. Please. She's gonna watch this. She gonna Watch this. She probably gonna be your Dm. Definitely. She, She gonna say thank you. Okay. We Just say Def Jam account. I just to cook on her first album ever. Well her, that, that wasn't really the fir it was like fake first album. It was like the, it was like the first first body first Body of just brought up your mom. And I know your mom used to help you do and package all of those things. Right? She actually, she said she bought a lot of those little packaging stickers and put 'em all there like squares and put it in the thing and then it came out printed like that. I don't know how she did that.


Office Max. It's it's really giving It, yeah. You used to go to Office Max and get those stickers and you used to put 'em on there. That's how we used to start the mix tapes and everything. Dang. Now her knowing how to, I don't know how she figured out how to do that, but yeah, my, my mom was definitely like, you go, you gotta have somebody who's willing to take you to those places to wait on them sets for you and like to, you know, a, a job that you're auditioning for. You might not hear back whether you or not. You got that for months. Yeah. And you might have to do so much in the meantime to like prove your, prove your worth, you know? Yeah. So somebody, especially if you're, you know, you're a kid, somebody's gotta be willing to do that with you. And I think my whole family honestly has invested in this because me and my mom would be gone. So that means my mom was gone from her kids. My mom was gone from her husband. We all like, we knew what it was that we were like working towards.


And so my win is like, is everybody's win. 'cause we all, we all put something in. What Were your earliest memories of wanting to be who you are now? Was that your dream or did somebody instill that dream in you? It Was definitely me. Okay. Like even when I look at little kid videos of me, like I would be like, not even fully forming sentences, but I would be singing though and they'd be like, sing and I'd be like, yes, I, I would love to sing. So it was, it was always me. I didn't think that like, it could be a tangible job though. Like I knew sports was a real job 'cause my dad played the NFL so I was like, okay, this is a real job. This can actually be something you do. But I didn't know music could be something you really do. I saw it on TV and, And I, I thought, you know, yeah those people are doing that. But it wasn't until like my mom introduced me to the opportunities that I was like, you can try to do this yourself.


Like, it's something I could do. And then I was hooked. There was no stopping me. But Then you also had options 'cause you got into acting as well. Yeah. Yeah. So which bug do you think, you know, I guess infected you the most? Music definitely Music. Yeah. Okay. I respect acting 'cause it's definitely outside of my comfort zone. And it's stories that are like outside of me And you do it. Well, Thank you. Thank you. But I think music is like, it's just like home to me. It just feels safe. So that Was your first love of an Acting. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Are you looking Forward to more film though? Oh yes. I literally went to South Africa this year to do a film And I really think it's gonna be dope. I really, ideally I would love to be able to do both every year. I think that that's really cool when, when artists can do that.


So I wanna try to keep that up. Oh, Do you have a favorite song on this album? Or why not More My favorite song, Emini Here, it changes all the time, but I would say right now it's probably by myself. It's, it's called, it's called by myself. It's basically saying I wanna be comfortable by myself. I, I think I love that one because you know, like it reminds me like what's really important. Like, I gotta know myself, you know? Yeah. Whatever's happening around me is gonna, I can't let it influence me or affect me. I gotta know myself. And also I want to be really in tune with myself. I don't wanna lose my, my voice. Yeah. Yeah. Of knowing who I am, knowing what I want out of all of this.


Knowing what's important to me. And also if this all went away, it would be me by myself. Right. Am I cool with that? I always wanna check myself and be like, you cool with that? Have you always felt comfortable by Yourself? No. No. I definitely feel like if anything I, I felt like something was wrong if I didn't have people around me. Like maybe like, you know, you're not doing what you need to be doing, you're not booked or all the things like, nah. But I think also by myself, to me it doesn't mean alone. It means like, it intentionally sitting with yourself Like you meditation, Like learning yourself and, and taking that quiet time. I feel like that's when I get a lot of ideas. I feel like that's when I can like, feel things and like unpack things. Like, what the heck was that actually, I really didn't like the way he was saying that.


You know what I'm saying? Not nothing like that. I'm just saying like, you really like can think about things that are going on. There's so much sound, there's so much going on. There's so much fast paced that being by yourself I feel like is like crucial for self-growth. You know? Did you see that viral video of you? And the reason why I asked did you see it? 'cause a lot of people don't be seeing stuff for themselves. Like, just 'cause it hits blogs don't mean you, you see it. But this is why I was so shocked when, when I saw a taste, because it was a video a couple weeks ago that I saw that went viral and it was you rehearsing. Yeah. But she was looking like, I Ain't doing all that. So, But because they was like gyrating on each other, I guess your choreographer or whoever was displaying what they wanted you to do and you was looking at her like, Uhuh your face was like, I'm not, I'm not doing it.


I know. I was so scared. It was okay. So he was throwing her up in the air. Yes. And I'm tall, but I don't like heights that I can't control. That ain't my choice, you know? Right. So that's why I was looking scared as hell. But I was proud of myself. I told, I told the choreographer at Lee, I said, do what you would do, not what you think I can do. And let me see what happens after That. I Got you. If it's too hard, I'm gonna tell you girl. And some of it was just too hard. But I was proud of myself for like, trying it. I was literally in a hoop. I had an airless come and like teach me how to be in the hoop. And for one part of the video, I really was proud of myself. I went outside my comfort zone And I was living for it. Yeah. You Talked about earlier, the moment you said when people weren't checking for you, it was like when you, in between your Disney and like your next song and stuff of that nature.


And I watched an interview where you were saying that you were like almost embarrassed to go out and get a job at certain points and things of that nature. How do you do, because people were virally saying things about where you've been and stuff. How do you deal with those moments when you're viral, but it's like for stuff that you don't care to be viral for now that you know yourself a bit, but you're still figuring yourself out. I, I'm like, the internet isn't real. I'm like, what is this place? It's not even like, for real, what's real is the people that I tangibly talk to who know me. You know? So I'm like, this is so not real. So if something is going viral Emini here, I might get a little summer drop. Like, because I'm like used to people talking about my music only. And so anything else is getting, it's like, it's still new to me that people care about what I got going on personally.


I'm like, y'all care about that? Okay. How can We talk about your music If We don't get the album until it's 7 44? That's not your fault though. Just talking about Def Jam continue Anyway. I really don't take it seriously because I feel like people's attention span is so short. It'll be important today. Gone tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. If you don't talk about it. That's why I had to ask you, did you see the video I'm talking about? Because I know A lot of people Be so far removed from social media and the internet. It's not a real place. It is a whole bunch of people who Just say shit and, and just because they feel like they can have a voice now. Yeah. It's like, all right, cool. So I And I on there And I also feel like even when people are like talking, I'm like, it's still talking. I'm like, go stream.


That a record. If you're up about something, go stream it. The Algorithm doesn't know the difference. I Know that's right. I'm not mad. I'm not blocking nobody. If you wanna talk, keep, keep it on. I need them to know that you're active on this page. Go ahead. What are the plans for the album release this weekend? I have a party in Miami On Saturday In LA on Saturday. And I'm, I'm doing a performance tonight that is, is like an exclusive thing with Motorola. But I'm really excited I'm going on tour. So I've been prepping for that. I'm doing interviews during the day and I've been doing my rehearsals at night. I'm excited to put the show together and perform it everywhere. I'm going to Europe too, to do some shows dancing. Yes. I'm really excited for her. I'm Excited. You probably can't wait to write a song about this him getting on your nerves all day today.


Oh yeah, Please don. I'm not gonna write a song about, I'm here for Coco. Coco was born in South Carolina. She was raised in Tennessee. But you know, period. She got that South Carolina in her. So I just want her to always be getting done right now. People at all times Understand you though. That's it. You feel that? You feel people sting you. I know when girl, Girl What? Yes. Yes. I thought you said sting. I no sting you. Like when something Ha 'cause I, I don't, I don't think it's the Disney stuff. 'cause sometimes they do that with certain child actors and child stars. But I think it's just because we feel that you really care about your work. Yeah. So when anything else happens, like when the ss a, the Shannon Sharp question about SBBL and the SSA commented. Yeah. The World was, they were, it was a stand thing. It was like co this was not for Coco. And then SSA came out and said, now why would that be a Coco Jones question?


I love ssa. I was like, I I I was really caught off guard by that. But yeah, no, I do feel the energy. And I, and people tell me all the time, like when I see them, they're like, we're so proud of you. Like we are rude of you. I'm like, thank you. I'm like, thank you. I I don't really know how to feel because for such a long time I was like, you, you in your brain are like, ain't nobody, nobody cares. Nobody cares. Really. And then to see, trust me, it was giving Desert island. It's because you had highs and lows. Yeah, that's what I was talking about earlier. Because when you, when you, when the low hit, you were out the way, you weren't doing much anything and then you had to come on the internet. Damn, Lord, She's That's real. She's talked about this Publicly. That's why. Yeah. I literally Obsessed that. Yeah. She had to go online And I did a whole video about this. Yes girl. Oh, okay. People who know No, Because she do that to people.


I ain't gonna tell what you said to John and Majors. That was Crazy. It was not shade that that was really No, No. It's because I'm locked into your journey. And I, I appreciated your journey because you talked about, yo this is what's really happening right now. Even though I don't wanna tell y'all. And that's why I think we like lock in with you because we can identify the ups and downs and it real. Yeah. And you gotta fight the come back and when you come back, it's always good music Facts. And I do appreciate that. I really, really do. I do feel the love And I, I wanna like, give something good in return for the people who care, you know, and, and support me. I'm trying, I want to give something good. So I'm glad that like y'all know that I really, really care about my stuff. Yeah. For real. I'm, I'm trying to make stuff that lasts. But yeah, I, I love what I do And I would, I would do it all again.


Even though it was so uncomfortable at that point for this payoff and for also to inspire the next girl. Like, take it easy on yourself. You have some grace. It don't mean it's you. Sometimes they just don't know. You know? What point did You get to, to that point where you was like, yo bro, I'm doing everything I can do. Mm. I feel like that's always kind of where I was at. I, I couldn't stop doing like, what I loved. 'cause it's, it was still so important to me. But I think when I told, when I did that video about everything that happened, I was like, this might be the last thing I ever do. So I Just keep it real. I'm gonna just keep it real. I don't know What's gonna go after this. But yeah, I feel like that was always my truth. Like I'm, I'm giving it everything I got so I can live with that.


Mm. It's just life in life. You got, if you really believe in God, you gotta respect the process Real period. Real. Like there's, I don't even believe in so-called good or bad. I just believe everything is part of one long process. Yeah. Whatever I'm going through, this is what God want me to go through. I completely agree with that. And I think there's a certain amount of faith too that like, if you know it's on the way, how would you move? That's right. And so sometimes I would post that cover, Ooh, delete the app because I knew the engagement was so low. But if I, if it was on the way, how would I move? I would still do this. I would still put my voice out there. I would still write songs. I would still do videos. I would still do it. You know, I would still go to auditions if I knew it was on the way. Me and my best friend would talk about this all the time. 'cause we were both going through it at the same time. We actually met on Set, me and my best friend we met on a Disney channel show when we were like 14.


So we Who's your best friend? Jalen. Her name's Jalen Baron. She's an amazing actress. We check her out period. She's on a lot of shows and she does her big one. Oh, That's, I know, that's probably best friend. I would never do my best friend like that. 'cause she a clown. Sheena. That's the, when she on I'm crying. I'm crying. Are we getting a, are we getting a season four of Bel Or you can't talk about it? I can talk about it. Okay. We, we do, we're doing the season four. Actually, while I'm on tour, I'll be filming some of it. I'm gonna come back to do my episodes, but it'll be the, the fourth and final season. But I think it's good that we know it'll be the final season so we can do everything with like, the intention of like, okay, let's put a bow on it.


Yeah. And I'm really excited. I think we've done something great that we, you know, it's a blessing to keep people's attention. Yes ma'am. For more than one season. More than one episode. So I'm proud of what we've done And I hope it inspires more black TV shows, you know, that represent us and show networks like this is profitable. Yeah. So keep it up. I'm happy for us. Are you happy? Yeah. Okay. That's all That matters. I am happy. Okay. He gotta make show one last time. No. Are you Happy? Happy. Okay. I, first of all, I know you have good intentions, so I'm not even upset at all at at anything you've asked me. You've seen a lot. You know a lot. And I appreciate, you know, you, you speaking up and saying these things.


So I'm not mad at all. But I am, I'm very happy. Good. I am in personal, in business. It'll all be what it needs to be. That's what I've learned. S Right. I was doing all that stressing That's right. For years trying to figure out how it was gonna happen. Waste of time. That's right. It happened in a way I could have never even planned. Mm. So I have learned And I told God, I was like, I'm never gonna do you like that again? I'm so sorry. Because I like, are you, Are you serious? Wow. Yeah. I be talking to him like, like my friend. I'm like, whoa, what was that? Because you know me And I don't do nothing crazy. So what, what's going on? But yeah, everything happens the way it needs to. So to me I'm like, it's above me quite literally. That's Right. That evil man that you used to date that was trying to remember the guy you talked about in the video that was financing the videos and then stopped.


Oh and like yeah. Him remember? Yeah. Has he ever tried to reach back out to you? Like, oh my god, I'm so sorry. I was, I was wrong. Like, since you talked about it, Emini here. Not on, not on some apology stuff, but yeah. Okay. Really? He be emailing my mama And didn't even apologize. My mama, lemme tell y'all this man tried to ruin my girl. Whoever he is, God don't like ugly 'cause look at you now that taste video is cinema and he is mad. But buddy emailed her mother right after that video. He, so he was helping her in that time when she was building everything back up and he was financing the videos and then he got upset because men are just men and wasn't gonna help her no more. And tried to ruin her because of that. It was basically, It was like a toxic little relationship where like, I do this for you, you do this for me. If you don't do that, then I don't do that.


It was like transactional very, very much. Yeah. Very much. But Emini here at the time, I was like 20. I didn't know what was going on at all in, in life, you know? So, but yeah, I think that was a really important lesson because I was like, I'll never let somebody have that much power over me. Amen. Yeah. It's just too much power. Yeah. To give the one person. But you know, I'm a, I'm literally like, imagine me going from like literally homeschool doing Disney stuff to like actually living at all. Like, it was like, whoa, what the, I was so, I'm so grateful. I'm so grateful that nobody was watching me because I was, I was out. But Tho it takes things like that for you to get to places like this though. Because I was about to ask you like, do you regret that?


But it's like you can't because that was a step in the journey, you know, for you to get where you at now or get where you are now. So yeah, Emini here is your mother emailing back. What's the Subject Line? We laugh. We have to laugh because we like, sir, please love yourself. Make sure Yes. But no, I'm not mad at all. Actually that led to me meeting my therapist who I love. I love, I love, I love So I'm like, everything, everything works out. Love that. Having a great therapist is important. Yes. Coco Jones. Why now? More is available everywhere. You get your music Now, do you want people to buy it? Stream it? I don't even know how to stream It. I want people to buy it. Okay. Stream. I'm sorry. But if you go to, you need to buy that 'cause look the the album equivalent units, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm, oh yeah, buy that album. Just buy it.


I love a streamer. Go ahead and stream if you gonna stream it, but if you gonna do anything, buy it. Buy Me the album y'all. Period. All right. Much continued success Coco. Thank you. I appreciate y Absolutely. And get The tickets for that tour. My baby. About to Go on tour. May 6th. Thank you. Period. You wanna To go to the website or You can go on the real coco jones.com and get my tickets. All it's Coco Jones, The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This episode is brought to you by Purina. This is Samantha from stuff Mom never told you. May is National Pet Month. It's time to reimagine how you care for the cat you love. Pet Tivity is powered by Purina and developed by pet behaviorist veterinarians and technologists to help you provide the best care possible. Petts, smart litter box, monitor and app. Track your cat's weight and litter box behavior, transforming their data into helpful insights and alerting you to changes you may not notice on your own daily and monthly litter box. Behavior and weight tracking can provide a window into your cat's health and empower you to act sooner if something's off. The app also features the Pet Tivity assistance and AI powered chat bot that can answer your pet care. Questions 24 7. With pet expertise and your cat's data always within reach, it's easier than ever to give your cat the story they deserve. Shop the Pet Tivity Smart Litter Box monitor to try this game changing technology. Pet Tivity, powered by Purina.


Hey, Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Spring cleaning. Sure if we have to, but we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's Entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting. They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feat. New premieres returning series, exclusive interviews. The top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the Best Spring streaming picks.