
October is Cybersecurity Awareness Month, and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors for more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed, or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety Terms apply.


Life is the act of custom tion that's true for you and for cars. These sound reimagines, that all new kicks around you. The Bold Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technology. Can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past their dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


State. Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State. Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey, it's me Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out bose.com for more.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Today. Jess Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Jess on maternity leave. We have a special guest in the building, long LA filling in for Jess. We have a special guest that hasn't sit down and just walking around. Yo, have you Seen? Listen, have you seen yourself? Look, look. You ain't even see yourself. Did you see that last Time? That's you? That's, that's not him. Did you see? Did you see? Did you see yourself? It's no way. That's him. If Y'all think We just showing him his picture on the wall. I'm here To play with y'all today. Well, God damnit, I'm not, let me show you. I don't wanna see shit.


They gave us questions. No, you don't have questions. I got a gift. Can I Ask you a question? Did. Oh my God. Okay. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, this one is specials. I like that one. This one. Yours. Look, read it. Read it did sent this. This one is for you. Mm. So where'd you get this from? Because This says see you at the car show that shot Diddy. Who? Car show The streets told me who has car? The streets told me that Baby oil is how ashy Larry. I know y'all became not ashy. Y'all are slippery at ashy. Larry, did you ever use Baby oil instead of lotion? How many bottles did? How Many bottles have? This is a weakened supply for you guys. The boot. Both. These are Old. Where would you Billy?


Brand new. I got a gift for you too. No, these are old You. know when you got these socks. Why socks for? Why do you gimme socks here? Somebody bring some hand towels in here. Nick, I want you to put this picture in here, right? Don Socks. You see this picture Don in between Did he legs On a yacht? Daytime. Listen, that was daytime. Let, that was daytime. That was before 12 midnight between's. 12 midnight. He stayed between Diddy's legs On a yacht. You think he got all of that baby oil? Because he didn't bought. Okay, lemme explain. You didn't buy that Oils you got Baby. Lemme explain. That was a day party. Right? That wasn't Day Party was in was Party. This was in the gift bags on Yacht.


That was the day party. I got the history behind that. That was a day party. Okay. And I'm not, first off, it's a very interesting situation to even bring this up. Right. And I will tell y'all and everybody knows And I know I'll be criticized for this. Yes. And You know. Did he throw some of the best parties you ever go to? But you ain't gotta be between his legs. But listen, You know. You gotta know I was between his leg. R Kelly flew you in. Wait, wait, wait, wait. No. Get close up. Get close up. Shit, yo, you been traffick. You been trafficked so you ain't been trafficked. You ain't been trafficked. I saying you ain't been trafficked. You victim blaming a dinner party. Did you get traffic or not?


I victim. Have you been groomed since Desert Storm? Are you, are you, have you been groomed? You victim ask the question. I got a question. No evidence. My question Lap. Whose lap was better? Diddy's or Wendy's? I don't know what you're talking about. Wow. What? You didn't sit on Wendy's lap. Charlemagne. You did sit on Wendy's lap. Don't, whoa, whoa. You're trying to, you're trying to, you're trying to skip the subject. What did you, okay, what is the definition of trafficking? I what? His definition. When Somebody flies you out, r puts you on a Boat with the So what? The both of y'all, both of y'all was trying with you on a boat with the intention of what? Sex. Okay. I don't know that's the case with you.


No. Wasn't you got flu? Yeah, we were doing a mix tape. And what did, did you ever see him? No. Did he have you in a special room? Yeah. Did he have instances? I had a hotel. No. No. Nothing. Nothing like that. Did you ever see him? No. So you, so you, you are a victim. You are a victim. I'm not a You got traffic tape. They said you got traffic to mud. You like a crossing guard now, sir. Yo, that's what I'm saying. How you get what song was playing? He when he, what song was playing when you was waiting in the room for I like this. What flew me out to do it when he supposed to do mix tape. Don't say flu Flewed. No, he didn't flew flu You know what flu We were doing a mix tape. Bong, bong, bong You know what flud me.


He was mixing it up. Did you complete the mix tape? No, I did Not. But question was you sitting in between Diddy's legs before Slipped was took? I I slipped. Or did you pose for that? I slipped. He poses You were Smiling his hand up. Me smiling. Lemme explain. You slipped and you were smiling. You were here. That was a trip in St. Martin. St. Bart some years ago. And he does a holiday party every year. You were there. And I was there. I was there with a lot, with a lot of other people. It wasn't, oh, now you wanna snitch on other people. Oh yeah. It was, it was Dave Fright. Hey picture ain't I'm snitching, yo, it ain't just me. I don't know Russell Simmons. Yo yo, yo yo his toes. It's old Boing squad. Right. So no, it wasn't no snitch.


That's what you gotta understand. You got this party, you got that party and that party was a great party. My son was, my son was on that yacht with me. We had a great time. So I understand like now, If, you say you went to any party, you just assume it was the freak off. That's what, that it wasn't the case. And we had a good time. You Never got invited to the Freak off. But I, we'll say, I don't know what was in that vodka. 'cause it felt like I had a hole full of hair, hair on that yacht. I don't know. It was something special in that vodka. I was, I felt light skinned for a second. So that's why you have between his legs. No, I didn't. So he started like rubbing the fake Hair? No, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't sit. Yo, he Was braiding your fake hair. I sit yo, you felt like you had hair. So you me, between this, This is his knee, right? What you were leaning in on his, his two knees head. Wow. These are his two knees.


There's one knee right there. I dunno what you talking about. You don't recognize That Ain't me. So Denny was Virginia. This is, okay. So these are the needs. These are Diddy Needs, needs Explain. That's somebody else. That is not me. I Hands on. Somebody else needs Crazy, but I'm just saying, okay, we can assume that every party he had is not a free party. And I will say that event was dope. And I had a good time. And I'm not gonna say free Diddy or anything, but that's all you Say. All you gotta say, free Diddy. I had a great son. This is what you doing. Just got the conversation. We just got Don. Don't, Don't do this. We're friends. And And I stand. Bye my friend. If, you had a great time. I'm not judging you. I didn't say his, his lawyer said some stuff was consensual and You know I'm we judging.


Wow. And did you You know Brother here's Did you take your brother though? You know what my brother said. I will say my brother called me. He said, I'm mad at you. He, no, he didn't say I, he said, I'm mad at you. And when he talk like that, you gotta talk to him back like that. He said, I'm mad at you. I said, what you mad at me for? Right? He said, why you ain't, this is what my brother said. He said, why you ain't tell me about the Diddy party? He said, I would've signed a paper. And I would've brought my own oil. Damn. That's what my brother said. Damn. He's about that life. Damn. He about that life. And he said he wanted flew you too evvy. He Wanted, Since you getting flu, You hot out here in the streets, man. Since you getting flu. Oh My goodness. Why we can't talk about that?


We, we just did flew you too. What you got? You got no got, man. What's wrong with you? I want ask some questions. Prepared your own questions, because I ain't never seen it. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. How are you? Whoa, whoa, whoa. I do this. How are you? Whoa. The only question for Here we go. Okay, here's the question. The only way for a person to truly grow is, is to feel small first. Because when people truly keep it real with you is going to touch your inner child and bring you back to the feeling of fear and failure, instead of taking criticism as an attack. How can you, and this goes to anybody in this room. How can you take that honest feedback and learn from it? How can you create an environment where those in your inner circle aren't just telling you what you want to hear, but what you need to grow?


And that question is for you, Charlemagne, how do you answer that question? Let's discuss. I didn't, he wasn't listening to you. You said he definitely wasn't listening to you. He just, I'm, I'm, I'm Are these like affirmation cards I wanna talk about you and Dr. Uma. You had Dr. Umma on your podcast. I did have, it was a great interview. And He, he tried to do an intervention with You Know Doctor because you love first off snow buns. First off, you love Snow bunnies. First off on Easter, I've been known to hop. I'll just tell you, I'll tell you only on Easter. Yo. Yo. Only on Easter. I've On occasion, I've been known to hop on Easter. But Dr.


Omar Omar did do my podcast and it was a good, it was a good interview. Did you have to pay him? No, I didn't have to pay him. Okay. No, but it was good. I I think you had something to do with that too. You got a relationship with him If. you did. That's my guy. I appreciate that. But it was a conversation. Did he have an intervention with you? Huh? He didn't have an intervention. And this is what every interview, every platform. And this is what I wanted to do. Everybody has a sense of humor. Yep. But you didn't know if Dr. Omar has a sense of humor. He's one of the most funniest people. He's funny alive. He he's funny Outta all. I see him. Is this part of his face being wrinkled up and yelling at somebody? Right? Yeah. Pan African American. What is it? Pan-Africanism. Happy Pan-Africanism. Yes. Whatever it is. African Niggas is whatever. Mad Tomato. Tomato man. I got you. Gotcha. But I did have conversation with, I was like, do he ever laugh? And the first thing when he, now you could go and, and If you subscribe to my YouTube page, the Donne Rawling Show.


It comes out this week. But I had a very good conversation with him because I said, every time you see him, it's always being angry. How? Why can't you create dialogue with people that you don't necessarily agree with or disagree with without being upset. I course, and we had a great conversation. It was a great conversation. It's gonna be on my, my show. The Donelle Rollin Show on YouTube. Okay. That you don't subscribe to. So do you subscribe to it? Yeah. No you don't. You don't. You lying. Pull your phone out. Pull your phone out. What's your next Question? Please, sir? Next question. You still, so you happen again? It's Easter. Okay, here's another one. DJ Envy. Oh boy. You've been silent about car shows lately. Do you have any intent on doing another car show or dabbling back into real estate?


Let's Discuss. I just had a car show about a couple of weeks ago. Had 15,000 people there. You did? Yes. Okay. Next question. How is flipping New Jersey? I don't, I don't know. This will be cut up. I, I dunno. I, I'm, I don't know. So, Alright. Just see, this is drugs do go to the Donne Rawlings Donnell Rawling show and Subscribe. Oh this, see this is a different one. I would subscribe to This one. Yeah, do that. Yeah, do that. To Answer a serious question. Yeah. It's been seven months since your Netflix special. Yeah. Now that some time has passed. Yeah. Has it changed your career at All? I don't think it's changed my career, but I do think that it is, it gave people opportunity that wasn't familiar with me as a standup comedian to see that I'm a good standup.


Okay. And you never know. It's like it's hit or miss with that. Some of those specials. It may be something that it pops and next thing You know, you are, you are a household name or you being introduced to it. But it's hard. I, I'm, I notice the difference in my, my ticket sales also know when I go around people You know, show me a lot of love and say, I really appreciate it when you're gonna do it. Do the next one. But it, what if it, it was something that just said to my career. But And I tell people, even before the special drop, I was in a good place with selling tickets. People being familiar with me as a, what do you wanna say? Actor, comedian. So it was another little notch on the belt. And I'm, I'm already working material if I have that situation again to do another one.


'cause I did learn, I did learn a lot by, and that's special. People always say, well, I seen them being funnier. I saw so-and-So, but in that moment, that day, in that moment, I thought I was the best that I could be. I Thought it was, I thought it was pretty funny. Did you see some of the reviews that were out there? No. Because I see, like for instance, rotten, rotten Tomato gave you three tomatoes, right? Three Outta what? Three tomatoes? Three outta nine Outta 10, right? Three. Yeah. Three outta, three outta five. Actually three stars outta five. That's not bad. That's average. I mean, You know. I don't go by that. Guess who guess what? Rotten Tomatoes. No, I just wanna say this. Rotten Tomatoes gave Tyler Perry's last movie. Horrible reviews. But guess what it did in the box of office? And guess what it did for the people that know him.


So You know I could take that with a grain of salt, but I'm here for it. Yeah. Somebody They said Ash Larry cannot do standup. His jokes are probably taken from AI chat box with bad instructions. I laugh barely once You know. Let Him be talked to you like that. But No, but, but I was gonna say I loved it. I I thought it Was great actually. No, continue. What are other comments? That was somebody, somebody said that it might not win any awards or hit top 10. But I will say this and this is, I know you fully, shit, this is so weird. Okay, so here's the thing. What's wrong with that? That my special charted for three weeks on Netflix. Also, not that I won anything but the special, and this might not mean anything to my else, but it made denomination ballot for Emmy this year. So next Liar.


It didn't win. But the fact that, here's the thing, people like this, you're not gonna win. It didn't make till next joint in this business. First thing you wanna do is be in a conversation with other people. If I could be in that conversation, that means somebody else is introduced to me. And I, I can move on to it. Next question. Did you go Didn't play with you like that? I I've seen his stand up. I think He You know what it's You know. I go to all his specials. I go to all his stuff. I, I ain't seen you sir. No You know when you played that, when you had Shi Lip or something, you was like, when you was like, oh, what's gonna happen Man, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta remove myself from here, man. We do. We started Yo, you selling like Woody in the YSL trial.


Sir, you sound like Woody. I'm coming anymore now you sound like Woody in the YSL trial. Brought you more up here. Come to your show. You have. But that was before You know. You almost caught that charge, sir. My goodness. You know what I'm saying? When it was, when it was got that pressure time. So you just disappeared sir. Oh my Goodness. You said on your It's Yo, you alright? Okay. No, you caused that on yourself. I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you. Don't do that. I'm gonna get you. That's, that's Woody Woodie. Why see on Child, don't do that. And. I. I'm gonna get you 'cause I'm gonna see you. I'm gonna get you. Go ahead Lauren. Go ahead Lauren. Yo. Woody is the fastest killer in the United States of America. No, Woody is hilarious. Yo. He said, I take, look, this Woody would be like this. If I see you at the car show, I'm gonna get you. I'm gonna pull up and I'm gonna get you.


I ain't gonna play with you. I'm gonna get you. I'm I'm gonna get you. I'm, I'm gonna see you. I'm gonna see you. I'm gonna see you. I'll get you. Go ahead Lori. Next question. Darnell too white. That's a thing. People say that To you too. White. Yeah. You know what I've heard that. And I'll tell you why for real. I'll tell you. This is the reason why in this business, when we first started, especially Def Comedy Jam circuit, right? We did not have a lot of outlets to showcase your stuff. So we had to create rooms, terminal D, the Manhattan Propers, the other club in Jersey. We had to make our own black pocket of comedy. We didn't wait for white people to say, oh, you come in here. And then a lot of comics in my era got labeled as a Def Jam act.


Just completely def Jam If. you did Def Jam. It was hard to get booked in mainstream rooms. Could be like this. Oh, he's a Def Jam act. He's gonna be doing, he's only gonna be talking about this. But I've been lucky enough that when I started, I realized that I need to do the Chitlin circuit. I need to do the black circuit. But I always was interested in doing mainstream and doing other stuff than just for black people. And once in my community, once a comedian does that, and he has the crossover ability, I didn't say sellout, crossover ability. They assume that you are a white comic. They assume that. 'cause I have relationships with Joe Rogan and Burke Reers and those people from there. They assume that. But anybody that come to my show, you go to my show, you can't tell where my base is.


Yeah. When you go to my show, you'll see Black, you'll see white, you'll see Asian, you'll see handicapped, you'll see he, she dazed and thems And I. And, and I've been able to do that. And a couple years ago you got guys like, so I mean like earthquake, some more DC Don Curry. These are some legends. Legends. Legends. And they've been doing this circuit for a while. They've been making a lot of money doing the circuits. You know, you see these concerts come around, you always gonna hear their names. And I asked a promoter once And I was doing one of those shows, I said, how did they miss me? You know, how did they keep missing me? He was like, well Darnell, I pitched you for this show. He said, but a lot of the promoters think you're a white comedian. And part of that is because I'm sure of it, my association with Dave Chappelle If, you go to a Dave Chappelle concert or show, it's a mixed group of people.


But People don't remember Dave was, Dave was the, the everybody thought he was the white comic. And tell Chappelle Show, I tell people all the time, there's no, it's discredit. I was like Dave, he was ahead of everybody when he started with Robin Hood Men tights, whatever. Right? He was like the the chosen one. Woodby Goldberg, Mel Brooks, that was a fan. And for the most part the black community, they didn't know him like that. Nah, not touch. But the college community, like the NACA and everything. He was one of the biggest names on the college circuit. Right. But killing Me softly was so big. Killing him softly. But really what broke him and You know it's a credit to the team that he put together. I would honestly say the Chappelle Show is really what gave him street creds when everybody saw that he was a beast.


Yeah. And you got talent that go through that. Chris, Chris Rock example where Chris Rock was on SNL, he, I think he felt kind of similar to what I feel like, wait a minute man, I'm Black You. know what I'm saying? Like yes, I appeal to these white people mainstream, but I need to, that's why one of Chris Rock's biggest special was bigger and black. He black. And the reason why he has something to prove, that's why he chose to put it at the, at the, at the Apollo. That's why he chose to come and let y'all know motherfucker, I can do this shit for white people. But I don't care how crossover you are as a black comedian, nothing's going to ever make you feel as good as being able to entertain your own people. Shared likes. The stuff that resonates, the stuff that you talk about growing up, the cookouts and all that type shit.


That shit feel good. But it's also something to be said that you can cross over. When I started working in New York, the Comedy Cellar like one of the best, it's one of the most prestigious clubs in the country. And I wanted to get passed in that club, not to be a dude that hang out there and take the picture to the back. I was like, If, you guys say this is where the best comedians go. That's why I wanna be there. As soon as I got past I start fucking with it. That's crazy though. 'cause I've seen a lot of comedians, white and black. And even the stuff that you touch on the show I came to remember I told you, I'm like, it was when the Diddy Cassie stuff first happened. And I went hit it right off the riff. And I was like, if he don't touch that, he's not the essence of like, it I grew up on.


Was it funny? First of all, I was surprised that he did it. And then when he did it, it was so funny. And I was watching the crowd. I was like a little nervous 'cause it had just happened. But You know why I did. People were, they were, it was, people were laughing. I like, what Was the joke? It was, I forgot. I, I said something about, I know one thing Diddy won't throw the towel in. Right. And then I did the, When I tell y'all said And, I was like three shots in, I'm like, they gonna get him. Somebody here gonna record this. But they were in, they were having a great time. I was like, whoa. And The reason why I did it You know my brand And I hit y'all all the time too soon with Don Rollins. I said to myself, You know like the the, the raws comedians are the ones that hit it right out the gate. And whenever there's a joke that I'm nervous about and I'm like, ah man, there's a chance that they not may not fuck with me.


I get canceled. That's the one I'm gonna go to. 'cause that's the one nobody else is gonna do. But I also, there's a fine line of telling a joke and being disrespectful and out of pocket You know, like I didn't make fun of that situation because I know that it was a, a bad situation. But the fact that this motherfucker ran outta the hall and then dropped that towel and he went in by Dexter, he went from one hand to the next hand. That at in that moment, that was funny. Next question. Damn. The Ken b Mutombo died. Really? Oh my God. Yeah. Wow. He died of brain cancer. So you man, tell me you're not really paying attention to me in This interview. No. In the middle of your interview. No, I did. Somebody the fuck You talking about How you checking your motherfucker text in the middle of my show? How do you feel like that every time you come a bitch? I feel like he has no respect for you.


Doesn't paying attention. How Do you feel is the Darnell two white thing, the reason you fired your whole crew and hired an all black crew? No, I didn't fire. That was part of If. you go to the podcast, subscribe to the Don Rollin show. It wasn't that, but this what it was. I was feeling like, wait a minute, there's a lot of white people around here. Like a lot And I said, lemme make a change. So You fired your all white crew? No. They still there. Huh? They still work for you. You know them niggas get you the money. So Oh, over there? Yeah. Oh, oh yeah. WTF Yeah. I don't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't fire anybody. Oh, okay, Okay. They don't work for you. No, I don't say that. Say that. I just moved in. I wanted to be a experimental and moved in a, in a different direction. So you define Anybody You know that's how White people do it.


And I fired. No, we're gonna move in a different direction. That's what it was. Next question. Now I'm looking up thinking on, on the do roll show. You said A toxic man is worse than a toxic woman. I said in in that show, I said, what's worse than being in a toxic relationship with a woman is having a toxic relationship with a man that you work with. And I know that Envy in Charlamagne. This is where you guys can connect with that. What you mean the toxicity in this room? Yep.


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastor Dreams. I'm in from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered with over 25 years in the mattress industry, Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by master craftsmen ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and ship conveniently to your front doorstep for free. Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing you are making the right choice. Visit brooklyn bedding.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off site-wide sale going on now.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com.


High five Casino


moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


I don't always get along And the worst thing is, but that we're Not supposed to always get Along. I know, but I said the worst thing is like having a toxic relationship that should be reserved for somebody that you in love with you dating, married or whatever like that. But when you start having that type of relationship in the workspace, that's when it's crazy. 'cause then you be like this. What the fuck am my arguing? It is that Toxic. Huh? Ain't toxic. In toxic. And we you said we don't agree but it ain't toxic. I mean I beg to differ. I don't know. I gotta suit on. I've been wanting to say that sentence since I Sat down. Yo, you cannot wear a suit and not say I beg you Difference That be Wait to wait If you to say that. To say what? And your point is, alright, continuing with your comment, what did you say? I saw Teddy swims.


Hi. He was Happy News Con Charles, when I'm not next to you, I love that song. He Saw you singing about Diddy and Using song. So anybody sing about Diddy? I said this something gotta controlling me lately. And I don't know myself anymore. Feels like The World is all closing it. Oh don't you do that? And the devil is what? Don't you do that hot on my mind. How many times did I tell you not gonna come up? And I. Don't give a fuck. This is my last time up here. Are you a swifty still? Well hold on. Said Teddy said that was the top five moment of his life.


Was what You singing that song on stage? You didn't see That? Yeah. I mean, yeah he did. Yes. I wanna say he slid in my dm but he communicated in the DM for me with somebody. But it was good. I liked the song. The funny thing about it, black guy singing, being a fan of Teddy Swim, most black people don't swim. So that's very ironic. But I like his music. It's very passionate. And If, you listen to that album, I think that I, I might need therapy. I forget the name of it, but it was, that album reminded me of it put me in the mindset of when Usher did Confessions, when Anthony Hamilton did like his joint, somebody that's actually going through it in their life and it resonate through their music. He's a dope artist. I think that that albums only came out like last year's.


I've Tried everything but therapy. Yep. And I know you're like that 'cause you on that therapy shit. It's perfect. Yeah, you would like a lot of those songs. You'll be like this. Oh my God, this is my life. Are you still a swifty? I don't fuck with that bitch now. Dang Him. Cool. All right. I ain't queen. No, They in your like they in your mission. I can't call her Queen though. They about to put that picture. Listen, they about to take that picture of you, Diddy and Russell White Queen and run it all through social media. I don't think you're supposed to call white women. Why anymore? Why this? I'm just joking. It was just a moment. It was. We had a moment. We had our time. We had our time. The song, what was the song I like? Hello? No it wasn't now it was anti-Hero. It's me. Hi. I'm the Pro. 'cause that's when I was going through a point in my life where, and You know this as a mental head motherfucker sometimes mental head, sometimes mental health nigga, whatever you call yourself mental health advocate.


Yeah. You know. Sometimes you have to look in the mirror and ask myself, is it me? Is it you? Am I the problem? And even the relationship, like you was talking about on my podcast, I talked about toxic relationship with a guy that you work with. And this is why I had to self-check myself because I, one particular person I work with, I said I'm gonna do everything. This person needs to make them happy or get what they need to get done. Did he I, yeah. I did everything. I did a pre-production meeting. I I just did a lot. I was like, okay. It was a idea he had. I didn't like the idea but I said You know what? I could be a guy, be like, man, fuck the idea. Or I could be the bigger person say how can I contribute to making him happy.


And I said it's a whack idea but I can still make it work. I did all that. Then I came to work and we still had an issue and that's where the toxicity came in. 'cause I'm like, you can't win. I did everything. I'm like, And I snapped. And one thing I say about this podcast, I don't like this what I'm doing now, it's not the traditional podcast. I call it a reality show about a podcast. 'cause some of the interesting things are the things that we talked about before the show and after the show. And. I didn't want to have a podcast. Where? And on this week we got so-and-So I wanted to, it is sort of like somebody said, it's like like almost like Curb Your Enthusiasm and Chappelle show on a podcast. You don't know if it's real You know if it's fake. Sometime we have some pranks, sometimes we have sketches. But it's different.


And I. Think the Pivotal episode is gonna be when you used Words like that. Pivotal. I have a suit on The Pivotal. It's his tie is Pittable tough. Don't do this. He guys' paying attention to you. I Dunno, If you realize that. But I think that this episode that features Dr. Omar, I think people get to see me in a different light in doing some other things. Yeah, I doubt it. You. So Why are y'all so mean? Him You know why You know he wasn't paying attention. That's all what he said. I'm literally crafting a whole situation. 'cause that Dec like all that stuff is happening right now. Right? And. I, listen. So You know now attention to I'm listening to everything he just said. I'm watching. I see you type in your phone. You what? I'm mbo And I sent the email to get the statement.


Disrespect is crazy but I'm listening to you and I'm watching how the only thing he looked up to say was, I doubt that. Well, he's Great. Nobody's paying attention. He's his phone showing me was the baby disrespect. I'm, I'm at least looking at you. The Fans. I'm looking at Him. Let's talk about your tour dates. Darnell. Yeah. I got October the fourth. I'm gonna be at njpac Victoria Theater New Jersey. Yeah. And then October, the October 10th and 12th improv Illinois 10th improv. I I got a a whole bunch of dates. If. you go to Improv Texas at the weekend after? Yeah. If. you go to donne rollins.com. It's all my days. I got, I'm booked up until 2025. And I will say this 'cause the question is always all right. He just did a special, will it be any new jokes? The when, the minute, the day that my special drop, I was already 35 minutes into a new set.


So If, you come to see my show, you're not gonna get any repeat jokes. And it's gonna be, it's, it's gonna be fun. And I'm I'm I'm on it. Do You let your son watch your standup Yet? He come, he performs. Oh. Oh man. He got a, I gotta tell you You know every kid loved that song. They not like us. They not like, I don't care how old y'all, they just, they, I don't know if they know what the song means. And they changed. They got a version of something like they ride the bus or something like that. I don't know that. No. My son and his friends, they say the real song and their favorite And I. Like the song I be running around house didn't not like us. And their funny part, favorite part is say Drake Heard you young heard you like, I'm young. Yeah, you better never end up here. What is it? One that's their, their favorite part. And that's one of my parts.


So my bro, my son was with his friends You know my, my, my baby mother's a lot younger than me and they were just having a conversation. Right. And one of the little mathematician motherfuckers said, how old is your daddy? Austin? Right. Wow. Look. Then the other one say, how old is your mama? Right. And they start You know when kids start adding up on their fingers, they start counting on their fingers like this and looked at, they said, oh we know why your father liked that song so much. Right. Oh my God. And then the kid said, Hey uncle, we heard you like 'em young. Wow. And then my son said, Hey dad, we heard you like 'em young And. I was like If, you don't get your little ass outta my face. But he call, he'll go on stage. He'll go on stage. Who keeps Funny of yours than Gerald Kelly?


I can't really. Gerald Kelly's kids are more polished and they take it serious. I think my son, when I'm on the road, he goes to me, I think he likes the idea of like, I want to do what Daddy does. He's not taking it seriously. And I'm not pushing him in that direction. You know anybody you would think, especially If, you got a son. You your every dad is feelings like this. Oh, I want them to follow my footsteps, whatever. But I And, I tell him one time he, I said, what you wanna do? He said, I wanna be in entertainment. I'm like, nah, I don't do that. 'cause I know what it comes with this job. I'm like, you don't wanna do this. And I was like, why do you want to do this? And he said, can y'all pay attention? Not even Pay attention. Darnell. They're not even looking at, I'm Listening you saying why wanna do this?


Because I'm sitting here trying to figure out why you didn't let him be in entertainment. You be trying to push me to get on stage because I think you're funny. Y y'all Are so disrespectful. I'm listening. I'm active this back To Ken Bay. He's in his phone. Go ahead bro. No, the reason why, I'll tell you why I wanna push you and the reason I won't push my son 'cause my son doesn't have no excitement about it. And when I asked him what gang? No, lemme explain. He don't, he says like, daddy, I wanna do, he's not like that. He'll be, I say, why do you wanna do entertainment? He said Daddy, 'cause you inspire me. That's good. That's good. But the thing is, I told him, 'cause my son sometimes he get emotional. Right. And, I tell him I said Listen If, you gonna do this. You gotta have tough skin. 'cause I said 95% of the time you gonna get rejected. People are gonna hate on you. They're not gonna support you.


So if this is something you really wanna do, you gotta have tough skin to do it. Or don't even think about do it. I tell anybody that If you can't handle beginning of it. If you can't handle being broke most of your career then don't do it. You know. And that's why I don't encourage 'em. But I support him. Sometimes he wants to go on, sometimes he don't. He just cares about being in the green room ordering chicken fingers and, and Shirley Temples with, with with extra cherries. And you selling socks though. He's Key though. Yeah, I do. That he Gave me, that's crazy because you barefoot in the pictures with did he socks. I So did you start wearing socks? Because, because it was slippery on the boat. Wow. Whoa. It was slippery On the boat. I know you like this color that's for you. Pink gave y'all all Up. Can you tell us which rooms were slippery on the boat? I don't Specific room.


The safe room. It was a safe room. All 75 20% spandex. That Means 5% El last aint elastic. That means it's a quality sock. You go to don rollins.com and you'll get it. But I will say, Why did you smell like weed? Oh, they was in my bag. They was in bag. You got weeds in the shop. I I know you'd enjoy that but, and the reason why I I, because I know I've been around you. You got a funny sense of humor. I And I. I just Who? Lauren? Yeah. Oh yeah. She always you a fucking and she'll call me. She'd be like, she really excited not about stand up about doing improv. And I ain't, I ain't mad at that. But certain people, I just think they have a natural ability and they should give it a shot. And I always. And she would like, I'm not gonna do it. I even, I told her to come to my show in Jersey.


No. And what Happened? She wasn't it Did I come You sh Yes. You mi me. Yeah, I did. Why would I get on? I'm not a standup. Comedy is so different. Yes. Why are you encouraging her To kill than wanting to like wanting to improve improv? It goes into so many different things. It goes into like wit here and reporting into like just things. But what I said not getting on stage. But I think comedy co comedians should be very honest with people who should not be comedians. Yes. Hardest thing to do on stage is standup Comedy. Guess what? Like I can talk, we have a good time, especially if we drinking, but I hear you. But Standup comedy is like, I hear you. I'm listening. I hear This is you do to black women and this is how this, but now I know I didn't know you hopped every other Easter, but now I understand. I said one Easter month. Are you, why? Whenever Easter come, that's Why you aggressively why are you, why Are you angry?


I'm not aggressively calm down. Because Everybody thinks you're angry Donella. And this is why. Yeah, they they think you're an angry Comic. I'm gonna tell you why. 'cause you say everybody And I. Don't tell everybody that. I don't tell everybody. And the reason why I said the position you in And I know you said you host things. Right. It don't require jokes though. Like Real jokes. But what I'm saying is joke. When I told you don't think joke. Just be funny. Just be likable. What advice Would you give? Oh, she's single. What advice would you give her? The fact that she's single right now. She can't tell Man why? She don't know how to shut up. No, I'm just You want real? You didn't telling me that since the first time we hung out. He literally has. I shut the fuck. And he said that's reason I should be a comedian. Listen to my face every shut the fuck up.


Ah, just go up to there and shut it up. You know how you get a me, you want me, you wanna get a man. Please shut the fuck up. Up. And even If, you don't do it all the time. Lord. Know the science and the art of New England when I'm shouting up right now and I'm letting you go's. But That's, that's not a real shut the fuck up. It's not because You know I'm, I can't wait. Look At your face. You like at the hood. Yeah. It's simple. This is how you maintain relationship because y'all be Saying stupid stuff. Want us to sit and shut up. You about to make me cry. Like Tyrese up here. Don't do that. All right. If somebody don't take that nigga phone, please man, I'm so sick of this nigga.


Okay. Me cry. But every other minute nigga do. You gotta cry for everything. There's no reason for a man to cry. The man Was grieving. The man was talking. Yeah. Shut the fuck up. Tyre. The man was talking about his mom passing his sister passing Paul Walker. John Singleton. He has he's he is divorced. He is divorced. The man's grieving. Cut it out Donna. No, I see why they say I know so white. But He cry about everything. Black people can't have feelings and haven't express their opinions. That that's, I don't even that cry once, yo, I even suggested we come up with a cry day once Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, cry day. Yeah. When men get together you just cry. But you can't just be crying every other day. Anytime. Something Crying. About what though? Why would you anything? You ain't even gotta have a reason. Just get together, have a couple drinks and just cry and get it out.


You cry. And the reason why 'cause If, you don't, when you finally cry, your face looked like Tyrese's face when you That was a cry. He should cry years before that. That what more do you want from me? Cry son. Come on son. He got mad at me. He got mad at me son. You crazy. He called you? No, he dmd me. Right. What? What'd he say? He was like, yeah, I expect that from people. I don't know. 'cause I did a meme, You know that face. Right. The Michael Jordan. I did a meme with it and he took it personal and he said take the post down. And. I was like, I'm not, did you take It down? He sent you a voice note or he wrote you a paragraph. What? Does that make a difference? I wanna know. No it was a, it was a voice. No it was a, it was a text. The demon. You didn't take it down. No, I ain't take it down. For what? For what? To please him.


Have you seen him yet? That nigga don't fuck with me When you see what I'm just saying cry. But I know men, black men, we cry. We do. He sound like Sidney Portier When the last time you cry. Darn. He Need to cry. That's why I'm so angry. Black men don't cry And black women need to shut up to Get a man You. know what? And guess how many better situations if men cry and women shut the fucked up your face don't wanna do it. You like holding it shit. You like this? What I'm, you look like one more Jesus Christ. Do you want from me? Jesus. I only think I want. When the Last time you cried Darnell. It was what? Something with my son.


I did something with my son that reminded me of a relationship I didn't have with my father. Aw, why you laughing? No, I'm not laughing yo. Come on. Whoa man. Cut it out laughing. You don't never stop at you man. Mental health nigga. And you be fucking with niggas mental, mental Health man. Yo. Yo. You got on record. Y'all ain't shit. Y'all talked about my father dying. Y'all laughed at me. You did it. Yes you did. And then we went viral because I said when I grew up Right. And then y'all said we not gonna laugh at you. And immediately fucked with my childhood trauma immediately all your mental health shit went out the goddamn window.


Well what You are a comedian. You funny. That don't mean I don't have, I can't cry. That don't mean I don't have emotions. That's true. But what was it that you did with your son? I don't know. I can't remember. You said you was something that you never did with your dad. With your dad? Yeah. What talk? Nah, I didn't talk. I just, this okay. I don't know exactly when I cry, but this is when I get the most emotional. When I look at my son at the age he is right now. And we have an experience that I didn't experience with my dad. You know. That's one of the reasons why I'm so, so much into my son's life. 'cause I look at him, my son at seven, at eight, at nine. I was like, where was my dad then? My dad was locked up then. So I get emotional about that.


But I don't really, I ain't fucking crying on tape. I ain't throwing no tissues up and crying for everything. And I. Just think that I do black men cry. But you ain't gotta cry all the time. But we know you cry. The Burger, the Burger King line. If the Burger King drive through is closed, it's closed. You gonna cry about that. It's okay. I wouldn't have it my Way. You don't have to be Brooklyn tough all your Life. Okay? I'm not there. I got a suit on And I. Beg your pardon? What you talking about? We Love you Don. I Don't like to use that word salon. How many, that's how you pronounce it in Korean. Next question. Pronounce what? Pronounce What? I love you Lan Hamida. You don't like humble Don. We love you Donne. No, no, no. I understand that. Where I don't want it from is from y'all. I know for a fact when you was on that yacht with Diddy, he wanted love because that's how he is. He like, gimme a hug. Oh, he gave love. Oh he gave you some love.


Pull me a drink. What I remember from that yacht, and this is going back to what you Remember What? Wow. You Said, so What I know is that what I saw was like our kids playing with his kids. I saw a family connection again. I don't know what happens at like I talked to you on the phone. I don't know what happens at three co o'clock in the morning. Right. He wasn't on the board at three o'clock in the morning. No, he was gone. I wanted to stay day leave Three o'clock Clock three co clock in Morning. So you wanted to stay though, Huh? I mean that's for, I mean you Got to leave before three cold o'clock. Yeah, three co o'clock. You be, you be having that Bobby Brown after that. Jesus Christ. What? I know.


And I know people like this. Yeah. But you're defending anytime you say anything that's a positive light or how you knew a person. They saying you support that, whatever. But I know the event that we went to and the people that was there, it was all Positive family Oriented. It was all positive, family oriented. It was a good time. That's what I know. Alright, Well we appreciate you for joining us. Do All this baby oil when you Leave. That's I'm I bet you won't be here tomorrow morning. I bet you I'm taking this. I bet you you got to. And he'll save one for just for when she come back. I, I'm gonna tell you what Didi told you. Put some on your ankles man. I I Can. I know you ain't coming here with ashy ankles telling me to cry. It's cold outside. I know them ankles ain't as telling me to be quiet With your ankles, Man. See, see what I'm talking about your Ankles. I'm talking ankles. Let your was tapped. I'm Gonna say. And they like real ashy like you.


That's only in the corner part because ankles. Let your Tims tap Donelle. I go No, I know you gonna put your bandaids on them ankle Tomorrow. No, Now we appreciate you. You didn't think for your picture up there, we put your picture on the wall. Nona. Nona. No, you put your picture on the wall with all the greats that's up here And you should Nun's sister nun lan me die. Don't my sister And I can't I said Shut up. It's not a lot of C on this wall either, though. She could be quiet. Why They throw that? It's not a lot of standups. Look, you got 85 South Sha. I stand up up. Y'all got me bending over. Pause. You Definitely bending over. That's Up. We And who you painted that didn't you? Evvy underweight. That was your part. You got that part. You said gimme the PenFed. You got baby oil in.


I was gonna say it's that baby got baby oil in your head. And we did this way before the didn't. That was Was baby. That was the level of disrespect continues in this room. I just wanna say in closing, EP Tuck, chop You. know what that means. What? Shut up. Well, darn. We appreciate you for joining us. Fuck you. Uck Chop, don't I? Anklet. Don't worry about my ankles. I trust me, I'm not the only one. Not worried. You ain't worried. Worried about anything. Ladies Rawling, make sure y'all go to darnell rolls.com for all his tour dates, man. Subscribe to the Don Rawling show. It's a new podcast. It's a reality show by the podcast. October 4th, I'm at NJ PAC to Victoria Secret. Victoria Theater, Dick. God damn. What the hell?


What more do you want from me? And don't put the mic on your forehead like that again. Y'all had that politician making niggas go to sleep up in here. Cut it out. So it was boring and shit. Wrap that shit up. Goodbye, Darnell. Peace. Get The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast. Club


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C, Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's in beef head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have A pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com I five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com I five. Casino


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


October is cybersecurity Awareness month and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky, while updating your passwords to be more unique as a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors for more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety. Terms apply.