
This is an iHeartPodcasts. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where Drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars. And The Stars App.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


You've probably heard that sickle cell disease affects a lot of black folks. It's more common than you think, and for those living with it, blood transfusions help with their daily battles. But did you know that one in three black blood donors is a match for patients with sickle cell disease? That means you have the power to make a difference. So show up for one another because finding a match can mean everything. Donate today@redcrossblood.org slash our blood because blood saves lives. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We Have Dr. Rheeda Walker. Welcome back. Good morning. Thank you. It's great to be here with you all. Great to have you. Dr. Rheeda Walker is the author of one of my favorite books ever. The Unapologetic Guide To Black Mental Health, I recommended to everybody. And you are celebrating the fifth Anniversary of the release of the Unapologetic Guide To Black Mental Health. Jesus. Christ's time don't be playing. Boy. Yeah. Emini here. Five years, God is good. And, And I never would've expected that the book would have had the impact that it's had. You know, meeting you, you know, being able to talk to you. All the folks who have, you know, come to me and said the book has changed their life. You know, that they buy the book for their family members and for friends. They have book club meetings. It's just, you know, it's, it's, it's been a blessing.


I Remember when I read it, Debbie Brown, our, our, our good sister Debbie Brown, she, she, she gave me the manuscript And I read it on vacation And I remember reading it and saying to myself, where has this book been all of our lives? Well, it's been, you know, it's been a process. So I, I earned my PhD more than 20 years ago. And, you know, working on trying to understand specifically for black people, you know, our experiences and trying to integrate that into the larger landscape of mental health that you all know has exploded. You know, trying to merge what I know as a black woman and I'm a first generation college student, my parents didn't go to college. And merging my reality with what I was learning and the research that I was engaged in and trying to train PhD clinical psychology students, you know, that's, it took time.


So it took a little time for me to get here, but I'm here. Yeah. I noticed that it is not just about mental health. It's specifically for black mental health. Right. Like why is it so, why is it important to be unapologetic about who this book is for? I'm so glad that you asked that because as you all know, oftentimes, you know, black people get lumped in with minorities. One of the labels that we use in academia is, is Bipoc. So black. And we include folks with indigenous people of color. But we know that black people have a very specific and unique way of just living life, of doing things. We've learned mental health from the generations before us and in ways that weren't always helpful.


You know, we learned not to talk about our feelings and emotions like we learned that, like what we learned impacted who we are. While at the same time dealing with racism, dealing with microaggressions, you know, folks saying, you know, pull yourself up by the bootstraps and we don't even have boots. You know, that is a reality for us and we need to be able to talk about that. And that's part of what makes the book unapologetic, is that I said, yeah, we're not talking about everybody. We just talking about black people. Yeah. Now that's not that It hasn't helped other folks. And I've had people from many communities, you know, gay, straight, black, Asian, we've all, people from many different communities have said that the book has helped them. Yeah. Which is fine, you know, great. Get what you need from the book. But I wrote it for us, How do you handle black people who still think therapy is just white people shit it.


Well, I say, you know, God bless you. And then I talk to them about things that in, in their language. And I think that's part of what made the book resonate Absolutely. Is talking to folks in ways that make sense to us. And that's one of the reasons it had to be for us, because we talk a certain way. And I use that in the book. And so, you know, I ask folks about their worry. I ask folks about problem sleeping, like in the black community, we have a lot of problems with sleep and don't even, we normalize it. And so I talk about the day-to-day kinds of things that people experience, but have normalized. And then they say, Hmm, and then we can start to have a conversation from there. I gotta, you gotta meet folks where they are. Yeah. Like, and that's, that's one of, I introduced the idea of psychological fortitude in the book because we say mental health, as you all know folks start thinking, oh, someone's crazy.


They hearing and seeing things that aren't there. Okay, let's just move by that. Let's, let's, let's keep it moving. Let's figure out how I can help people with a different kind of language. It's been five years. What surprised you the most about the impact of the book? Oh my goodness. I think probably the degree to which people who are not black have said that the book has helped them. Really. And I think it's because there are some dimensions of mental health that are universal. You know, people worry, you know, people have difficulties with sadness and low moments. And so what I do in the book is to talk about what do you do with that? So given those moments and, and they, you know, they're transient. Like sometimes it's here, sometimes it's not.


If we don't address it, it can escalate. And so I talk about that because we're humans. So it relates to, it relates for a lot of different communities. And if you could add one chapter now, right? It's been five years. If there's something that you missed and you just wanted to add one chapter to discuss, what would that chapter be on? Oh my goodness. You know, what I have thought about, I will say the most is when I talk about suicide. Mm. So I, I start there in the book, I didn't necessarily wanna start there, but the, the publishers wanted to start there because that's my area of research. So that's the research that I have been doing, you know, for more than 20 years, is trying to understand risk and resilience related to mental health crisis when someone decides they don't wanna live anymore.


And so the publisher said, you need to start there. And I was like, Ooh, I don't, I don't think that's a good idea. You know, not, not for my community. And since then we've had conversations and they said, you know, okay, yeah, we, we kinda, we kinda get it. And so that's one thing I would definitely do is to ease folks into that conversation maybe at the end of the book rather than starting there. So just so you're prepared. I I kinda start there. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Let's, You gotta tackle your head on, I wanna ask one thing about suicide before you move on. You know, I was talking to my wife about suicide. 'cause you see the suicide rates increase, especially with young kids. People blame it on social media. They blame it on so many different things. Do you feel like a lot of times a suicide is based off of people not believing somebody's going through like, almost like, I'm gonna do it because I'm gonna show you.


Do you see that a lot? I, I don't, what I do see though is people who are in crisis and don't have the language to communicate one or, or they don't think people will believe them. You know, so, so people are struggling and there are a lot of folks who are struggling, you know, especially, especially now and increasingly and they don't have the wherewithal to manage what they're going through or to be able to talk to folks who are not going to judge them. Because y'all know, there's a, there's a lot of judginess of course, in, in our society, unfortunately. And the sad thing about that judginess is that it does keep people from, from getting help. But the reality is, and you know, And I talk about it throughout the book, that if we had a more informed society, and, and so this was my thinking, I wrote the book because the suicide death rates were increasing for black children age five to 11.


It was decreasing at the same time for their white counterparts. And so, in my mind, because I know when people are in crisis, it's hard to get help. And so they need the folks around them to be able to say, Hey, you know, you don't quite seem like yourself. Or, oh, I, I know you've been going through some things recently. I just wanna check in on a zero to 10 rating. You know, where, where are you? And so in my mind, if we have a community around the struggling person, then that's gonna help them so much more than asking them to reach out for help when they're already in crisis. I'm, I'm glad you bought it. Oh, I'm sorry. You called out beliefs. Like just pray about it Right. As being part of the reason that black people don't get formal help. What backlash did you face from that?


You know, it's funny because I did have a couple ordained ministers to read that chapter before it went into the book. And one of them thanked me and the other one said, Dr. Walker, we just gonna have to agree to disagree. And that was fine because I needed to be unapologetic in calling out some of the things that we do in the community that are problematic. Like saying, pray about it. You know, when someone is really very depressed and if you say that to them and then they start to think, well maybe it's something wrong with me and my relationship with God because I have been praying, like, why would you think I haven't prayed? And so telling someone to pray about it, well well tell 'em what to pray for. Ask them to, or advise them to pray for a mental health professional who's going to help them.


Yeah, that's right. You know, ask them to pray for someone who's gonna give them a good strong reference or something that they can do or hold onto. But to say, pray about it in good luck, that's not helping people. And it, it saddens me and it, it's almost heartbreaking when I still hear that, you know, in 2025. And I hate, I'm still hearing it. I'm sorry. I hate how people who think it's gotta be an either or, like you can have God and therapy. Because if I break my arm right now, you, you, you might pray for me, but you're still gonna send me to a doctor. Absolutely. And I, And I, there's someone who's made a t-shirt that said, you know, that I pray Yeah. God, I pray and go to therapy. Yeah. I pray and go to therapy. Yeah. Like please do. And even, even better pray for a therapist who has some spiritual mindedness that they can help you to integrate your faith in with the therapy.


And that's something that I trained PhD psychology students to be able to do. You know, you gotta first ask someone, 'cause not everyone is a believer, but ask them, you know, are you a person of faith? What does that mean to you to be a person of faith? Let's work together in order to be able to help you using one of your resources. Because yes, having Faith is a resource. Having faith has gotten black folks through a lot. That's right. When there was nothing else. And I talk about that. So my, one of my newest books, you know, no racial elephants in the therapy room, I talked to specifically to therapists to be able to work with their clients and including their faith. I, I think the Potter's House has done a fantastic job of combining the two, you know, Bishop td, Jake, Sarah Jakes, Roberts, Torre, like they've, they always talk about God, but then also you gotta bring in the mental health professionals when there's actual mental health crisis going on.


Yes. Because a lot of folks don't understand, you know, the psychological and the psychiatric part of it. They, you know, we can't expect for pastors and ministers to do that. That's not, that's not their training. For some of them it is, but for most it's not. You were talking about the language earlier and that's a conversation we always have, you know, here on the show about how everybody has learned a lot of the language, right? Whether it's, you know, depression, you know, anxiety. Anxiety. Do you think that people are self diagnosing too much or is that just how awareness starts? I, I think it's good for awareness because one of some of the feedback that I've gotten about the book is folks saying they didn't know what was going on with them. And so they appreciate having language to be able to communicate what's going on for them. So that's, that's definitely a good thing.


But I do think that there is a lot of self-diagnosis and it ends there. So if your diagnosis is, I have higher than what is helpful level of anxiety, go see a professional. If it is my depression keeps me from being able to cook meals for my family, I don't know what to do. Go see a professional who can help diagnose and give a roadmap for what needs to happen next. But yeah, the, the TikTok therapy is, is kind of concerning The kids. The kids is what scares me. 'cause the kid will say, I'm depressed. And then if you ask a kid, well, what does depress mean? I don't know. He can't even tell you. I don't know. I'm just upset. I failed the test and I'm depressed. No, you're not depressed.


You know what, Emini here. But that's my only fear I wanted to ask. We had a while I stay on that for a second. Isn't that how we, isn't that a thing though? 'cause like when we were young, we knew we were feeling something, we just didn't know what it was. We didn't even have the language. Just say, I'm depressed. But You could be sad, depressed is different than just being sad. Like it's different. But doesn't certain can't sadness lead to the depression in a lot of cases? Well, constant sadness, right? Yeah. That's asked About it. So you're sad for several weeks I I turned Dr. Walker. Yeah. Yeah. If, if you're sad for, for two weeks or, or more, then you could be depressed. Emini here, there, there's certainly levels to depression and that's why help, it's helpful to go to a, a licensed trained professional to be able to disentangle what might be happening.


So yeah, if you fail a test, I, I want you to be sad. I'm sad For, I'm sad for the day, I'm sad for a couple hours, but that doesn't mean depressed because tomorrow you're back outside playing soccer. Exactly. Exactly. And that's Why you, but those words are very dangerous, even anxiety. Like when I hear the kid say it, I'm like, I just realized what anxiety was a couple of years ago. How, you know what, it's more because TikTok told us with that too. But they're smart. But you know, so for those of us who are, you know, who are older, who can talk to young people, we can just ask, what does that mean for you? Yes. What does that look like for you? Because even as a professional, if I'm seeing someone or a client for the first time, I'm asking them, they, 'cause they come in, they watch TikTok, you know, they come in and they're saying, I'm depressed.


And I still need to know what does your depression look like? Because your depression might be, you know, not being, not wanting to eat. Maybe you feel really very sad and you don't wanna be around people, but your depression might be like you're doing too much. You know, because you're trying to compensate for the depression. And your depression might look like you're overeating and everyone is experiencing depression. And so we have to be able to ask, not just for our clients, but for everyday people. What does that look like for you? Because it also gives us a point of intervention, you know, so if you're feeling more like you need to be isolated from folks, then okay, maybe I'll let you go. Be to yourself for a little while and then I'll check in and say, okay, how are you doing today? We don't even have to talk about the situation that you're going through.


I just want you to know I'm here for you. People need to know that someone is going to be there for them and that they're not gonna judge them. I, I think whatever, I think basically you're just telling people, don't self diagnose. If you think there's something there, then go seek help from a professional. Yeah, please. Gotcha. Please. I wanted to ask too, what are some of the myths that our community still have with therapy? Right? We had an artist, his name is Rob, four nine. You heard of him? What the hell? Okay, don't worry about it. But he was saying basically that he feels like he needs therapy, but he doesn't necessarily want to go because he can't, he doesn't see himself talking to them people. He don't trust them. You know, he doesn't trust them.


So what are some of the, the myths that you still see? Well, that's certainly one of them. They gonna tell all my business. And that's important. We, you know, you can't have folks, you can't have your business in the street. Like that's something that, that is unacceptable in our community. And so for that person, and, And I encounter a lot of those folks who are struggling, you see it, you know, we see it. But if they're not ready, then you can't force them to go and talk to someone. That's, that's one part. And I, I, there's so many folks, you know, and that's why we have to be non-judgmental. Because if we say like, this is what I see, just want you to know I'm concerned and then back off, then they know who they can go and talk to. Like this person express concern. They seem concerned about me, I will go to them.


But yes, those big myths that are, those people are gonna tell on my business. That's one part. The other part is what can they tell me? They're, they're not gonna be able to tell me. They don't, they don't even know me. But that's part of the process is getting to know the client. There isn't a single person who was sitting in front of me that I would say, I know their life story. I know how to help them. I'm gonna start with questions. I got questions first. And then the other part is, you know, something I think that is they're gonna make me someone that I'm not And I need to maintain myself. Like, I don't know a professional who has the power to be able to magically make someone different. The goal would be to make them a better functioning person, you know, to take on their responsibilities and do the best that they can, but not to make them a different person.


I do have A question. What is a therapist allowed to talk about? Right? So if I see a murder, if I murder somebody, if I see domestic violence, if I see somebody getting hurt, it always brings me back to the Mendes brothers, right? Where they were talking to the therapist and the therapists use some of that stuff on the court case. So when you see stuff like that and something is going through my mind, I'm like, I ain't gonna tell nobody because what if they use it later? But then I might have to tell somebody to heal. So what can you guys tell and what, you know, what is just, you know, patient crimes privilege. Yes, you gotta go to prison for us, if you kill somebody like crimes, you can the prison, no, But you Know, you can Heal the prison. But I'm sure there's people that have seen crimes, have gun crimes and they're going through things like, I'll just use Route four nine again.


He said that he's seen so many things in his past. He's seen death so much in his past, but he might not wanna tell because he might wanna not, not wanna get somebody in trouble. Well in that example he can say, I've seen deaths Take it out Route four nine just in case. Just take it out. Okay. So anyone can say they've seen something without giving, you know, facts or specifics and not expect for the police to come in and haul them off. But what I will say is, so we talk in the first session about confidentiality. Like confidentiality is part of the bedrock of what we do as licensed professionals. Like you can't just go out and yap about what people have been sharing. Yeah. Or what they've disclosed in therapy. Now the other thing that we emphasize is if someone says that they could be a harm to themselves or danger to themselves or to someone else, then that information might have to be disclosed in order to be able to protect that person's life or to protect the life of someone else.


If they are, if there's a danger of abuse of children, elderly or people who have disabilities or different abilities, then that would have to be disclosed. And, and to be honest, it varies by state. But that's, you know, kind of a minimum threshold to be aware of because at the end of the


day, At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


If you are not watching BMF on stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flury family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains.


This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on stars. And the Stars App.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seeds that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like it's your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


The client has to be able to talk to their their therapist because they aren't gonna be able to get the healing and the help that they need if they can't get some stuff off of their chest. But then once they do that, then there has to be some understanding about what's gonna happen next. You haven't met somebody so toxic like they made you a therapist energy say, yeah, I can't help you. Ain't nothing. So I, there, there have been a couple of occasions and so what I have done for the most part is supervise PhD students in training. Mm. And there have been occasions as an example where the client was racist or the client was doing harm to animals. Mm. And the therapist was having a really difficult time because of Emini here.


That would be hard for hopefully. Yeah. Anyone and supervisors do approach this work differently. I will say that. And that's one of the reasons you may get different stories and different narratives from different professionals because folks approach some of the work differently. But for me, you can't have a client who is disrespecting you or who is making you feel nauseous or uncomfortable on the inside and, and do your work. Mm. Like, that's you, you can't do that. And so we're human first, like, you know, therapists, professionals, we are human first, but we still also have a re a responsibility and obligation to be able to provide the best possible care. Absolutely. We, we, we got a a, a good friend, a good friend of mine, his name is Humbled, a poet. He put out a book called Unanxious 50 Simple Truths to Help Overthinkers Feel Less Stress and more Calm.


And I wanna read a a just a quick little line from it because I want to know what you think about it. He says, life doesn't begin after the obstacles. Life is the obstacles. And we have to unlearn the idea that we need or would even want a life free of chaos, stress, and anxiety. We grow from facing challenges and exploring our limits. And, and the book encourages people to face their stressors and triggers head on with research backed techniques and journal prompts. And we had a discussion here on Breakfast club. 'cause I'm like, if I know something triggers me, I I I feel the, I reserve the right to disconnect from it and set my boundary and not deal with that thing. He feels like you should sit with the thing so the thing doesn't trigger you anymore.


Well I think you know how I feel about the word should. So I, I avoid it at all costs. And so if there is something in you that says in this moment I need to avoid this thing, I'm going to honor that. Right? But I'm also going to ask you questions about what is happening for you. What are you telling yourself? So I'm a cognitive behavioral therapist and so for me, you know, thoughts connect with behaviors, connect with feelings. So it all starts with yes, something happened, but what is your thought in response to the thing? So is your thought in that moment, I can't deal with this. This is gonna hurt me, this is gonna harm me. I can't survive this. Because it happens, it plays out automatically before folks recognize.


And so we have to slow down the process. Okay, tell me the facts, tell me what happened, Tell me what your next thought was. 'cause most people don't have a sense of what was the next thought. And as a therapist, I have to slow things way down to understand. However, in order for you to feel like I can deal with this whatever the SAT situation is or I need to be able to deal with this in order to be successful in life, then we gotta figure out how to allow you to be able to do that. Because yes, I think what I heard him saying was, you know, people need to be able to adapt to new and novel situations and circumstances in order to grow. In order to feel like, okay, I got this. You know, I can be successful in life, but I would, I would pause, I'd hit the pause button, something happens person wants to avoid.


And I'm like, okay, tell me what just happened. Because again, I'm asking questions. I wanna know what's going on for you. 'cause I don't assume anything about anybody. See I was like, when he was there I was like f that adapt. Right? And I explained to you, if I don't like you because you're a negative person, you're always putting me down And I just don't feel good energy around you. You don't affect me in any which way. So I can cut you off and say, you know what, I'm not answering your phone anymore. I don't work with you. I don't have to see you. And I should, that should be my right to do that because my energy is more important in this friendship. I don't have to sit in there, I don't have to adapt. I don't care if you like me or not. But that's how we should be. I think a lot of times we try to adapt to things and we try to make things right. And I think a lot of times it hurts more than help.


Yeah. You know, And I, I I I respect that a hundred percent. And I can say that there have been maybe the middle ground. 'cause you never know. You just, you never know If someone says something to you or they bring you a certain kind of energy and maybe you do have some relationship with the person that you're willing to consider and preserve, why not say to them, you know, when you do X, Y, and Z when you do that thing right there, when you do this, this is how I feel when that happens. Maybe they didn't know, you know, maybe they thought they were doing a good thing. And I think that's a, that allows us to be more in community. 'cause y'all, we we need more and more community. I hear What you're saying. I try, I used to try that and hams over there show me something different. Right.


Thicks, I used to do that too. Like, you try to adapt to people, you do things that sometimes you don't wanna do because you feel like it's the right thing to do. Right. And short thicks over there with be like, no, I'm not gonna do it. 'cause that doesn't make me happy. It might make you happy for what you do. I work hard, but I wanna protect my peace. And I didn't understand it for a while. Right. Because short, thick just wouldn't go. He was like, I'm not doing it. You're not catching me. And I wouldn't get it. But then after a while I understood and I'm like, yeah, if this is gonna effort my peace, if this is not gonna make me happy, I'm gonna, I'm at a stage in my life where, you know what f it And I agree with short thickens. That is, that is a little pet nickname for me. See how you see, see how men can't even Just say my name. He, he can't even say my name. He gotta gimme a little cute nickname to be vulnerable thick.


Just to express himself. You know what Emini here that make you feel better. Yes. Okay. Thank you baby Mental health. Lord. Thank you. My waffle colored negro. Thank you. It's my beige babe over there. You See That's such a beautiful moment. Yes. I the walk. I know. Look, so this is my Question. Question. I don't know if maybe you can help me with this. Right. She don't even know What the fuck you just said. That's, that's the funny part Question Uhuh, that was a moment for him to get at short hams. Look, I need, so LA just last night, right? I, I could not go to sleep. I could not go to sleep. I have problems sleeping. Like, And I noticed you said at the beginning of the interview, right?


Where, but my thing is I can't turn my mind off. That's the, that's the main thing. I don't know how to turn my brain off. I'm thinking about things I, I could be doing rather than getting sleep. I'm thinking about, damn, I forgot to do this today. There's not enough hours in a day. I, you know what Emini here, like I have like a whole schedule in my mind. I never get it done. I feel guilty when I'm just sitting around. Right. But you are not supposed to feel like that. Right. Because also with the guy that, the guy that they were just referring to, humble poet, he was also saying we're not designed to take in as much that we take in now between like the social media, everything that we're fed.


Like even the algorithm. Like I, 'cause I've been thinking about it since he said it and it's like, yo, like first thing I do, I wake up, you know, I will pray, but I don't pray till I get in the car. I check my phone and then like, even when I'm scrolling, there'll be a video. Say it'll be comedy, then it'll be another one about church. Then it'll be nothing about something else about Donald Trump. There'll be something about the gays, you know, they everywhere. And then I scroll up again and it'll be something else. And then, you know, it's like, but I'm not getting a chance to process each and every video, right? So it's so much information that I'm downloading. It's like I'm not a robot. I'm supposed to be okay with silence for a while. You know? Then I got a nine month old, then I'm a wife and then I got, it's so much so when I'm laying down, I cannot silence my mind, my thoughts to go to sleep Ever.


You can't ever silence your Breath most of the time. Not, not ever. 'cause weed will help me do that. Just being honest with you. Like I will hit a blunt And I will laugh and then I'll be out for a minute. But that's really the only thing that helps me get good rest weed. So, you know, And I, I've heard you talk about your schedule. Yes. You know, and you know, getting up and, And I think you said like four in the morning, but then you go to bed late at night. Yeah. And so, you know, so, so there's so many different layers to this because yes, you are doing a lot, but one of the things that I heard you say just now was even when you're kind of sitting, you feel like you're supposed to be doing something.


And so you're also telling yourself, I'm supposed to be doing something other than resting. Yeah. So that's, that's one thing for you to be mindful of. But then, you know, I think it's, especially in this day and age, it's easy to wake up or not to fall asleep because your mind is, is racing. I was telling my husband that this morning I woke up at three o'clock And I started to think about this conversation and then I was thinking, okay, I can say this, this, I'll say that. And ooh and ooh and it, And I, And I was like, okay, stop. And I know better, right? I have the tools and the resources And I was like, quit it. And then that didn't work. And I said, okay, we're gonna do 10 more minutes. And then that didn't work. And I was like, okay, we have to start doing our progressive muscle relaxation in order to be able to calm down.


So there are strategies, what's that? Progressive muscle relaxation. So for me, it's when I close my eyes And I'm breathing deeply And I tell myself that with each exhalation to release the tension. And I start with my forehead and eyebrows. 'cause I'm literally sometimes like this in bed who Is in bed tense. Like, yeah. And so I have to tell myself to release And I go every body, part, ears, nose. And then I allow my body to be able to relax into the moment because I'm, I'm literally not just thinking, but I'm feeling it in my body. And I have to be able to relax that. The other thing that I recommend, And I put this in in the workbook. So I did the Unapologetic Guide And I have the unapologetic workbook, is giving folks permission to, before you go to bed, like some people need to keep a notepad and a pen.


Not the phone, but a notepad and a pen by the bed. So that when all of these thoughts come to mind, you write them down. You, you write them down before you get into bed. Like everything that comes mind, okay, write it down and then, okay, try that. If that, you know, you wake up, okay, write somewhere down. I didn't have a notepad last night. I was like, okay, we just gonna bug this out. But be able to write down all the things that come to your mind to release it. Because otherwise you're gonna ruminate about it. And that rumination will absolutely keep you up for hours. Hours as you know. Yeah. Now I learned a lot of those techniques from you. And it's funny 'cause you know, my, my my my three-year-old will look at me and say, she'll say, daddy, why you doing like this? And I don't even realize I'm doing it.


And then when I, when she tells me that, that's when I do those, I try to do that technique to just relax. But another thing I, I want you to talk to Jess about, when you go to your website, it says reclaim your mind. What does that statement mean to you? We are a very, very powerful people. And, and this is what I'm hoping that we eventually get to, you know, maybe not in the next five years or even 10 years, but for the next generation that we get back to knowing who we are as black people, as people of African descent. You know, there's so much negativity associated folks. Like, I don't wanna be African, you know, I, some folks now say I just wanna be American.


But the brilliance, the collective brilliance in our community is there, but it is weighed down by anxiety and depression. And for those who don't know, we talk a lot about anxiety and depression because those are the two most commonly diagnosed challenges when we are way down with that. And sometimes it comes from racism, microaggressions outta nowhere. You know, you're at your job just trying to mind your business working on a project and somebody says, oh, how'd you get that job? And then you're like, what do you mean by that? And then you're ruminating about that. Like we just get weighed down by so much stuff that when we can get back to a place, when we recognize that we are a brilliant people, that when we can come together, maybe sometimes kneel together if need be, when we can come together, then we can reclaim who we are and we can use our immense talents and gifts that, that we have.


Then we can use them. And then we will live collectively much more fulfilling lives. Like we weren't meant to exist as individuals. Like that's a Eurocentric way of seeing The World. We are African people, you know, we don't have brother and you know, we don't have cousin and distant cousin and in-laws, you know, we have brother and sister, like we are family. And so we need to get back to that in order to kinda resist the stuff that's happening out there. I I, I got a couple more questions. 'cause you talked about psychological fortitude earlier, which is a concept you introduced in the book and clear up confusion around mental health. You talked about psychological fortitude. Can you break down what that is just for people and why that's a game changer? Absolutely. Because you know, just think on a day-to-day basis, you ask somebody how they're doing and they say, I'm good, I'm good.


You know, they may or may not mean it, but that's the answer that, that they give. Because oftentimes, you know, we think people don't wanna know, maybe we don't know how well we're doing. But psychological fortitude is the zero to 10 rating of a few different things. It's, it's basically your capacity to function. So take care of your work responsibilities and or school responsibilities. 'cause this can apply to children and teens also to be able to take care of your family. Maybe you got the in-laws at the house, you got other cousins, you got folks at the house to be able to take care of your physical health. You know, health, health is a serious concern in our community for a number of different reasons. We gotta be able to exercise and eat right and do all the things while not sleeping.


You know, you want a bag of chips sometimes when you can't sleep and you're stressed out. I love dessert. You know. And then we also need to be able to withstand the threats, like the things that are coming after us while we're still trying to tap into our gifts and talents. You know, in some communities not using your gifts and talents as a sin, but for us it's kinda like, you know, you're just going through the motions and, and hoping for the best. So if I say, you know, I say envy, you know, zero to 10, you don't have to tell us, but you could if you like, you know, on a zero to 10, you know, zero mean you have nothing in the tank and 10 is you cooking. You know, where would you say you are on your capacity to be able to do all those things Right now? Nine, You're at a nine and so you are at a great place. And so I might say, okay, you know, Envy's good, you know, we're gonna keep it moving.


But if he said like four or lower, then that says to me as someone in his community that I need to just check in and say, Hey, you know, you are at a four, but that's, That's the day tomorrow. It could be A two. Tomorrow it could be a two, right? And if you stayed at a two for weeks, then we know it's a problem. But we have our two moments 'cause we're human. And then also for me, for myself, if I ask myself my own rating and if it's too low, then I know that I probably need to be working on a boundary. Like I definitely don't need to be taken on anything else. I don't care who it is, I don't care what they ask. I cannot take on a single thing if I'm at a six. For me personally, if I'm at a six or lower, I'm not doing anything else.


I appreciate you. I can't today check in with me in three to four or five months and or I need to add some sources of joy. You know, maybe reach out to someone that I haven't talked to in a while who makes me smile, who I know isn't gonna judge me. And I do have, you know, friends and folks who reach out to me and Just say like, Hey, what's your pf so pf for psychological fortitude, what's your pf right now? And depending on where I am, you know, I don't think about it for too long. 'cause you know, we can think we wanna get the right answer. I don't, I don't know what they're gonna say. Like, just give a number, like a number is so much more neutral than saying I'm good when I'm not. Or risking saying, you know, maybe someone else isn't ready for what all I might be going through if I get of a number.


That tells you a lot. Absolutely. My, my last question is, you know, I I, you know, I love the Unapologetic Guide To Black Mental Health. I swear by it. I think it's more than a book, it's a call to action. So what would progress look like in another five years from now if everybody really embraced the call to action that's in this book? Wow. I love that question. So in another five years we would have stronger communities where we're able to ask someone, what's your pf right now? And if they say something that is a four or five, then you say, Hey, do you have time right now? Let's check in, let's, let's sit down. Or if they say something like a two or three, then someone in the community says, let me help you find a professional who can work with you.


That it helps to build our communities and that we have folks who are suffering less. 'cause you know, there are a lot of people who are suffering needlessly because they don't know whether or not this is mental health related or am I going crazy? Like we have legitimate language and understanding about what our psychological fortitude is. And I, I, I introduced that in part because, And I think I mentioned this because when we hear mental health, we, we think something else. We need to get beyond that. Like we really need to get beyond, this person is crazy, this person is having a nervous breakdown. Like that doesn't matter. We need to be able to function. But there are people who for sure have serious challenges and are hearing things that aren't there.


And they do need to be able to connect with someone who's gonna get them some medication. But I want us to normalize these conversations, get folks the help that they need so that every everyone can contribute to a better functioning society. All right. Absolutely welcome. Well, Dr. Rheeda Walker, we appreciate welcome for joining us. Thank you. If you haven't got the book, pick up. The book now is to fifth, the Anniversary of the release of the Unapologetic Guide To Black Mental Health. And thank You you so much. And the bookbook and the workbook that goes with it, the Unapologetic Guide To Black Mental Health. I, I I tell everybody it is a must read. It's one of them books that you have to have in your household. This is the book that we all needed, you know, growing up. Like, you know, when our parents didn't know how to talk to us about it or adults around us didn't know how to talk to us about mental health. This book right here laid it down quite flat.


Yes. Yeah. Can I, well thank You so much. Can I just add just two brief things? Of course. One, thank you so much to you because you know there have been a lot of people who said they got the book because of you didn't know anything about it. So I am beyond grateful to you Lenar for getting the word out about the book. And also folks can follow me. I'm most active on Instagram, dr Rheeda Walker dot com. Maybe I can get 500 more followers to get me to 20,000 for my birthday. It's my birthday. What's your birthday? It's Saturday. Oh, Saturday. That's yes. Go Dr. Rheeda Walker. Right? Do you turn up? Happy birthday turn Dr. Walker. You turn up. Okay. Alright. Happy birthday World. Yeah, it's Dr. Rheeda Walker. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning.


The Breakfast Club.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th only on Stars. And the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Okay.


Have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.