
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features,


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken, and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Okay.


Have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and its back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself. Peace to the planet.


I go by the name of Charlamagne, the God and Summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy Win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned. And nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special icons and legends in the Building today. Good on, now We got the legendary Chuck D of course, from Public Enemy. Welcome brother. Hello. It's good seeing y'all now. This Is, this is a great surprise. Yeah, man, I had to, I had to roll up here with The Godfather. That's right. We have the Godfather Curtis Blow. Welcome brother. How you feeling? I'm feeling mighty fine. Thank you for having me. Great to see both of you brothers. Yeah. What, what does Curtis Blow mean to you? Chuck, but also the coach of hip hop. He's number one. He is the pioneer because he is the first solo artist to record with a major record label of rap music in hip hop.


And at the same time was the first to be on a major record label. So he left that indelible mark, 1979 and 1980 just to at, you know, and that was the jump. And you're talking about a city that has had a million MCs and rappers and DJs. That's why it's important to be here at Power today, just to say everybody else has been in this city that've been born and have passed on since. That's right. You know, this is the city that made it just like I had to represent just for a quick second. Nicks The Nicks. Nicks, That's Rights six.


That's right. This goes out to my, my man cp, the franchise over there. So, but, but basically my talk today on the radio station, I cannot, you know, have the brand associated with all the things I say. Absolutely. I got you. So I say The Godfather's right here. And yeah, I came up here to talk about, you know, a recording that, that was released on Def Jam called Radio Armageddon. I'm, but I'm over at Def Jam, sort of like the consigliere, like the, like the Tom and the Godfather, you know, like what Ji Belonging has done. Right. And anytime they, they, they run into a situation. I, I remind the major labels and Def Jam and everybody else.


You got accountability and responsibility. And 1979, this man recorded with Mercury records. I had to been, you know, And I benefited after that because I, I did a solo record with Mercury in 1996. Wow. So, thank you, Kurt. Oh, You're welcome, man. Yeah. I just wanna shout out all the legends who have pioneered this thing before myself. Name Him Kurt Inspired Me. Name him Kurt. People Like P DJ Jones and Ko Herc, Africa Baba, grandma Flash, Melly, Mel, you know, DJ Hollywood Love B Starsky, Eddie Cheba, the Furious Five, the funky four, the Fantastic Five, the Treacherous three, the Fearless four.


So many groups. Man, I love you all, man. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for inspiring me, and we will move forward to the future and inspire the future generations to come. Absolutely. Now, I, I wanna ask you, Mr. Blow, like, what do you think? Well, I'm about, ask both of y'all, what do you think the culture lost when hip hop went corporate? And what do you think he gained? You want to answer that or number one, you, you know, the, the, it grows big on the top heavy side, but all the bottom and the middle started getting gutted out. Hmm. Don't you all get a little envious when you see every single NBA player? Well, 90% of them, they carried themselves on interviews.


We learned in the beginning when Curtis Blow did an interview, he spoke for us on tv. Whether it's Don, he's the first to get interviewed by Don Cornelius. He's the first to get interviewed by Dick Clark. So we coming from the rap circles, doing our DJs and MCing and all that. And here's this man being interviewed. He's speaking for all of us. Now, he could go up there on some goon squad issue. Right? But, but what would that do? Would that, would that have elevated the art form into an area where we start to discussing what, you know, what we gained and what we lost? You know, every time you look at an NBA player, 85, well 95% of them an NFL player or major league baseball player, even if they doing English or Espanol, and a lot of it's Espanol, they sell the, they have to sell the game.


They have to sell the game to the fans. And the thing that we've lost back to your question to God is that it's been piss poor in public relations and human resources. Every big business makes sure that they're tied and tight with their public relations and their human resource department. If not Emini here, this radio station probably does it. You know, a letter from an old lady probably still works in this building, A old white lady. But it's hard to have that now 'cause of the social media. 'cause you got human emotion. And I couldn't, and an ability to be able to go directly to the consumer Screen ages have never been taught etiquette, screen Ages.


Wow. Wow. You don't have citizens today. Wow. You have medicines. They're not citizens anymore. They're medicines. They're screen ages. They're engaged by everything in and outta the screen. Their life goes through a screen. But what, but what what has taught them, they're, you know, how to engage on their devices. That's true. What it's taught them, how to engage on the gadgets. At the end of the day, there's only two phone companies. It's Android and, and Apple. Right. At the end of the day, they're the keep little Ls looking at everybody. It's like, yeah. You know, say, do whatever you want. Still gonna roll down our river. So when we start to understand, you know, what's behind what, you know, we can all, okay, this is the way everybody lives.


Okay. How do we manage that? Same thing with life. And you know, Curtis Blow is instrumental with Scott X. He'll tell you he speak for himself because he taught all us the first hip hop union. So the whole thing is all the information that we say that we have in these gadgets and devices. Oh, oh, we could get it quick and all that. You know, we are not equipped on how to navigate that information. Oh yo. We need a union. I've heard like how many people we've heard talking about we need a union. Oh yeah. When it's easy to go. Boop, boop, boop, hip hop union, hip hop alliance. So we have these things, we really don't know how to use them. But why Don't you think it, why do you think it's so difficult?


'cause I think about it all the time. I think about the sacrifices that you brothers made in this music industry, right. That a lot of these younger generation have no ideas, but they eat off of. Right. And they're eating a lot of Money. You got people that play ball all the time. They wear the kicks. Also, they wear jerseys. They might not know what the, what the jerseys Are. But the NBA wait, The Bill Russell Jersey was like, yo, I'm nu I'm wearing number six. Yo. But NBA has a, they have a union where they pay back and they make sure they, their athletes Are good. Do you think that came from the players or you think that came from the administrative body that was protecting diminishing returns? Think The players forced it. Huh? I think the players forced It. No, in 1979, the NBA was almost called the N-I-G-G-E-R Basketball Association.


White folks were starting not to come in the seats. David Stern came along 1980, said, we gotta make some changes. 1984, when this man made the song, what's the name of that song? Kurt Basket Ball Ball, 19 84, 40 years ago last year. And we actually did a remix of the song for the anniversary. And it's called Basketball 2.0. I remember it. Yeah. Where I'm shouting out the new players of today, you know, like LeBron James and Steph Curry and Ja and Jalen Brunson and Kat and all the whole team of today.


And it's incredible. Yes. 1984, David Stern also took the jury off the players next and earrings out because he felt that there was a overlapping of black culture, especially Northeastern black culture. He didn't include the West, west wasn't at that point yet. Right. I gotta take this, these Duke, you remember with Ball Plays used to have Dukey Gold, chase Duke especially. Yeah. Gal Dawkins earrings and all that. David Stern says, we gotta stop that. You're scaring the white folk. Mm. So that corporation, which will probably lead into being fantastic or bigger than ever, has managed itself.


It's governed itself to, you know, to to the good and the bad and indifferent. But you going to let the Knicks win the night, you going to have 15,000 Gooning out over there on seventh a avenue because, and people gonna be, what, 12, 13 years old? They don't know nothing unless it's taught to them. So yeah, 1999, Alan Houston and all that, what does that mean to a 14-year-old? Nothing. Yeah. But you know what, if they really want to ball out or, or be considered knowledgeable about ball, either they're gonna learn or they're gonna be fighting. That's real. You know, so, so hip hop is, you know, like it's gotta come from a responsible administrative body.


Hasn't been there. Y'all named five managements in hip hop right now. And I didn't come here to bash hip hop because No, no. We Just do love having this Conversation. Every generation, of course has, its, has its thing, you know, even Christmas rap said, you know, don't you give me all that job about things I wrote bef things you wrote before I was alive. 'cause this ain't 1823 or even 1970. 70. So every generation has its favorites and has its way. But if you going to say I'm doing rap music and hip hop, and especially you're doing it in New York, then what's the thing in New York that's teaching you? So the union is also a thing that, that is more than just a union.


Because when I came up with the, the Radio Armageddon, which is basically like the mc DJ aspect of Public Enemy works with that. And it, it, it's a, a way of introducing people like from Daddy o to Miranda Rights. So it's a, it's, it's a quirky project. It's like, like the weirdness in my head. I don't make records or sell records. I make records that almost like we're not too far from MoMA. Right, Right. It's gotta be an art and a craft somewhere before everything. Look, Bob Dylan, how long has Bob Dylan been? And, and Kurt recorded with Bob Dylan. Yes. So we gotta be know knowledgeable about this fact.


Bob Dylan has been with Columbia Records. I don, I'm six, I'm gonna be 65. God willing. Bob Dylan has been there for 63 years. Wow. And you know, when Bob Dylan releases a record, do you think he's paying bills in there? No. No. He said, oh, Bob just turned in the Masters. So we just gotta, so I think one of the accountabilities and responsibilities in rap music and hip hop on the recording end is how do you curate and care, take the masters of, of the things that help build it as far as from the rap end, right? There's only three majors. There's Sony that used to be down the street in BlackRock where I signed to where it was CBS.


There's Universal, right? Which all those Def Jam and Mercury and all those masters. And there's what, there's Warner, Tom, Warner, Warner Brothers, I should say three, what can they do? Curate c take? Because if you don't, then what? Then it's there for the undertaker and our culture, our music, our people have been undertaken. So some of the things I address in, in, when I do music, the, the ism that has grown larger than ever in, in, when everybody's a screen agent is ageism. Ageism is deep. Like everybody ain't as young as they think they're Emini here. Y'all, y'all not as young as you.


Hell don't think, but I know I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. That's right. So, so the whole key in life is to maybe give thanks, but also brag about the currency of the years that you get in revolutions around the sun. Absolutely. Marketing works the other way around. Flip the naive kid, sell 'em anything 'cause they don't know enough. Try to sell it to 'em again. That has diminishing returns on, on a society. It has a diminishing returns in The World. 'cause we even see it reflected in government. That's how, that's how you was able to get the executive, producer, celebrity, apprentice elected. Yeah, exactly. Look, I wanna say I love the song New Generation, and you say on that song, I've been your age, you haven't been mine yet.


But I wonder, even though we've been these kids' age, we didn't grow up in their generation, didn't have access to the things that they have now. So how, how much can we truly relate, even though we have been their age, we just haven't been their age in this timeframe. Gotta work on it. Emini here, I I don't know what it's like to pull a, you know, egg out chicken's ass either. You know what I'm saying? Emini here. To me, milk means go to the store and get a carton. So Right. That generation before me, you know, looked at me like, yo, you, you don't know what that is. So we have to do our best. We gotta do our best on logic and practical sense. Emini here, common sense is rationale, deductive reasoning.


And, and, And I forgot the other one right now because I have age, brain, brain lapse. But we have to work on these things at all times. And we can't probably rely on systems and school systems before we had an area of culture that snuck it in. Covert hip hop was co it was a covert operation. Remember? Because at the time they, they, they totally gave up on school systems. You know, they talk about, oh man, Columbine. But we had a, a 10 to 15 year period once guns and drugs came in our community where high school shootings in major urban cities, especially in the United States, they, you know, they, they became like a little bit of an epidemic before it became a national epidemic across the board.


It's very easy to say, oh yeah, it's the culture, you know? No, but there's there's some lapses that, you know, planted the seed. So anyway, to bring it full circle,


the hip hop alliance that I'm involved with, Kurt reached out some years ago. Yeah, but you could speak for himself. He reached out. Well, You know, the Hip Hop alliance is just that the, the Alliance is an organization that is a, a labor force organization. There needs to be a system to monitor, to actually communicate and educate to the youth through our community. You know, out on a mission fighting for fair wages and fair royalties and strong health and retirement benefits for all of our people. And, you know, we specialize in ips and publishing and trademarks. And you can go to hiphop alliance.org and check us out. It's free to join. Support Us. We are out there fighting for you to make sure this journey that you are on in your career is successful.


Oh, I wanted to ask with with Def Jam, of course, Def this project is under Def Jam. Were you always signed to Def Jam? Or is it, was it a resign? Have you been with Def Jam that long? So break that down. I was the first, I was the first rapper. They had a bit bit, they didn't have a bid more No such thing. I turned Rick Rubin down for two years. Why? I didn't wanna do records. I, my thing was radio, we, we felt, my guys one of the first, and Kirk could tell you Emini here, we broke so many records in Long Island. WBAU. We did records, right? We did hip hop, right. We were scientists. We were ESPN of hip hop and rap music. We just ain't from the city.


So we had the outside in, we promoted gigs, we concerts, we did it all. So we used to compensate for the lack of rap records by making incredible tapes and promo tapes. And Rick was starting Def Jam with, you know, Curtis Bro's friend Russell. And why you say for two years, not your friend. Not your friend. He's my friend. Oh yeah. Russell's my friend. Emini here. But, but he started out with, with with Kurt. Matter of fact, more trivia. Kurt and Russell used to throw gigs in the seventies under, and then, and Kurt's Russell's first artist. Yes. Yes. We had a, a club in Hollis, Queens.


Hollis Queens called The Night Fever Disco back in 19 77, 78. And I was a DJ playing every weekend. And I used to stay at Russell's house over in Hollis two fifth Street. And when I was there, I met his younger brother and he used to beat him up all the time. I used to protect why my big brother used to beat me up all the time. So I was like, yo, leave him alone. He's a good kid. You know, I took him on under my wing and made him the son of Curtis Blow. And that was DJ Run of course.


Taught him how to dj. And he became incredible on the mic. He was my DJ when I released Christmas rap in 1979. And, and Nasty too. Yeah. We had a 8 million stories about that whole situation. Well run was incredible. I loved the family. Danny, Joey Russell, his dad, rest in Peace, his mom, rest in peace and art people, that was, they Were people of the Arts Night Fever, disco Emini here. I remember we bought Flash out to the Night Fever disco, the first time Flash ever played in Queens. And that was incredible.


Just to be that liaison to the Bronx and represent early, early hip hop in Queens with that whole crew, the Hollis crew. I love you guys. I want to ask you, Mr. Blow, was there ever a time in the eighties where you knew hip hop was about to explode but you didn't feel Ready For what came next? Oh yeah. I, I, I was definitely a, a visionary. I, I hate to talk and brag about that, but I'll do it. It was, it was incredible just a feeling. I remember Chuck D saying that whole energy, that spirit Before records Between 1975 and 1979 was the most incredible spirit Emini here.


It had spread throughout the whole five boroughs from Harlem to the Bronx, to Queens, to Brooklyn. And it was just an, an energy that everyone knew that this is something special, very special. And we capitalized on it, you know? And I Thank God. Yeah, you couldn't, you couldn't even describe it. You, it is hard to describe on radio that, that era before records. Because before that it was inconceivable to put rap on records. I, you know, it's a three hour thing, like got dancing, it got all, like how you put rap on records. Yeah. You get on the mic, but Emini here, how long the record got beat, three hours, you know, like, but then in 79 King Tim iii right.


Sugar Hill Gang, which took two records. Not just people who like, oh, it's good times. No, it's, mm, it's two records that made Sugar Hill Gang love Deluxe. And then yeah, Curtis Blow with Christmas rap, which just took it, took it into the stratosphere. And, and, And I, like I said, back to your Nugents thing, it's like, youth is an excuse that I don't let young people do because it's easy to, to you gotta, you, you can't Emini here, I'm triple og. There's no way I'm going to convince a, a, a person, a teenager. It is like that communication gotta come from the next step up that they want to get to. So all I do is just, I, I weigh them against themselves.


Somebody would think, oh, I'm too young for that. They be six 16. I'm like, okay, well your 12-year-old brother is gonna actually get all your props and everything that you, well, I earned that. You know? So everybody in they life wants to use tenure. The, you know, the drug game changed all that. Flip that up. 'cause they say, oh, you overnight, boom, boom. And we, we saw what happened to that, when that was introduced. A lot of things came during the era r and b, that's Reagan and Bush. And, and when that came in, we are still recovering off of those, that scar tissue. But hip hop is a beautiful thing, man. It's got layers and layers. And like I said, we started from a radio environment, Emini here.


I I've been running rap station for 16 years. I built two apps. One is to bring the Noise app, which is, it works like TikTok 35 and Ova apps are difficult to make, especially when you have e-commerce. I've only built two And I know, and I'm not the guy that just sits in the other room. I'm kind of like checking in with my developer and all right. And we did the Rap station app, which has 12 radio stations, all dedicated to things around The World of rap, of Broken. We've broken at least 500,000 songs over 16 years. Wow. So did you, Did you approach Radio Armageddon like a broadcaster, a a prophet or, or a rebel Above all three man, all above on this album, all three Charlemagne dipped in acid with Wu-Tang axes in the back and Hammer shoes and all that.


You know what I'm saying? It's like in my head, Emini here. My first record is Public Enemy number one, which is a tone, which is blow your head by, by, you know, the jbs Right? You know, a very familiar breakbeat, but nobody could figure it out. I, I'm from skater culture and not the skater culture today. Mm. Roller skating culture. Right. Roller rinks dominated. So we moved to music and we didn't have to move to music. Music moved us Emini here. Seriously. It make you wanna move Emini here. Roosevelt Roller Rink, man. I'm, I'm the dude that's skating back Emini here. I did a concert in Queen in, in Cleveland one year, just me going up in the spot of roller rink.


And I skated backwards doing all my songs where they was skating towards me. I was a, that that little card in the wallet that says Bad mf, I was one of those people. Are you From the, the hot skis? The, the Roosevelt rig. What else was out there back then? Us A Babylon, further out Avalon you had in Brooklyn. You had, damn, I just have that. There was The rink. There was, what's the one in Brooklyn? Oh my God. Empire. Empire You see shot up all the time. Empire. And then in other city, I believe, and this depends on the music too, you know, I believe that skating rinks can be a possibility for enjoyment of future music and future cardio. Because one thing, being a screen agent, you sedentary, you see this screen all day, day long.


And you'll, and trust me, Emini here a song that's on the album, I want to attack ageism in the sedentary life and all that is black don't dead. Yes. Because you hear the talk we take for granted youSo, South Carolina. So, you know, a lot of talk of, you know, yeah, yeah. Black don't crack. Yeah. But it could die. We Die. Can die. Yeah. Yeah. For real. And all. And one of the five Fingers of Death, diabetes, cancer, hypertension with stress and stroke. You know, heart disease. Heart disease. Yeah. It's like, boom. So with all this, we do a great job of, of the exterior and covering up.


But it's, it, it's, it's a grind. Especially when you have the things out here and, and then you've got have plenty of people on, on these shows that, that you bring up here that will tell people like what's out there and what to avoid and all that. Yeah. Well We, we try to make sure people know about it. 'cause the, the worst thing that I always hear is, don't You wish you could talk 24 hours a day to those? Yes. Yeah. When DJs that come up here that I don't go to the doctor or rappers, you hear, I don't go to the doctor. Then you see them get sick and you was like, damn, that could have been prevented. So we try to talk about those things, about eating healthy and all that things that I didn't, you know what Emini here, I grew up in Queens. White Castle was two blocks away. That's what I ate most of the junk, most of the time. You know what, Emini here. So that we, we definitely try to preach to those people. I'm, I'm glad you brought that record up 'cause I listened to records like Black Don't Dead.


And, and it makes me wonder, did making Radio Armageddon feel like a spiritual purge or a final warning? No, none of that. I say that for Public Enemy record. This, this is taking a radio and throwing it down the fly the stairs and seeing it still work. It's not meant for people to like, remember I made Public Enemy records, man, not for nobody to, like, I didn't, I I told Rick Rubin though, he, he's greatest Producer. Explain why Rick Rubin's the greatest, one of the greatest producers of all time. Yes. Who ever told him, no, You, I was wanted this certain qualities back in the day that Kurt also knows too, if you didn't have a voice that rocked the mic, Emini here sounded good.


You wasn't getting the mic. Mm. I don't care how many verses you got, bars you got, if you sounded like you was 15 years old, you you had to take up something else. You had to dance, maybe DJs and stuff like that. You had to command the crowd. Like Hollywood, Curtis Blow, you know, Starsky, they command, well, Melly Mel, when they grabbed the mic, people just sat down because I don't, I can't sound like that studios balance that stuff out and this and all that. But yeah. So that, that's, you know, and your question was, again, A spiritual pur or a final one To people. Yeah. Yeah. My my point was, it's like I never ever, ever made a song to somebody else, to like, that's like asking yourself, asking somebody else, how do I look After you went, you went to the mirror, brush yourself up and asking somebody else, how do you look?


But being screen ages, people listen with their eyes today, little bit too much with their eyes. You could tell them they might listen, but did they hear it? So there's a lot of covert now happening when you could be told the truth. But if you don't see it, you know? Mm. Now it's, it's the flip verse with that. It's like, believe none of what you see and half of what you hear, man, because people ain't listening. So believe at least half of what you hear and dissect that. But as far as seeing, especially with ai, and I've been dancing and boxing with AI for like the last five years. I'm trying to tell you, it don't go backwards. It ain't gonna get dumber.


And yes, there is an issue there in real life and regular life and in culture and music and art and all that. You not gonna stop it, but you can dance with it and you can manipulate it. You can flip it, but you better know how to dance. And you better know what it is. Because I think you can dance with it if you already have some knowledge yourself. If you already have some information of your own, or better yet, you have an understanding of of things before you. Right. And you have to practice. Like I said, I ain't never pulled a egg outta chicken, but at least I know And I seen it. I ain't did it. You know what I'm saying? So this is something with ai technology, gadgets, computers, you know, unfortunately that, that bumps up into areas like artillery and, you know, all kinds of doom machines and, and weirdo weirdos that just think all of a sudden, you know, they, they got the mic in the camera for me.


Everybody got the mic in the camera. Everybody got the mic in the camera at the same damn time. So Triple OGs and OGs, sometimes with some wisdom, sometimes choose to be silent because everybody on the mic. Right. Sit my ass down and listen. Because the key is listening if you're going to even be able to protect your, your surroundings. So it's not something where, you know, we were innately born with these qualities to be leaders and and wise people. This came from the shoulders of giants. We stood on this man made a sacrifice that I had to take advantage of. But then it's all about, okay, you gotta break it back.


And when you break it back, then that makes that side stronger. And you, and the isms, the ageism that's taken place was intentionally poured over black life in the modern world. And, And I, I would think a lot of it started during, you know, like I said, r and b, Reagan and Bush, because I'm a product of the sixties and the seventies. And in the seventies with all the BS that was going on in the United States at that time, look, in 1974 you had an impeached president. This, this country was, was rocky as hell.


Black folks was figuring it out. We knew like, okay, this is what we have. We're gonna make this work. We might have not been, you know, we, we might have been broke, but we wasn't broken. That was the key. Mm. Black folks, right. Black folks was together no matter what they threw at us. Yeah. The only thing they could throw at throw at us in the eighties was a plethora of guns, drugs, and then also a, a lot of things they poured in there to cause division between the, the young and old. You go to other societies and that even that start to crack down. 'cause you go to Amazon and they, they screen ages too in the Amazon. So, but, but elders are revered and then also elders, they don't get that, that term of, oh yo, they just bitter 'cause they ain't getting it.


Number one, the old school, listen, they didn't measure themselves with money. That's where the term came from. It's like, I don't want your money. You know what I'm saying? Emini here. I'm, I'm saying in the best New York vernacular, right? When you go, yo man take they, I don't want your money. Because their levels, their statuses was different. Their statuses was like here. It was like deep within, this is the core that no matter what machinery they came up with, they couldn't penetrate the core. Here, you know, you go to places like Philly, it's like, damn man, wonder when they're gonna get some urban renewal. But Philly was called the city of brotherly love. So with within all the drama people like, yo, we like here the Bronx.


Bronx was left, the ashes left, left for dead. What comes up out of that? Hiphop. Hiphop. Hiphop. Yep. The Bronx is burning. Yep. So Emini here. The eighties came with a whole bunch of, you know, so now it's about like, what has hip hop got in this toolbox? How many tools can you put in the hip hop toolbox to, to be able to, to wedge out some future path? And you know, it ain't about going back. You, it is ev it is all about going forward. Who the hell wanna go back? Is hip hop still the best weapon For revolution? No. Everybody got a gadget from your grandmother to the child being born.


Something better come through that. We don't know what that is. Remember I said hip hop was covert? Was that, that that, that it ain't cot that. Yeah, that was dumb before Fight the power bro. Fight the power became, listen, fight the power became what it was because of Spike Lee. Okay. So Emini here, who does that plays, you know, plays a song in a movie 500 times and nobody did that. Yeah. Spike made that record happen. Now you, what was your Relationship with Spike for him to do that? Or he just wanted To He felt it at that time in the eighties, man. And like I said, this comes from the seed of Curtis Blow. It was a renaissance period of filmmakers, artists, you know, hip hop that were all being independently created and using those tools out of the ashes that, that, you know, was bestowed upon us.


Look, look at the key people talk about Fight the power. Like, 'cause it's, 'cause it's the headline buzzword, you know, you know, decades like, oh yeah, yeah, cool, cool. You know, we buy that. They, they failed to realize or they wasn't taught. I had to always tell people there was a first fight to power by the Isley Brothers in 1975 that me and Kurt was influenced by what's going that I don't Yeah. Fight to power by the Isley brothers. I thought it was, oh, I didn't even know that. 1975. And remember I told you that the country was rocky, you know, and, and Leys came up with tied all that BS going down. First record I ever heard on pop radio with a, a black radio with a curse word in it. Wow. Really? Yeah. I was like, whoa.


You can be on W-W-W-R-L Super 16 and then I'm gonna play some fight the pop people like in the Hotep Gary Bird, this city right here. Here's another thing about OGs. This city right here, when you have a a, when you have like a tenured lens of any place you go to, whether it's where you're from or whatever, queens, you still see the old buildings that was there. I still see the old buildings, although they've been replaced by new buildings. This, that's third our vision, man, you able to see the past, present and the, and the future that they're building. New heads come along in their generation, probably only could see what they see.


That's why it is, you know, deeper than your ear can hear or your eye can see. I go around, walk down this street, I'm saying, oh, that place used to be there. Boom, boom, boom. The whole key is the, is this keep your, your your recognition or what they call your, your your cognitive cognitive dissonance. Right? Thank you sir. Yeah, keep that because that will help you Kurt. Kurt says, you know, like, you know, like I said, I'm not in the business of wellness. You have people like, you know, Griff who taught wellness for years, you know, look at FLA flavors going through his ninth life. You know what I'm saying? Like, I went down to Penn Station the other day and ran into the, what's the, the can's.


I didn't even know what the Cane's chicken was. Oh, raise the cane. Ran Penn State. You go all over the place. But it's like, so it, it, so the whole key is about getting to the a hundred yard line. Yeah. Not dying at the 50 yard line in football. You know what I'm saying? Getting to the other side of the scrimmage. And that's what Kurt was talking about. And so hip hop could be useful and beneficial in adding some of these things. It's not gonna be a total revolution running through it because it's ran, it is been ran through. Anytime they mention hip hop, it's always from the catastrophic end to make its news. Today they called, what do you call it, brown, they called him a rapper, you know, because he got in trouble in the uk.


Chris Brown. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Rapper. And it was, it used to call Bobby Brown a rapper. Yeah. It's very easy to, but okay, if you, if you know what it is, then try to figure out how you could run your play. I, I'm a sports head. So my thing is like this, like even like if we roll out as a group, I say, well this is the starting lineup. You know, the rest of the crew gotta figure other things out to do. That's how the sports world next man up, boom, boom, boom. It's hard sometime with people in the music business. 'cause that sports thing will teach your ass Emini here. Oh yeah. By the way, you're not gonna make this team you cut when you gonna come back and, and shoot the, the coaches like, do work on your thing, man.


Train all some along. Come back next. Same thing in hip hop. Right? Work on your thing. And then I look at, here's another thing. It's not talking about anybody but the, the, the rap battles and beefs. It's like you don't want to get into a area where you, you rhyming in circles, man, rhyming in circles means like the dog chasing his tail. It, it is rhymes that go nowhere. You know, it's cool. It, it is cool to get into like lyrical acrobatics and all that, but at the end you gotta process something into something. And if the best processes is somebody just like seriously disrespecting you, how does that not leave a stain over decades?


Hmm. When the last time you say, I came from a hip hop song and this joint was refreshing Emini here, P Rock, C Smooth. You thought P Rock, c sw record on. They're like, yo man, this is like nutrition. Troy Rakim, anyone. Rakim has never done a failing song ever. I've never heard Rakim do a song that say about that, that, but where's the support in it? Care is one has never, ever, ever, ever, ever lost. But you know, it's, it is very easy to excuse it because this is what's happening now and all that cool. But you, I feel like that with a lot of people though. Like, like I feel like that with Kendrick. I feel like that with like Rhapsody like this, this week I was watching Joey Badass and Ab Soul and Big Sean do a cipher.


And I thought that was, I got till you use the right word. I was like that. That was refreshing. That was dope. Promoters. People like La Russell Promoters look back in the day and, and Curtis tell you, promoters would tell you exactly how it rolls. They'll give you a top. Let's say you got six rappers. Six groups. One of the promoters say Kurt, the one that's closing it out is the one, the one that closes out the building. Not just because people came to see 'cause look, there's a difference between spectacle and spectacular. I tell people this all the time. There's big difference, you know, and a rock. Guys, remember I was in a rock group four years. There's a night and day between this rap. I don't care how much money a rapper make, it ain't about the money.


It's about how much you can really put impact on that building. And then on a fan's head. That's why I like seeing Kendrick the other night at MetLife. Like literally I'm sitting there watching like, yo and because he's just a mc. You gotta smash. That's just smash. You gotta smash a crowd. You gotta smash a crowd. If you can be a mc and at the end of the day f all the slang, heck all, you know, all the, all the, all all the goon rhythm. You're like this bravo, that's bravo. Like, like a loop like otti. Yo man. And that's what the rock, that's what the rock boys strive for me. I'm rap music and hip hop. I learned from this man. I'm trying to beat they ass.


The stage is the places where you really, you know, you gotta, you know, take somebody's crowd and stuff like the battles on wax and all that stuff. It's cute man. But you could go in the studio, you could record and you front of a person, a human being, man on mano let's go. And it could be like, you could be doing the ugliest shit over there, excuse my language, or somebody else doing something totally different. How are you going to win that human being? And that's what our genres started out as. It didn't start out with a lot of things in the toolbox, but that at the same time they had to what? Leave the audience in awe.


That's how you spell audience. A-W-E-D-N. And somehow that was also lost because what's the proven ground and boxing? The proven ground was what person in the ring. Person in the ring. That's right. Right. Excuses out the door. Hip hop is a little different. Promoter's gonna say the one that's gonna close out the building is the one Is the one. So what do think about the one that's gonna open up is going, you know, hopefully you could get people coming through there and stay in their seats. Get to that level. Yeah. You got somebody in the middle that can't hold it. They off the tour, they outta there. Forget how many, forget how many records they sold. If they can't be better than they record outta there.


But audiences in this is changed over the years because they, they, they're happy. I remember why I used to take my oldest kids to, to like Coliseum and places like that. And I, they had eight acts on the bill And I asked 'em when they all come back in the car, I ain't going in there with them. And like, did you like it? No. No. You know what I'm saying? I could. But you know, like we not mixing like that. Right. Here's another thing. This Chuck, You would like a Kendrick show. I Would, I've been to Kendrick. He's an mc. He's a mc. And to see Him perform in front of, in in that arena, in that football stadium just rapping. No gimmicks, no nothing. This is the first man that came out as one man. And I thought being one man could never beat a group and he came out as one man.


'cause back in the day it was like, what Cruz? Oh yeah, Cruz. Yeah. Oh yeah. And then this man begat the next m solo mc who was superstar as LL Cool J. Right. Rap's First Superstar. Huh? Rap's First S Rap First Superstar. Absolutely. You make, make Prince and Michael Jackson turn their head. Curtis made all the funk bands and all people recognize, yo, this thing is real Emini here. Look, why am I talking for the man? He, he played with Bob Marley, he played with the class and all that. He, he duck tomatoes from rock groups. I want, I wanted to ask Mr. Blow, 'cause you know, you spoke about the Ronald Isley fight, the Power. And my daddy used to always tell me James Brown was the first rapper. Right? So I think about a song like Say It Loud, I'm Black And I'm I'm Proud.


That was revolutionary for his time. Did stuff like that influence you? 1968. 68? Oh yes, yes, yes. And that's straight out of the Civil Rights movement. You know, that inspired all of us in, in many ways, multiple number of ways. Not only the lyrics, right? But the Beat, that beat was what we call Boomba today. So it changed the whole sound. It was a revolution to the Motown sound with the Pat pat Pap boom, boom Pap the snare every 1, 2, 3, and four. Right? But now we have that boom bat boom. And when James Brown did it, we lost our minds.


Everybody started break dancing, trying to be James Brown on the dance floor with the splits and the twist and the turns and the flips and everything. And that's where break dancing got inspired. But the whole thing was, it was the civil rights movement. So after 1968 into the seventies, we have the flower childs and the peace and love movement and the get about your troubles. They forget about your cares. We are gonna dance the night away. And dancing became a national craze. Right?


So then here comes a DJ Curtis Blow. All right, I'm hearing all this stuff. And, and so I got a opportunity to make a couple of records Christmas rap in 1979. Right? So when I did that song, I was signed to a major label over in Chicago. So I went to Chicago, Chicago, the first flight outta Harlem. I went to Chicago And I was there, I was hanging out with the record company And I did a show, a couple of shows. And Jesse Jackson came to one of my shows and he sat me down backstage.


He said, man, I want to talk to you. I want you to, when I'm gonna say to you, I want you to go back and tell the rest of your whole crew. And everybody now this thing called rap, you guys are the new icons of our people, the new heroes of the Civil Rights movement. Wow. And you need to keep it clean if you ever want to see it be successful on the pop market and be accepted by everyone. So I was like, oh wow, okay. I hear you. I hear you. And it was Jesse Jackson. So I'm like, whoa, whoa.


I went back to the Sugar Hill gang, Grandmaster Flash in Furious Five and our first interview we did national interview on radio scope. And before the interview I said, man, I talked to Jesse Jackson and he told me, man, we are the new heroes of the, of the black community and we need to keep it clean if we wanna ever want to see it go far Right. And be successful. So right then we had the code of exit ethics that we established. Like we would not curse, we would not diss each other and we would keep it clean. Right.


And that was my sacrifice. That was the sacrifice I made. I made 240 rap song and never used profanity. Wow. And that was my sacrifice to open the door so everyone else could come in and do what they do. AKA public 'cause of that conversation with Judge Jackson. Right. That's crazy. And you gotta take the mentorship humbly too, because I'm here doing the concert, I'm holding the mic. Kurt says, you hold the mic. Oh, you got it. Right. Right. So you gotta like win when like when the master teacher teacher, you are always a student and the teacher's always learning. So I, you know, I I, And I told Kurt, I said, you know, one time I was behind Ice Cube leaving and Ice Cube backed up into the knee and my mic chipped my tooth.


So that's why I hold it like that. And and Kurt said, I'll give you a pass. Ask about hold real quick. Back to what he said though. Pass. We were talking about the rap battles and how that made hip hop, how it was. Right. You talk about, we could talk about Kumo d and ll, we can go further back because They dealt with vocabulary and vernacular. What Do you think about the rap battles of today and how it affects hiphop like the Kendrick and Drake and like those big battles that we've seen? Is it helpful? Is it worse? Does it hurt? Does it help? It topics ain't vast. My thing is like if you want to get at somebody vast your topics and also vast your vocabulary. But then again, I'm from New York and somebody like a lot of times, like for example, I didn't battle, I wasn't a battle person, but 'cause I had a voice, so what somebody gotta use like three verses for all I gotta do is say four sentences.


They were gonna hear me so I didn't have to like, it's more like, like in Shaq and basketball, I don, I ain't got shit shoot a threat, you know? So all I gotta do is dunk you. But that's rap talk. You know what I'm saying? I just think that Kendrick was very vast though. Yeah, but you, but you got, but look, you got guys out there like that got 20 albums that Under the Radar that should never be under the radar. Especially from New York. Like Sky Zoo. Sky Zoo got 27 albums. Actually My cousin, that's his cousin. Oh really? Real cousin. Real life. Oh wow. But see there, there you go. It's like, okay, so he's out of the, he's out out of the dis discussion because he doesn't have a rep bring him, bring him to radio stations and stuff like that. He that Here before a long time ago, Right? Yeah. But a couple times like he got 27 albums though.


You right? Yeah. Yeah. So can he actually hang with the person that's the anointed one? Probably Emini here. Come on man. We talking about City has this, city's had a million rappers MCs since 1974. Right? Right. This, you look, every time you're on the radio, I bet you there's a 70-year-old dude out there. Like, You know what I'm saying? I could do that. Right. There's people are 55 years old like that kid's garbage. I'm sure. And then, you know, and then he probably Emini here, Emini here. People, moms got verses now they got bars as they say. You know what I'm saying? So it's a beautiful artman. And listen, it's not to itself, it's a culmination of all the art because it started from records.


So whether it's rock, it's soul r and b, not the Reagan and Bush one, you know, reggae. Well it's, it started from records. So that's where that mixology comes in. That's why I tried, you know, I do a radio arm again, you can't listen to that thing for, for like 10 seconds in a row and, and think you got a steady thing happening. Nah, it's meant to be fragmented and fragmented brain. It's, it's, it's a fun piece of art for me. And, And I will continue to make more Radio Armageddon like records as not a solo, it's not a solo album, it's a solo project. But once again, when you put it out there in The World, you gotta put Chucky's name on it to make it Mm.


Do whatever a stream will get eyeballs. I don't care nothing about that. You know what I'm saying? In case of emergency, you know, tunesy says, Chuck, I, you know, break glass. You know what I'm saying? And because like I said, the comparison is other art forms. Bob Dylan. Bob Dylan don't really, you know what Emini here, you it, whether you show up to Bob Dylan's thing or by his music, it don't matter. Bob Dylan is Bob Dylan. Correct. And the day that Bob Dylan transitions on, it's gonna stop The World for two days. And, and music and culture, we could do the same in hip hop and rap music. Of course. Look, look, look at you guys. How long you guys been doing radio 16? I've Been doing, we've been doing, I've Been doing 27 years, but we've been doing breakfast club almost 15 years. Yeah, I've been doing it About the same, about 27 years.


Something like that is revered. Where is it revered other than the occupation? Mm. Where is it embedded into the foundation of New York Radio sixth Avenue. Right there. If, if, if you might have not known the name, but we do, they named it, you know, sixth Avenue, that part over close to here. Oh, cousin Bruce Lee Wade. Did you know that? Right, right, Right, Right. Cousin Bruce Lee. Bruce Morrow is one of the legends in New York Radio. Got so many records played in this city, black, white, and diff whatever, you know, on WABC 77 Radio and the AM doll in New York and then went to WCBS Super Legends that are revered in the northeast forever. You guys are the same.


So the whole thing is, and and, and also I don't get into the flower talk Emini here. You could plant flowers and you have plastic flowers. It's like, what it is, is certain reverence for necessary foundations that move our craft forward. These are the things we need. Administrators, managements, you could build a lamb, you could build a Lamborghini or have one. Right. What good is, what good is a Lamborghini on a mud road or swamp. People are building great vehicles in the culture, in rap music and hip hop. The roads of swamp. What Kurt has done with Hip Hop Alliance. We could have some solid ground. Okay, you are an artist. You don't get a lot of fanfare.


Whatever you've done five or 10 albums, you should be part of a union. A union comes up and the and, and the thing about the union, it's not like the thing like we just started a union. No, it's actually tied in legitimate.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neville. Lead To systems that work in at, in the Screen Actors Guild in Hollywood. You don't ever hear a person from Hollywood talking about, oh yeah, there ain't no union. No, they films people, they might be a bit part, they don't, they don't play around. They don't play around in Hollywood. That's the thing that got me also too, before I actually have Kurt explain Hip Hop Alliance, because I know we're running outta time. No, we are not. Keep talking. We go and, and Hollywood, you, you hear about a lot of things how rap rules The World and all that. However, when somebody goes to another area, they might wild out and rap.


They not wildling out in the other areas. That's true. Oh, they, oh, they feel, oh yeah, be on set six o'clock in the morning, that's your ass ain't on the set. Just get 'em outta here. You know why that though? Yeah. Because people Think white ice is colder. They don't act up in front of them. White people. That's true. But I'm saying in all other realms, they treat it seriously if it's white or not. Emini here, there, there, there's organizations out there that are black, you know, they don't play that. You know what I'm saying? But you know, okay. I won't be part of that. But people say, I want to be in the movies and all that. I want to be in this thing over here. I wanna be in the NBA and all that. You could be the best player, but if you're, if you ain't right in the NBA, you ain't even making G League.


Yeah. Go overseas, go to China. And that ain't going to be easy in a minute either. So I think in every area it's not about you, it's what, what You can continue to have the road underneath you Solid. Tell 'em about the SAG after and, and how it's tied in. Oh, well, Before we do that, Mr. Yes, sir. Because you said something a little while ago that, that I can't not let you, there's Something, There's a lot of things, but you said, you said Jesse Jackson told you, and that, that you, and you know, the other brothers and sisters in hip hop were the next lead. Another South Carolina. Yes, that's right. Greenville, the new leaders. Right. You took that responsibility. Serious. Yes. But Malcolm X said no community has athletes and celebrities as leaders except for black people.


And he don't, he didn't like that. So I wanna know, I really wanna know what both of y'all think about that. Oh My gosh. Iactually want to shout out his family right now. Yes, You're right. Exactly. His birthday is coming up Monday On May 21st. Oh Yeah. May. Yeah. No, No, no. May 19th. 19th. May 19th. 19th. May 19th. Right. 19th. He's going to be 100 years old. Everyone. So there's, we Had the minister's birthday on May 11th, so that's how close their birthdays are, I think. Nine. Nine. I got a shout out, out to Ileana. Yes. Iaa and, and Alia, the family, they're doing a big function coming up on the 18th and 19th up in Harlem where he was killed at the Ubon and they're doing a big function o over there celebrating his, his past and his history and legacy.


But yeah, I What did you think when he said, because Malcolm, like you said, Malcolm said, no community has athletes and celebrities as leaders. He didn't like that, but Jesse was telling y'all, no, y'all are the new leaders and you took that responsibility serious. So, well, this was a whole thing about the Civil rights movement from Martin Luther King and to Mr. Russell and John Lewis. Lewis. John Lewis too song. Right. Not John Russell. John Lewis. Well, you made, you made the King holiday song back in 84 too. Right? Right, right. And so, you know, that whole mindset was to reach out to the youth and it's like, we are fishers of men.


This is what Martin Luther King told. And, and John Russell Emini here, John Lewis told Jesse and he extended that whole mindset of let me reach out to the youth and tell them, you guys are the new civil rights movement and this is where hip hop came from. And this is our power. This is our legacy. This is our beginning. The truth of the beginning. It is an extension of the Civil rights movement. So, you know, I love Malcolm. Actually, I grew up right next door in Harlem, two 60 Convent Avenue, the building with 10 floors.


I lived on the ninth floor and when I was like 14, 15, guess who moves right next door? Alia. Shabazz. Wow. And I had a big crush on her. She was beautiful. Incredible. I used to see her walking down the hill, you know, Amsterdam and then Convent. We lived on Conwood was a little hill. So I used to see her walking down the block with her bags and everything. And I used to run and go get the bags and ha carry 'em for her. Or I would see her come to the building. I would open the door press for the elevator and ride upstairs. Yeah, your wife's sitting right there. My Brother, She knew, she knows, she knows the whole story.


I told her it's royalty a million Times. It's royalty. Right. Royalty. Yeah. You know, and she was incredible. So I Emini here, you know, that whole mindset of, of just being an activist, being the voice of the people comes from the civil rights movement comes from Malcolm X, comes from Martin Luther King and Jesse Jackson. When you have knowledgeable people, you know, you always could agree to disagree. You don't have to get in a, you know, like you, you don't have to have the goon moment. You gotta look at it charlamagne like a toolbox. You know, if Malcolm's a, a flathead, then, then you know, Dr. King's Philip's head.


You know what I'm saying? Both of 'em are screwdrivers there. Open up the, close the situation, right. And tighten it. So the toolbox is what you want to have back in the day before, before screens being well read is meaning that okay, you ain't gonna read everything but one thing, you start to learn how to read people, you'd be able to get stories that head to head, face to face, and you do your reading. But then again, you know, knowledge is power, but it ain't 'cause if you can't use it and you can't share it, and that great, that great song that the group Third World did, that heavy D covered, now that we foul love, but do do with it, we talk loveable.


But what you gonna do with it? So, so, so this, back in the day, you know, wordsmiths people always, you always had like the hip cats, whether they, they talked in rhymes, whether they was just cool Emini here back on Roosevelt, long Island, man, home of Dr JI, I grew up down the street from Eddie and Charlie Murphy, man Emini here. We just had a whole different thing in the seventies. But you had guys, the serious big fro ride a a a a stingray backwards. Right. With a record player in their arm with a rake in their hair. And they, you couldn't buy.


No, you couldn't. It wasn't about you couldn't buy their money. They, they were just cool and they were stuck in their thing. Get they brew, get their weed. And that, that they, that's all they did. But everybody gravitated to 'cause what they did, they, they they, they reigned with knowledge, wisdom, and understanding. Even in the eighties when the five percenters had had more muscle, their whole striving was to be civilized even with all the drama that was bestowed upon them. That's right. That's why I don't also make a mockery of, of, of prisons because that's the beginning of the mass pushing in of prisons. So I don't, I don't look at crime or, or or the created criminal as a thing to take lightly.


People serve real, real time for, for offenses that were like, yo man manipulated their way. Then you also got people that's just gonna do the dirty 'cause they do the dirty. But everybody just wasn't, they wasn't dirty criminal minded like that, but they was forced in their situation to be criminal minded, whatever it was. I'm not making excuses for it. I just never went that way because it wasn't something to glorify knowing the seed that it came from. So when somebody say gangster, I'm like, they play gangsters. The real gangsters are government. That's real. And they get a yo Yeah. Really, really Emini here. And, and government's plural. That's why on the first Republican Enemy album, it said, the government's responsible, plural, not, not singular, every single one of Emini here look right now the the games that they're playing and where people's heads and minds at court cases or you know, maybe somebody goes around it's, I won't even even get into the beginning of, because it'd be sound bites for years of course.


But y'all know what's out there. You know what you see. Absolutely. Yep. And once again, what I say, difference between spectacle and spectacular, spectacular, you know what spectacle gets you in the building? Mm. Spectacular. Keeps you coming back for more. That's real. That's why Public Enemy, like anytime that me and fla, we say we could play anywhere in The World. We could be out on tour six months, we could play stadiums and arenas. But then again, what kinda life is that we, you know, we, we sex arians, man. The whole key is being where you gotta be and then do doing that when you want to do not, not that you have to go around and do that. So this year we're, we're playing and opening with Guns N Roses, but I ain't gonna do that for like three months.


I'm gonna do it up to my birthday. Bring my ass back home, man. I was like, like people are, oh man, you be on tour, man, like, oh you coming out this way? Nah, I ain't coming at way. Well, you know, I do agree that, you know, hip hop artists, you definitely are the, are the, are the leaders, especially then. And I, I I started paying attention to Minister Farrakhan because of you, Chuck, because my dad would always try to get me to watch Minister Farrakhan. You know, you sit in front of the teeth but you're not really paying attention. Yeah. And what I heard you say on bringing noise, fire icons of prophet And I think you ought to listen to 'em like, Oh, oh, don't believe the hype, you know, but that, that was my job at that particular time to say in the midst of r and b, Reagan, the bush, bush, bush.


I'm telling you that was a reign of terror. The 12 years, that was a dozen years. And not to say that Emini here we had the 1996 Com Communications Act where it consolidated and got rid of all the black radio stations. So that meant that you could not as a, a, a company or music and records could not individually or regionally negotiate with a region to get your music across it. Single handedly wiped out radio stations. And it wiped out black independent record companies. You had the right kind of guy go down in the, in swamp level under the, under, under the radar to be able to get some organic growth in, in music.


And I, if that's the only thing that's actually getting around, of course, you know, and this is what Emini here by the positive negative thing, plus minus, let's say, right? Basketball talk, the go up a hill man takes what? Energy inertia. You gotta break gravity. That's what making a po that's what Kendra Lamar like, okay, I'm gonna try to at least go here. I know I gotta, you know, go up here in a certain way. But yeah, to get to that mountaintop, you gotta break a lot of ga gravity. But also to come down easy, you could just free fall. And that's what I thought.


That's a lot of times it's like, yeah, you taking the, you taking the free fall away Emini here, anybody could come up with that tactic to rhyme about that and they get that. Ooh. And then it depends on how mature your audience is. If you got a whole bunch of 18 year olds, they gonna look at it differently than a whole bunch of 36 year olds. Seriously? I always used to take a group of young kids. I said, next time, man, tell me the amount of time your parents smile. And that shows you how they ain't playing as many games as you playing. Know what I'm saying? Just count their smiles and the older they rank up, you be less and less of 'em. We, we have music and culture, man keeping, you know, the music and culture man used to keep you smiling.


Just being a fan. And I think that could come in. It's like, and and years ago I got into, you know, into it with Hot 97, not into it. 'cause people don't want to get into it with me. 'cause I I left it alone, but go to, you know, do a concert and you got the guy said, yeah, these are the ends that actually start the revolution. And I'm like, alright, half this place full. Were white people over here when they play football and they hearing the n word. Right? And not to say that we didn't use it, it's just like, yo, that's what they used to call pool room language on the streets, on the corners. But now corporate America's gonna use it and not be accountable for what happens afterwards.


So I had to be able to say, yo man, y'all a radio station, man, y'all, y'all need to be more accountable in this city with MCs. The million MCs wouldn't condone that, especially coming out of a white company. So they introduced y'all like that. Mm. Yo man, I let them know that's good. And sure enough, but you know what? They're checking their, oh yeah, well we ain't getting any feedback from any kids. Kids ain't gonna give you no feedback. You got come in there, say precedent. Oh, we just, we won't play your records no more. And real. So you have to say, you have to be able to say, yo, Harry Belafonte told me, he said, Chuck Paul Roberson told me this.


He said, every generation has to fend for itself, but you can go in there, borrow and also lend. And when you lend, man, don't try to be hanging with them like you part of them. They could see you coming a mile away. And I, and, and last lastly on that, it's like the thing that cracked me up with all the stuff that's going on. You got people in their forties and fifties, right? That don't think that they old. I said, no matter how young you look or whatever, man, it's like somebody's 18, 20, 21, you hanging with them, they could see you. That's right. They see the age coming at you. That's right. So they, you know, I've been your age. You ain't ever been mine. You could always say that's your currency.


That's your currency is the years that you're able to get and be lucky at that. And the troubling fact is that before you used to say, oh yeah, oh dude, you got less years ahead than you got behind you. That's true. That's, that's mathematics. But I don't wanna see that happen with you at 41 and 39 and and 32 and you got all these ailments going on. It's like that, that's something that we all have to look at for the following generation. So I I really commend y'all for being able to, to issue out like some governance in that, you know, because Emini here, you don't have to do it. But at the end of the day, everybody turns around And I say, damn, I could've, damn, I could've did that. I, we all do that And trust me, we are the old guys that they trying to push out.


Okay? Oh yeah. They, they, they, they don't, you know, some people have reverence for it. Some people are like, oh my God, they've been around too long. Well, you know what, you know, know what alleviates that. Find out their names. Let everybody know their personal names and leave a horse hitting your bed. Oh, Jesus Christ. Listen man, listen, lemme lemme tell you this, whenever I say something, right, whenever I say something, Chuck D name is signed with it. Like, there's a whole bunch of Boston Celtics fans butt hurt. 'cause I told her it was Karma and they think I'm talking about Jason Tatum's injury. And I was like, no, I was talking about their style of play coward ball shooting trays. But they have a, oh, that's, that's some sucker move Chuck.


They say on, on X or Twitter, whatever the hell. Like they blame me. I said, listen, I own what I said, I meant what I said. But one thing you know that up there Chuck D or might be a avatar there, I signed everything I say, everybody that does everything in this business is not sign their name next to their word. That's right. That's back in the day. Kurt said, listen, number one thing, whether it was somebody on some goon ish or somebody just on straight, straight up, they say your word gotta be your bond. That's right. That's a New York thing. That's a New York thing. I don't know if it's a Albany thing. I don't know if it, it's a eerie thing.


You know what I'm saying? New York, which is the coolest place, you know, 5% back. You say Yo Mecca, New York, all that center of the universe and all that. Okay. But if it is, then okay, what's the accountability factor that it, it's gotta, it's gotta roll like kings and queens. So You Say word is born and your bond is life and you shall die before your word shall fail. Ah, I heard that before. Yeah. Yeah. Now the alliance in the, that's what you were talking about before. Hip hop alliance, hop alliance, The hip hop alliance is, well first let me shout out KRS one who is our chairman. The chairman. He's been on the road for seven months. Y'all damn out in Europe.


And, and, And I just seen embody somebody in Europe too. I guess the sound man was messing with the sound. Oh yeah. Chris turned off the music and did like a, a seven minute freestyle just going at him destroy. It was, the crowd was going crazy, but Right. That was, that Was, there was nothing, there's nothing like him. That was Chris. Listen man, I've been watching this dude, man, 40 years, man. He's the only dude I've ever seen. Only mc, you know, and, and also my, my my, my buddy buddy brother, brother is Ku mo d who really kind of like opened the door to the scientific execution of vernacular and vocabulary. Smart Man Chris Car is one man's the only dude I ever seen that will walk in the room and change the molecular composition of the room of MCs because he'll go in the room with, for no matter what age and say, yo who mc in here.


And everybody was like, nah, y'all, I just work for UPS, yo, I don I used to do it, but yeah, you know, straight up and down. He'll go in the room and like, who's an mc in here? And cats will be like, yo, that's the thing that he do. You know me, I'm a songwriter And I, And I, and I'm, I'm a I'm a historian. I'm a voice person. I like to consider myself an administrator, a builder, a creator, and and, and somebody who could bring the ball up and then d divvy out the rock. That's what I like to do. And, and so we, you also, you know, I know my lane, I know my roles and my role when Kurt asked me to be one of those, those people in the hip hop alliance.


Yeah. I being a magnet. If people going to ask me, I'm gonna talk about what I'm doing, but can I actually put a little bit in there, you know, back in the day, the Cooley High, they say, can you, you know, put a little bit in for the, for the, for the, the ones that ain't here. Right, right. And that was always the ethic of of or least the, the goal ethic of hip hop. That's right. To put a little bit in, to say that unionizing is a necessity and also the structure that was built, it's not just talk, it's real. And to get those numbers, it, it, it might not have a flashy time. We thank you for the time that was, you was able, you could have said, yo, I don't know, we just wanna talk to you, Chuck, about Radio Armageddon. Right.


And, and, and we are so beyond that. But like I said, my, my, my brother over there at Def Jam and the, and the work that ji as a brother being able to carry the mantle piece, we know that it's a shell and they got Justin Bieber and people like that over there. But, you know, but Def Jam, I was there at the be, well not at the beginning. This man was there at the beginning. You seen the movie Crust grew all that step jam. But my guys, you know, the Public Enemy guys, Hank Shockley, Flav, you know, Terminator all the way down. I would like to think after ll we, we put electro extra electric fixtures in the building, you know what I'm saying?


Long, but also with Grace by the Beastie Boys who never get enough talk either for what they were able to do. So being able to take that light, what I've been able to be in this pri in this, in this industry is a prism. And if you know anything about a prism, the light goes to the prism and then it bounces all different areas. And that's my responsibility and my goal Like a diamond. Yeah. How do they support the alliance and the, Well, well this is Chuck D everyone. He is our president. I just wanna say, you know, I got a call from the founder, one of our founders actually, Chuck D is the founder along with myself and Scott X.


So I got a call, call from Scott X, who is one of the presidents of the naacp and he said, man, we need a union. So I immediately called Chuck and we started this thing back in 2007, but we got railroaded, we got sidetracked. And so we started it again about 2019 or something. 2000, well, 2022 actually, we formed the organization. And I want shout out Chubb Rock, who is our vice president as well. Yeah. There's all people doing real work.


And all me, I'm, I'm, I'm more like a recruiter out there. I do a lot of things. But this is the thing when Chuck, you know, try to bring light to the situation and I'm involved whenever they wanna call me when an emergency break glass. You know what I'm Saying? Gotcha. Yep. Yep. So we have a whole team, Cynthia Horner, you guys know her from B Right on magazine back in the day Magazine and right on and Beverly Page. And there's Tara Martin. There's so many people that we have on board helping out with this organization, labor force organization, and we specialize in ips and trademarks and publishing, trying to fight for the fair wages and fair royalties.


Very, very important. And and healthcare, you guys were talking about the black don't dig track. Right. And it's, it's, it's, healthcare is the number one issue out there for all artists across The World right now. These, they have millions of dollars that they're making for record companies and don't have healthcare, Physical and mental, You know? Yeah. And, and, and it's critical. It's very important that we e this, that, that we can find you healthcare to help you out in your time of need. So


that's the hip hop alliance, hiphop alliance.org, hiphop alliance.org. Anything that you need from dealing with your manager, dealing with your agent, your record company, publishing, streaming trademarks, you know, all of that stuff. We have the experts working for you. That's what it's, and so just get with us. It's free to join right now. And yeah, contact Us. They go, what's the website? Hip hop Hiphop alliance.org Org hiphop lines.org.


Thank you so much. I do have one more question for Chuck D Well, Well, number one, my, my, my, my one of my maintaining year by year goals is never to be Donkey of the Day. That'll never happen. That never happen. Never say never. No, No. My goal is to never be donkey, donkey of the day ass with no pass, you know, addicted to the screens or screaming for the laughs. You know what I'm saying? Not trying to be that. No, I I I've learned so much from both of y'all today, man. I, I just want to ask, are we in the information war or a coach of war? And, and and which one is Radio? Armageddon fighting? You are in a disinformation age. And that started at the turn of the century and it's had several different technological and cultural and, and also societal bumps in the road.


Nobody really can explain. Nobody can explain what the pandemic was or they still people, there's some people out there don't, don't even remember it. That's true. Yeah. Since some people out there say they might have been bad. Oh, I'm this, I'm that. Yeah. I remember your ass stayed in the crib during April, 2020. No, but when nobody was on the block. Yeah, yeah. Right. You know, so you're in a, a disinformation blizzard of data coming at the human mind that might not be, has probably never has been able to handle it. Now new, new people will be born and maybe they'll decipher and handle information that's coming like a blizzard.


But for people from the last century, last centurions, probably not. So the information and data and all that, it's, it's a nonstop blizzard. And how to navigate that. I think people have to be taught how to be medicines because if they're, they're, they're not citizens anymore. Citizens. It's like, Hey, Charlamagne, shake your hand. Look you in the eye, mama respond and all that. You got people that think that it's something. Right now, you always gotta look at seven year windows. Yeah. Yeah. So the answer to your question is that there's been some things that been unexplained. Usually when I tell people something's for gazy, I said, oh man, that's butler pa man, let me stop.


You know. But it's, there's things that we are not going to be able to come up with answers for that we gotta go inside ourselves, build a shell and build a tunnel into those with like-mindedness. Because you're not gonna be able to have your, like-mindedness get to somebody that's paying you no mind mine over matters. A terrible thing Sometimes. You know, when it's, when they say you don't matter and they don't mind paying you no mind. Damn. And what are those books? These books? I'm an artist, I'm a illustrator. Yes, sir. Okay. It's the beginning of, of my, And I, I could get all my, I've, I've created 12 books. I have one for you, Kurt. I I'll send the whole thing, but Okay, no problem.


I have, I have 12 art books And I started out as an illustrator and politically and cartoon wise, I'm actually two artists at the same time. Wow. That's a whole nother story. Wow. But I, my my company is called Enemy Books. It's a, cassock is a book company that publishes my, my book label. And Johnny Temple is, is a great guy. 'cause he's put out books by Glenn Freeman and Black Flag and all that stuff. But he's right there in Brooklyn. And I, I have had art shows around The World look to have some stuff down in MoMA one year because I, like a lot of people talk pop stuff like Basquiat, but you don't know Basquiat.


But they'll wear some Basquiat because it's a hip cool thing to do. But it has to be made to be hip and curated to a point where we like, oh yeah, I think that's cool. I was, you know, we were coming up when Basquiat was there doing this thing more. So you, 'cause you was in the city. Me, I was at Delphi And I, I wanted to just like, I could take that kid, you know, that's, that was that, that was that competitive. I, I was more, I'm more competitive as an illustrator. And I, And I do kind of like, I don't caricatures. It's like I don't care if they exact or accurate, I could do that paint sculpt. But it's all about style and art. Right. And everybody has art in them.


It doesn't mean that you're trying to compete against your iPhone and filters. So I think that also could gotta be developed also, high schools could do a better job at and, and trying to curate their, their drama classes. 'cause everybody wanna be in the movies. Right. What happened to, you know, the football or the basketball team gets supported, but the arts programs don't. That's right. But at the end of the day, everybody's buying art or, or led to consume art. And you can't have companies and corporations control art and they don't let companies in corporations control sports because in the high school and the college level, although now you have the, the NIL and stuff like that.


But there's always that balance and there's a flow there. And the arts, we've seen it truncated. So the arts, health union music, I'm, I'm a culturalist. I'm a relativist and a culturalist. I am good at the things I'm good at and most of the things I am not good at. So when one thing that saves you most of the time, that doesn't make you a donkey of the day. The person ask me a question is the thing that always is cool. I don't know. That's right. Or, or like, I got no words. Or when you ain't got nothing to say, Say nothing. Well, I say, I'll say this, that Chuck D is a great artist.


I have seen his work Emini here we have this group chat that we have for the hip hop alliance, about 10, 15 people on the group chat. And we are discussing business and or traumatic situations that happen or who we can help next. And Chuck, when there's a death in our community, Chuck will do a art piece right quick and post it before we get off the chat. Yeah. And I'm like, this man is incredible. Well, I don't think it's incredible. It is. I train myself And I, And I won't talk long about it. I trained myself to back in the day to be a courtroom artist.


Oh. And we're starting to see that's where it comes from. Like it with, with my man's case, now you're seeing only courtroom drawings. Right. Back in the day, the courtroom illustrator would have to do the illustration and then jet down to the TV station to get it for the six o'clock news. Right. But then now with, you know, with phones and gadgets and you can actually send it through the text and all that's different. But as you, you see in the New York case, no photo, no cameras are allowed. So they still like in last century on that tip. But what's coming outta there is illustrations. Illustrations. Right. So I train myself, especially like this what you do with tour downtime.


But then I created things, Then again, you have your own style. Yeah. Style is just like, William, I'm seeing you got no, if you have your own style, nobody can bite you. Emini here, they, they gotta bite you, but you not competing against anything. Right. Right. So yeah, I could do something like draw this whole room off a memory. Right. To the accurate. But you know, I ain't spending a long time doing that Emini here. Chuck ain't listening on them calls though. Do you know when y'all talking? He just on them tag? He Oh, he can multitask. Oh yeah. Yeah. I, I just to have, listen, I'm multitask. I gotta draw this whole room and not even look at that or y'all, that's crazy because it's like I could, but then it ain't about me on that tip. I just, you guys got my, my book. I'll send you all my whole thank you catalog.


You can see it back. You see your book? That's all right. Let me give you my list. I got books. I'll send it guys. Well, Chuck D ladies and gentlemen Curtis Blow. Appreciate y'all so much for joining us man. And not just for joining us, man. Just thank you for, you know, existing and thank you for, you know, all the f the fights y'all fought. That's right. For hip hop for black people. We really appreciate y'all. Absolutely. Thank y'all. Appreciate y'all are giants. And I, And I really appreciate once again for, for, for being able to offer your throne to the Godfather. Oh Man. No, no, no. My, my gratefulness is extended to you guys. This is the first time I've ever met you in person.


Charlamagne I think. I think so too. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard about you. You are a big, kind, big time cat. God is good. I'm doing okay. Yeah. Thank you brother And envy. You know, we go way back. Absolutely. And my man, it's good to see you. Always good to see you as well. You know, I shouting out the five boroughs. I gotta shout out my Knicks. You know, I just Stay off of seventh Avenue a little bit. I just talked To That's right. The lead increasing the fourth quarter and it is us stay out seventh Avenue. Talked to, I talked to Bernard King the other day and he is a good cat man. He is a very, you know, he was like MVP for the NBA.


That's right. A couple of years and you know, it's just amazing to still be in touch with people like Patrick Ewing and John Starks and Alan Houston Starbury I see over there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alan Houston, big big shout out to him and my boy UNC and the New York Knicks. I hope we get this game six tonight. Everyone. We got It. When you name checked people in basketball, that had to been something When, when you run into those players and they're like, man, you name checked me, like Dominique Wilkins and people Like that. Oh man. Yes, yes, yes. It is always great to be a part of that whole scene, you know, so shout out to Jalen Brunson and Kat and og.


My man OG Bridges. Man Bridges. Yep. What a great team. What a Great team. I like to leave with one note, just, just to say that we want to be able sometimes to use social media for all the power that it has been in its creation. It's always better to shine somebody's day up by congratulating instead of it being used for hating. There you go. That's true. There you go. Absolutely Emini here. The compliment, when you receive a compliment, if you could open your day, when you open up whatever you receive a compliment, just give a compliment on just gp. Right. And yo man, I love that. That's cool. I could dig it. Boom. Like that. It goes a long way because we gonna have to figure out, you know, a, a certain lifecycle with these gadgets and devices.


'cause they, they here to stay, you know, even when they get implanted into your, into your gums. Oh, that's coming. That's right. Nor Northern Link is right there. Absolutely. Absolutely. And shouting out to five boroughs. Y'all, we can't forget that, man. I love you all queens. You know, my heart is in Queens, long Island, Brooklyn. I love you. Harlem. You know, I was born and raised in Harlem, Connecticut, and Jersey. And, and The Boogie down, you know, we can't forget the Boogie down Bronx gave us hip hop, this whole movement. Yes, indeed. And if the future is yours, I just want to tell all the young people listening, the future of this planet is in your hands.


You know, and don't forget about Staten Island. Of course. We love Come on, you talk. Everybody, everybody forget About Staten. Shout. Shout. I was gonna say Richmond County. Okay. Say Right, right, right. Tang. That's right. Right. G is blow. Chuck D Man, I love you guys and love. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the movement. Thank you for the support and hip hop church. Y'all coming June 5th up in Harlem, one 60 West 146th Street. Y'all see the, you saw the Godfather Harlem. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Before building that he lives in right next door is the Hip hop church. Okay.


All right. So big shout out to all my people up in Harlem as well as the Boogie Down. I love you all. Let's continue this movement. Hip hop is the number one stream music around the globe right now. We are the voice of the people. And let's take it further. Let's leave them with these words of Martin Luther King. That any time is the right time to do The right thing. That's right. And it's The Breakfast Club. I love y'all. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.