
Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we are taping this on Halloween. That's why Charlamagne and myself have on these costumes. I don't Have a costume. It's regular. All this is regular. This is regular then this is regular. All these Ways be smashing a one piece on a regular. I know that's right. This is regular then. All that's right. Now We're run a company. Y'all. All right. Well we got a special guest in the building. Yes sir. We got the brother Caden Mingo, welcome. Thank you. How you feeling man? It's a Pleasure to be here. It's really a blessing. Happy to have you, man. Tell him who Caden Mgo is for those who don't know. Caden Mingo. Young kid from Long Island, Farmingdale, New York.


Got two brothers, two loving great parents. Just a young kid trying to be great at what he does. Amazing basketball player. Four star combo guard. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I would say point guard, but You know. It's, it is a blessing to really be noticed as You know with the stars next to your name and everything and have my name continue to rise and rise. Alright. So You know today's a a very special day, but before we get into that, let's, let's talk about how you got into basketball and the love for basketball. 'cause basketball has changed. I'm sure for your pops You know back in the day, You know playing the part and, and that's how you got your skills up Nowadays. It's a lot of training and training and more training.


So let's, let's talk about how you, how you started your love for basketball and what made you run and put the effort and time to do it. Yeah, I got my Pops never really played basketball. He, he was more of a football player, so I ain't never get none of that from him. Really. He, he would always be in the gym with us and help us. The athleticism though? Yeah, The athleticism, yeah, A little bit. And then when I was younger, Damn pops, I was looking back like that. He wasn't really much of an athlete. Wasn't much an he, he was the he to the game. Big You know, but I mean, did he play this Jersey was the cleanest Jersey Boy You know. And then when I was younger, my parents always just had us You know with, with my older brother. 'cause he played basketball. He was growing up, he was in high school when we was younger.


And I would always You know me and my little brother would be running around in the middle of the games and stuff, playing one on one verse each other. So I would really say You know, just looking up to him as a role model that that's, that's when I wanted to play basketball. That's where I got it from. What, Where did you fall in love with it though? Yeah. Fell in love with it. What did you take it serious? Probably around middle school. Around middle school. You know, seeing your name get out there more and more and more people notice you. It becomes something you You know, begin to really have a more of a love for, I Would say. I always wonder how you, how you keep it from feeling like a job. Like when you are in the position that you in, because You know you going to college. I'm sure you got pro aspirations.


How do you keep it from feeling like work? Just, just reminding yourself that you, you do this for fun. That's why, that's why you started playing for fun and it's, it's, it's just a sport. It's not, it's not who you are or anything. It's just something you do. And what about your grades now? You know a lot of times y your grades get, you don't really focus on school because you play basketball so much. How are your grades and and how are you making sure you are focused? Yeah. My, my pop's a principal so he Don't Oh, you pop the principal. Oh, he don't play there. Nah, He don't, he don't play that. I've been on honor roll every quarter in high school, so I would say I'm pretty solid with all that. And you said something just not as powerful. You said basketball is just something you do, it's not who you are. Yeah. You know I read a lot of Dr.


Wayne w Diet, the power of intention and that's something that he always says, you, you are not what you do. You know, like a lot of us get caught up in that. When did you learn that mentality? It's, it is still something I work on You know because it could be, it could become stressful You know when it up with ups and downs. But I would, I would say I'm still working on it, but I, that's what, that's something my parents told me and one of my high school coaches always emphasized. Coach J he always tell us that and remind us this. So I always say like ninth graders when I got introduced to it, wow. My parents always let me know about the concept of It. Now, what players inspired you? Like coming up or even right now? Like who are your biggest inspirations Right now?


NBA players? Yes. NBA Players, NBA players Or retired players? Either all. Yeah. I was blessed enough to have mellow in my circle and play with Cayenne since young. So I would say he's taught me a lot. He's took me under his shoulder and then right now I like Tyrese Maxey a lot with Philly and You know how he operates and how he's, he was able to You know at such a young age, become one of the faces of the programs. Now you What, what do you like about Max's game? Everything. He, he could really score he pass, he played on or off the ball. I, I think it's similar. It's similar to my game. You won co MVP, you mentioned Cayenne, you won Co MVP at the ACEs Hustle and Hearts Classic along with Cayenne winning that, like what was that like for you?


What did that mean to you? It, it meant a lot You know with the ACEs with the history of how many players have came through and it was a good game. It was a, it was a good thing that we won the game 'cause it was real close, hard fought and I really appreciate them for recognizing what I did and how I played and congratulated me with that award. Do you feel like it should have been a coin MVP or you felt like you just deserved it all? I, I felt like the CO MV VP was good. Where Cayenne played well also Caan busting ass. Yeah, it's crazy to think I used to be taller than Cayenne. He was never taller than Cayenne. What you talking about? He came out the womb taller than You. You out your mind came out the, this crazy I think about stuff like that Bro. What year was that? 2024. How long ago was that?


Because you about what like five, 2011. Four 11. Kanye what? 15? Probably 15, 14 years Kanye. 17. 17. Well that's probably 16 years ago. You you never been that tall. He Never had to say said to go to the Cabinets. That's crazy. What's Your relationship like now? You and Kanye? Yeah, we, we. Cool. That's my guy. You know real close with him on and off the court. That's, that's my dude. That's him. What advice does Melo give y'all? He just tells us to be ourselves and don't, don't change for anybody and just stay confident through everything and just be Levelheaded. Is New York full of distractions? Man, I feel like New York would be like very full of distractions for young ball players like yourself. You, you could say so, but You know a lot of different parties and different things going on and people trying to You know get to you when you start to get a name a little bit.


But I would say you just gotta stay focused and keep doing what got you got you to where You are. The beauty of it is, it seemed like you got a strong circle You know. Yeah. So I'm sure they keep you grounded for sure. Alright, Now you made the decision to say that you were wanted to announce what school you wanted to go here on The Breakfast Club. What made you wanna make that decision to say I wanna do it not necessarily a conventional way, but to come up here and do it on The, Breakfast Club. I mean we appreciate it, but I'm just curious to what the reason was. It's a first, this has never happened. Nah, it never happened. That's, that's one of the reasons it never happened before. And You know there's been celebrities up here with y'all, so I was really blessed to have the opportunity and You know. It was just the idea that me and my agency came up with and then we just made it work from there.


As soon as they asked me, I said, yeah, for Sure. Your your, your top finalists were Georgia, PenFed, state, Virginia Tech and Wake Forest. What, what is it about those schools that got them to be your top four choices? Definitely, definitely the relationship with the staff. I would say with all the people in those rooms and You know the type of people that they are. You know, having conversations with them, you could get a little bit of a sense of who they are and the fit with the school, the opportunity ahead and just feeling somewhere like with those four schools, I feel like I could thrive at any one of. And when you're sitting around with your circle, like when you're talking about things that the school has, what, what's a non-negotiable for you?


Like, yo, I, this school has to have this for you to go? Mm, The Girls Nah, Nah, It's kind of stupid. Doesn't All of these schools have girls? None Of these are, all these schools have Girls You know what I mean? When I say the girls, they're girls. It's, it's the difference between girls and the girls. Nah, I got it. You know what I'm saying? What's wrong with you man? Come on. He ain't never been nowhere. I got a girlfriend. Oh, Okay. What was the question again? What's non-negotiable? Like what does school have to have? Oh, well we never really talked about that, but I would just say I feel like as far as the coaches go, I feel like me as a family, me and us as a family, we feel like we have to have a somebody in position and guiding me.


That's a god-fearing man. I would say. Dope. Dope. I do have a a a question You know a lot of these players like yourself go to the these colleges and they one and done. Is, is that what you're thinking right now? Is is is that what's on your mind? I would love to go one and done, but it's just You know all God's time, however long it takes. Or even if I don't play in NBAI would You know what, what? Whatever's in store for me. What about the academic side? You know. You know what you would wanna study? I was thinking finance and psychology. Yeah. All. All right. Well now the time is now ladies and gentlemen. Caden Mingo is about to decide and disclose what school he wants to go to. Before you do that, do high school.


Y'all Ain't got the hats? Y'all don't got all four of the hats? Yeah, that's how be on tv. We Good? Oh, They like we got our stuff. Watch your Business. Heard you. They got, they got all that stuff right now. Well, Caden Mingo is about to decide what college he is going to take his talents to. It is between Georgia, PenFed, state, Virginia Tech and Wake Forest. Let's give the Mike c Mingle. What do you think this is Big This's Big. Next year I'll be attending. Okay, are we going? PenFed State Congratulations. Thank you, family. Congratulations.


I My hat Don play with me. PenFed State PenFed. Come on, family stand out. Make sure you get all, all Family. Hey, congratulations. What, What was it? Why of all the four schools, PenFed State, when you were PenFed, PenFed, PenFed, what was the deciding factor for PenFed State? You know, just like we talked about, I felt like it was the best fit, best opportunity, best style to play and also the best relationship with the coaches, especially Coach Rose, the head coach. And I just feel like this is the best place I could thrive and the, the place I could thrive the most at. You got any partners there? Like anybody that's already playing there? That's that Cool with already playing? Yeah. Nah, not really. Mason Blackwood coming with me though. That's my guy. He played in New York versus New York with me. Okay. Okay.


So y'all gonna make some noise next year then? Yeah. Yeah. We, we going to try. Well you make sure you send us some jerseys and congratulations for sure Congrat. Thanks a lot. I Love it. Don't think too far into the future though. I know that you got NBA aspirations, but you gotta go bust ass at PenFed State first. A Hundred percent. I got a friend that went to PenFed State and then when he played there, he went right to NFL. Oh yeah. Yeah. Devon Steel. Yep. So it's a great school. Gotcha. Wow. Well ladies and gentlemen, Caden Mingo, if you haven't heard his name, look him up. That's right. He's from Long Island, four Star Guard combo. He's going to PenFed State next year. Make sure you support this brother and All that. And it's dope. You just like you guys seem like you got a real stable situation. You got your family, you got your girl, you gonna be good for Stay away from White.


He said God. Say That again. Stay. I'm just saying. How You know you got a white Woman now you gonna be a, I don't. You're right, but just, I'm just telling you, your girlfriend White, stay away from the white women. Don. Listen. Do you learn a lesson today? Katie? Like, damn, why I come up here? That was good. I'm telling them the truth. Okay. They gonna be praying on you. I'm telling you You know that I know you putting him. I know his daddy putting him on. They listen to your father. We're happy For you. Congratulations. You go. Thanks a Lot. Jesus Christ. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Caden Mingo. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Congratulations. Wake that ass up in The. Breakfast, Club.