
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on Lars here as well. We got a special guest in the building. We have Tamar Braxton, welcome back. Hi. Thanks. How You feeling Girl? I feel great. How you feeling Friend? I'm good. I can't complain. You got a lot going on. I do. Let's start. Let's start first with the cooking show. You have a cooking show, we start positivity. Yes. How is it's So positive. Oh, here we go. Oh shoot. You know, you at, okay. Well you know I have a cooking show with my mom and this has been a lifelong dream for her and it's been 10 years in the making and everybody knows I've been very open and honest about our situations at we TV like years ago.


Right. And like why we couldn't do other things. And so the opportunity presented itself again 10 years later and here we are. Yeah. And now it's under my own production company. Okay. Congratulations. I didn't know that part of it. Your own production company. Yeah, because every when I, when I saw the announcement, I was like, every time y'all do like reality TV or family related TV stuff, you always have to come out like, I don't wanna do this anymore. Like, you upset about it. I'm like, why would she go back into The space? Not all the time, it was just that one particular same people. Okay, Gotcha. But I just, I felt, I felt like you, you, you've been a lot better at protecting your space. And I'm like, why would she throw herself back into that? But now it makes sense. 'cause you have more control. Yeah. But this is not a reality show. This is a cooking show. Yeah. And this is a cooking show that I'm sharing with my mother and it's probably one of my favorite projects that I've put out since the Braxtons.


Wow. Yeah. And what are y'all cooking on the show? What, what kind of food? Okay. So this show is really about people who want to cook, who are intimidated about cooking. And so we're making it easier for you all to not, you know, feel so intimidated about cooking because it's really not that serious. Like What type of meals? Like Okay, so last night's episode that came on. Yep. I made like Rasta pasta. Okay. Oh, So like you made, So It's like easy stuff. Yeah. Right. Okay. Okay. Food tastes it and says it's good. Do you have any judges? Well, I do have different people on there. Okay. My sister Trina came on there. Okay. My son comes on there. He's very honest. Like me and Mitch, he's on there too. Like Emini here. We have real people on the show, like just real behind the scenes people who's honest.


But my food is always good though. Okay. Yeah. I ing And I cook. You sing on the show? You singing, you cook. Why you No, in my life. Oh, you like And I cook. Got it. What's your go-to dish? Like what's your favorite? Like what You want? Oh wow. You like that? It's good like that. It Gives That What's your, what's your go-to dish for a man? Like what, what is the, to impress a man, what are you gonna cook for the man? So if he likes cheese, I, this is what I say, always go to Alfredo. Mm Yes. Homemade Alfredo. It's the best. Or some type of salmon and spinach. Mm. Yeah because it looks like you put a lot of effort into it, but it's really no effort. Yeah. I feel like sometimes the guys be coming at like, they make Alfredo and salmon seem like if you cook that you don't really know how to cook.


Like they come at those meals sometimes. Well, I've only been single for a little while so this is my first time hearing that I've been out here. I've been out here, She's been single for a long time. First of all, don't say a long time. It's been about like a year. Like don't do me look longer than that. You know what if we go to a restaurant, right? Yeah. Nine times outta 10 and you don't know the food. Yeah. You're gonna pick something safe and what is safe? A salmon dish with spinach or some type of greens. Something like mashed potatoes. Right? Yeah. And you're gonna be satisfied. So why not do that at home? It's an easy one. Yep. Now you look, You look you are very glowy right now. You absolutely Scan taking glasses off all The blue liner under, why would You have glasses that you Look good, you know, it's a little vibe, a little biker vibe.


So what, what changed? 'cause I know that sometimes you didn't seem as glowy, you didn't seem as happy. What got you to a place where you look happy? Like you look very happy. You not Emini Here I am happy. I, I feel like I'm always happy. I don't know, I took a year off to be by myself and to really heal and to really figure out, you know, what I wanted in my life and where I wanted to go. And maybe that's what that is. Is Do you love, love do, are you ready to get back into love and back into dating? I seen you post something about you gotta make sure people don't have HIV, which was just totally, Well not that I said I'm on prep. Okay. You go prep. Okay. It's true though, you know, I don't know if I'm ready for love, I know that I'm ready to, you know, put myself back out there.


Yeah. So what happened in the last relationship? Like what happened? I don't wanna talk about that. And the reason why I don't wanna talk about that is because I don't wanna be disrespectful. You know what Emini here, I wanna stay on this path of you know, like it was what it was and it was my favorite relationship until it wasn't. And that's that on that. And there's children involved And I definitely don't wanna def offend them. I got you. And I don't wanna keep talking about their dad. Got it. Where they're offended about, you know, me saying things about him that they feel that is derogatory. You know what, Emini here. Well what is your type? Do you have a type of, I don't Know if I have like a real, like aesthetic type. Right. But I do know I like nice guys. You know what Emini here? I like respectful men. I like men who wanna be monogamous.


Although where are they? Yes. You know? But yeah, that's, that's my starter Kit. And somebody that can handle Tay. Really? You think so? I feel like at All levels, not just nice. Not a lot of, I don't feel like I'm a lot in a relationship, you know? I feel like when it comes to my job I am very like into it and demanding about that. But in relationships, I'm like, Everybody, everybody behind you is laughing when you said that, Look away when you say I'm not what? I'm not alive little, I'm a lot. I'm a lie. Can you say Yeah, friend? Yes. Yes. I don't think I'm a lot. I I feel like I'm very submissive actually. Yeah.


So When it comes to dating, have you thought about with your son? Like how is that gonna work? When, when are you gonna introduce him? Does he, your son have to like, like have you thought about that component? He, he's Golden now. He's 11. He just like you. He is very honest. So He's like me and my mother. Your mother? Yes. Okay. You know how you get around Baltimore people, you start talking Baltimore. That's right. So, okay. So here's the thing. That's why I say I'm not gonna, you know, date seriously until he gets of age because I don't wanna keep introducing him to the wrong people. What do you mean serious mama need her, her, her. I do. But you know her own too. It's not really fair to him that these relationships keep going sour, you know? But you don't plan for that.


I don That's not you intend For. I don't, I don't, I definitely didn't this last time. But the truth of the matter is, is that it happens and you know, I don't wanna keep introducing my son to these guys and they let him down. You know? Do do you think social media plays a big part in breakups? Social media played a big part. I feel like. Okay. You know, I wish I could have been or had the opportunity to have been more private. Yeah. Yeah. But I know the next go round it will definitely be private. Yeah. Did you and your son have a conversation about like, your decision to wait until he was 18? Like, was he like, Hey mom, what if we just kind of like That? No, it's not like that. That was the decision that I made. Gotcha. Because I'm a single mom and you know, I'm in protective mode all the time of my son, son.


So, yeah. So what, what happens if you do date somebody and they get close to your son and it doesn't work? Do you still allow him when they break up to still speak to your son? Or is it a wrap? I, I often do. You never speak? Yeah, because that leaves the door open a little bit. Like, 'cause that I can put my foot in just a little bit and see, tell Your mother, I, I don know about I'm a Pisces mother is the rap is a rat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know, I feel like the relationship that he's has has established with that person that should play out the way that it needs to. I can't involve myself in that. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. What has your, I know you were celibate for some time. I'm still celibate. Oh, for real. It's not over yet real? Yeah. No. Okay. Is there like a time period that you're doing or is it just like when you get to a place spiritually, how long Have you celibate?


A year? Yeah. Jesus damn Day. Yeah. Like not even a kiss. Whoa. How you not not a Vibrator. Not nothing. How do you do that? Nothing. I'm not really a touchy feely kind of person on myself anyway. On myself anyway. But like you're still meeting guys though and kind of like you have friends I'm sure. Casual conversation. I have friends, casual conversations, but I'm not interested. There's no one that I've been interested in. Wow. Yeah. You don't earn earn for that feeling, that touch that Of course I do. But you know, where does that lead to? You know what Emini here If if they're not like-minded and we're not on the same page. Gotcha. It's like I'm dating for intent. You know what, Emini here at this point.


Yeah. Nobody is dating to intent for intent anymore. Anymore. It's crazy. Yeah. And what's the longest you've ever been celibate? Is this it? This is it. Oh, you hurt right now. I'm actually, now I'm okay. You right. Yeah. I I'm super crazy busy and I've done a lot of healing. And what Have you been doing as far as healing? Well, you Know, I believe in therapy. Okay. Oh good. Yeah. I really believe in therapy and I've just been taking out time for myself to get to know me, you know? Yeah. Was your Celibacy Journey hard in the beginning? No. No? No. Oh. Tamar was fed up, fed up. 'cause I say it a few times that I was gonna be celibate and then I was what? And then she got pregnant. Then she got pregnant.


I ain't never even said it. I don't even wanna lie like that. No, No, no. I think that, you know, once you come to a point of where you're ready for a change, you have to start making different decisions to get the changes that you want, the results that you Want. What did you learn about yourself? You said you, you learned a lot about yourself. What did you learn about yourself? That I was a perpetual relationship person And I just wanted to be in a relationship instead of looking for the right relationship for me. Gotcha. Yeah. But you said I, I saw you on Sherry and you said that you are ready to get back to dating though, right? I'm, I am. So how does that work with your celibacy? Are you dating people that are also on a Celibacy Journey? Well, I Haven't been on one yet. Oh. No date yet at all. Well that was just a couple days ago. Yeah. Well that was yesterday.


Yesterday. Oh shoot. That was Yesterday. Dang. That was yesterday. It was yesterday. So ideally for you, what's that first date back outside looking like? I don't, yeah, the outside is weird. It yeah, it's, it's very weird. Yeah. And I don't know what that looks like, sis You know what Emini here because I don't think we all know what that looks like until we meet that person and they show themselves. Right. Yeah. I never imagined at, at my age or this stage of the game that I'd be single. Yeah. So it's kinda weird. Anyway, you know what, Emini here. So you Gotta explain one thing to me though. One friend go, you talk about HIV v prevention. Yeah. But you celibate. Yeah. So you taking the h hiv v prevention that early just to, just to make sure, You never know, but you having sex, what you, we don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow.


Never. I wouldn't be prepared but outside. But You celibate until I'm celibate until it happens. What wa was there a scare? 'cause what made you No, it wasn't a scare. You know, the fact of the matter is that the outside has changed and people are not monogamous at all. Everybody has the same boyfriend and it's, what is scary for me is actually contracting something because I am looking, you know, And I am dating. So that's what's scary to me. And then not for nothing before HIV you got chlamydia, you know, you still got the, the, the gonorrhea, the herpes, it's a whole bunch of other things. There's crabs go Around, but there's, there's also a medicine for that too. Crab still around. There's also a different kind of prep for that Yeah. As well.


So, you know, we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. Yeah. But for now, prep period, Hopefully you don't get to that bridge though. You know what, hopefully not. You know. But I'm not saying I'm out here raw dogging or I will raw do. Yeah. But you know, things happen. Yeah. You know, we don't. Hello? Yeah. So you recently reconciled with Tony. What You mean reconciled? I don listen. You, you got to tell me why? Because You blocked. How do you, like, how do you reconcile with your, with your family? Like you fall in and out all the time When you block somebody. I'll beefing. When you unblock you're not beefing no more. That's what that's Well blocking doesn't mean we beefing. Blocking means you just working on my nerves And I don't feel like seeing you right now. So that was just a, a sister thing. That was just a Sister thing. She blocked on my phone. I think being blocked on your phone is like the extreme.


I don't feel like blocked on social media means real life. Right. That means I don't feel like seeing you on my timeline right now, like you. But did she Know that she was blocked Emini here? Did she know that she was gonna do that? That the argument had gotten that far apart? Yeah. Tony Actually be a liar. She don't even have social media on her phone. That was her representation that did it. You said she be the act antagonist sometimes. Yes. The oldest because she A big sister. So that's what happens. You know what I'm saying? Like it's not, I know that everybody wants it to be like rotted out won't do wild with me because, because tammar, they think tammar comes with a bunch of drama. Yeah. But it's just like regular life stuff. Yeah. It just blows up. It just blows up because of who, who you are. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What were y'all beefing about?


What was the argument so intense that you said I'm a block her. I Remember it was very minute probably, but she's a sister and you Get blocked and then the little sister most of the time is a brat. You think I'm a brat? I'm not a brat. We have Tamar. I'm not a brat. I'm not a what makes me a brat? Younger siblings just get away with a lot. And Just the voice. What, what makes me a brat? You know, you are a Brat. I'm not. She has a younger sister too, so I'm sure She's Yeah. Also you is the oldest. Yes. Not A Younger brother. It's even worse with a younger brother because they really, because what boys are mommy's babies. So it's like, oh my God, he Can't, I feel like y'all jealous. That's why y'all call us bras. 'cause we not no bra, we no different than y'all. We are a little tired. And that's why y'all antagonistic. Y'all like to call out names.


Y'all like to throw out names and talk about us, but we better not say nothing. We gotta take It a little bit. Exactly. And so we were in y'all shoes before, like I was everywhere my little sister was at. And then when I tried to tell her something she, well I'm gonna live my own life and then I'm gonna do this and I'm and you weren't gay. And I'm like, all right. A little bit. A little bit. I was, but you know, because she told me I don really know her because she gay. I'm like, I tried that a little bit. I've been over there before. And then what happened when something go wrong, Jess? Who she call first. She calls me exactly when it comes to the co-signing of the car. When it comes. I be like, no, I thought I was, I thought, but I'm gonna sign it for you and you know I am because you are a brat. That's Not And I love you Brat. Its, But you a brat and you know what it is. Y'all got a chance to live life lessons before we did.


Yeah. And it's frustrating for y'all to watch us go through the things that y'all went through. Yes. And so that's what that is. That doesn't make us a brave Us younger, we tell you don't step in the power and you still step in the power. Yeah. You stepped in the power though. So we, But I ain't had nobody to tell me not to. That's the point. But I get it. I get exactly what it was. Does it bother you that your, your whole life is so on social media? 'cause everything that you do and people are gonna compare, that doesn't matter who you're dating. If you unblock your sister, if you block your sister, whatever happens with you. But you guys kind of did it 'cause you did that. But does it bother you now? It's irritating now because I can't really get away from that stigma that I'm problematic and always the issue.


Right. But I think that is something we signed up for a long time ago and we didn't know that we were signing up for. So Yeah. Does It affect you business wise? Like as you're doing new things under your production company and stuff like that? Is is that an annoying feature? No. I have five TV shows that I shot. Period. I know that hell is right. What is this? March? March, 2025. March 27th, Five in the can. Love That for you. Congratulations Baby. Thank you. And an album. And, And back to All That. The back making music. Yeah. Back making Music or put you back into that space. Is that your your my getaway, my zen making music? Yeah. You know, I usually put out a single on my birthday. Remember the last time I was here. Yep. But, And I told you guys there was a EP that was coming or album that was coming, but then like life happened.


Right. And I'm actually glad that life happened because I feel like this is like my best project. Really? Yeah. So good. Why, why do you feel this is your best? Because I am just putting myself out there and putting everything that happened to me. Especially like within the past year and a half. You know, I just, so You talk about your relationship and how it affected you and All that life. Yeah. What Was the most difficult thing to do? I was gonna say was it triggering for you? No, it wasn't triggering. It was therapeutic because I'm in therapy. Oh. So it really wasn't triggering. It was actually, you know, I, I look at it as a sign of release. A sense of release. Yeah. And then you have October nights you'll be joining Octo October London for the October nights lovers.


We'll be, we'll be joining each other. Okay. Y'all joining each other? Yes. All the October nights calling our Lovers tour. And I'm really excited we're calling our Lovers is a album that I didn't get a chance to promote because I got sick. I don't know if you guys remember that was like a couple years ago. And so now that I'm not sick and you know now that things are going well for me in life, I decided to go back and kind of showcase that album. Yeah. For that Tour. I love the fact that the special guest is James. Isn't that spectacular? Yo. What? That Is crazy. I can't wait. The tour starts on April 17. Why you better Andy? I love Ro James. You know what? I don't even wanna say but I, I'm gonna say 'cause there's a clip out there.


So pause, pause, pause. You know when New York could say pause? Yes. They about to say something that's might sound a little good. Okay. What Ro James came up here one time. Right. And Charlemagne looked at Roe James and he was like, he has to be the thickest man I've ever seen in my life. Shut what? Leave. I swear everything. Pull the clips. Why do You say that? Charla said he Was said that because Charlamagne thick. Thick. He's Thicker than Charlamagne. Like thick In the ass. Like he had a He was, yes, he got. Oh, okay. Wow. Okay. Ro Now Ro I'm gonna tell you something man. Okay. When you was over there doing drops, envy looked over there and envy goes, yo, who's that with the fatty? I did not say yes he did. I did not. He did. I don. He did.


But Charmagne did say I don Yo, I don't believe you bro got a fatty. No I didn't say that you that I definitely didn't say that. Who was The guy that came up here from Queens that you complimented his ass? That he got a some tight buns. I can't remember his name. Complimented his as And I ain't never compliment his Man as you did. You complimented his ass. He was doing a drop right through the window and you was like, look at his ass. Ro James Complimented His ass. He did compli his As I said, God damn he got a fat ass. That's A Compliment, right? By the way. No, let's be for real for a second. You know how fat a man's ass gotta be for another man to say he got a fat ass? Why don't you tell us I'm a heterosexual man. I'm a cisgendered male. Okay. His ass is obnoxiously fat for a man. All right, come on man. That man got some hips in the ass for he, he got some hips in the ass man.


Yeah man, come on man. He might need to be in the Guinness Book of World Records. So something ain't right with Ro James. He's ab he's abnormally built for a young man. Okay. My goodness. There's Some guys that have hips. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We like the hip committee. I Don No y'all do. You don't like the hip committee? Not on the man I'm dating. I don't wanna look at your waist to be like, well not well. Not not Manu day ain. Saying what man? No, No, no. Emini here. I don't mind if somebody is sick but not my man. I just, you know, I don't wanna be like thin. You like a thin No, I like you like a thin on thin. 'cause you thin. No, I like the, like the muscle and all that but just like the booty and the, you know how sometimes you see a man, you be like thin. Yeah. Like nigga, but can't be bigger than you. Yeah. Like I'm a little ju Well mine is, you know, But I'm just saying I'm not a hip committee.


Yeah. But it's kicking off April 17th. April And in Virginia. In Virginia. Yes. And then we go to DC I'm excited. I'm excited. I know you are. What's up with you and Candy? Why y'all throwing shit at each Other? Gonna, yeah. Okay. So I have been pondering in my head And who started it. Okay. So I'm not gonna really get into it because I don't want to muster up. Okay. So we really basically wouldn't be here if I wasn't lied on. And that's my thing. Like I can deal with anything. Right. But don't lie on me. Yeah. You know what? Emini here. So that's my thing. And so wait, When you say lie, you're talking about when Kandy said Todd did not come for you or threaten you, but you said he did when y'all had that backstage moment.


So that clip ca came up. That was three years ago. And it really did something to me because she didn't choose to kind of like divert from the situation. She chose to call me a clown and that pissed me off because we wouldn't be here had it not been for the lies. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? But what I don't wanna do is continue that conversation and take away from all the hard work that I have been doing these past couple of years and make it about a beef that I actually don't have with a person currently. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Were y'all ever cool or no? Oh my god, yes.


Yeah. Are you kidding me? Like, like the whole escape group, like I am E's Godmother and Tiny is Logan's godmother. So we have been around each other for like 20, 30 years. Right. And so it was really a lot for us to have that kind of a falling out because of a lie when you just should have told the public you did what you did and it was what it was and everybody moves on. But continuing to stick by the narrative that, oh it has to be Tamar because Tamar has, it's an easy target to me it was wrong. And that's where I'm at with it. Yeah. Is there any chance to reconcile like if somebody put you on the Yeah.


To ask her that. You know, I just feel like when you lie on a person publicly, then it's your responsibility to make that right. Do you feel like you, you're the easy target when it comes to a lot of things because of the show and and your personality and the things that you've been through. You feel like you are the easy target when it comes To people. Yeah. The brax have been on for 12 years. Yeah, Thats kind of what I meant earlier too. 'cause I feel like a lot of stuff gets thrown on you all the time. Yeah Because it's easy. 'cause it's easy for people to believe because everyone grew up watching that show and all of these instances with my family. Yeah. Now I'm not saying I am wrong, I'm never wrong or I am the victim. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that it's easy to attach myself to things and for people to believe it off the bat.


Yeah. Would you do that type of show again? What show The reality show Bra. The bra. I'm doing the Braxtons again Now. Full show. Same. Same thing. Full show. Not all your sisters and Everything. I'm not a friend to the show anymore. I am on the show and you know, so far so good. I haven't seen this yet, but I know that there was like the conversation about you not going to your sister's wedding Wan's wedding. Are you guys gonna address that all in this like new upcoming You didn't Get invited to your sister's Wedding? I think that's for her to discuss. Know you Didn't invite you. I think that's for her to discuss


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how the level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Yes I do. I'm an only child so I don't know how y'all sisters and brother be playing music. I'm I'm only child but I know when I watch the sh 'cause I've been watching y'all show for a long time. Yeah And I think, I think a lot of us too, even outside the show, we feel like we've grown up on your family because you guys have just been famous forever. Yeah, it was for me watching it. I, I know y'all go through things but I like to see y'all like, especially when your mom gets involved and she makes y'all make up because I'm like, that's how it really be in family for real. Hell yeah. But I think for a lot of people when we heard the thing about the wedding, it was like, dang, a wedding is so like, like that's so serious. Like I know it had to hurt you if it did happen. And then I'm like, what happened to even make it get there? So I think that's why everybody still wants to know like, what the heck, like All I know is that I'm the maid of honor and that's, I'm gonna leave that at that And I'm gonna let her tell the rest of her story.


You were or you was Word means you were supposed to be and it didn't happen. I'm just saying that I got the invitation that you are the maid of honor. Okay. Bless the lord. Do you speak to all your, are you and your sisters cool? Like are y'all like a, I Gotta be a group chat, right? Yeah. There's a group chat. Yeah, there's a group chat And everybody speaks to that group chat. Everybody speaks to could there be A group chat with us sometimes when we be upset we don't be speaking to each other all the time. Y'all Lemme just, I gotta keep it gangster for a second. You know like your family is your family. Yeah. But I feel like after you, after you have like life experiences and you become a certain age, you start to choose your family. Yeah. You know what, Emini here and that's just what it is. I don't think that I made that rule up.


I think that that's something that I had to learn along the way and become comfortable with And I'm comfortable with It and it's life. You know what Emini here because like you said, it happens in families. Yeah. Everybody. And, and you got families that that's torn apart that don't even speak at all. That goes gears without speaking and people make their friends, their family. Yeah. You know, other you, like you said, you create your family. I think what I didn't like was after how many people like formed like that that notion of Tamar being a problem was after the Ayala sit down that like went for years of oh this must who she, this is who she must be. Yeah. Like at all times. And it, it kind of like put a bad, it just put a, a bad like stigma around you.


It did. You know what Emini here it did. Like you're always a problem. Nowhere you go. Like you always a problem even in your family. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And then nobody like cleared that up for you in the family. No, They didn't. They didn't. And I think that they were apprehensive to do so because what happened before what you didn't, what you all didn't see is that she outed my sexual abuse. Yeah. That was tough watch And that was a problem. That was really tough To watch. Yeah. That would've been a problem for anybody for sure. You know? And anybody would've had an attitude. Yeah. And anybody was, would be ready to fight and be on defense mode and that's what happened. And so I felt like they didn't wanna further that conversation because it would've been uncomfortable for me because here I am talking about it 10 years later.


You get what I'm saying? So Emini here, I have dealt Given that, have you dealt, have you dealt with that and everything with your therapist and Everything? Yeah, I deal with it. You know, I think that's a lifelong thing, you know, because you know, there's so many things that comes up after you're abused. You know what Emini here. Yeah. So yeah, that's something that I constantly deal with, but I think today, now I'm my, I'm my best self. How how does that affect you with, with raising your son? Right. Because it, it has to put you in a spot where it's like, I want to be on top of him 24 7 to make sure nothing like that happens to him. So how is that as a mother? Well You are. Yeah you are. He don't go on play days at other people house. They gotta come to my house. Right. That's what that gives. I'm the same way. And you the same way. Yeah. And you know, he's in therapy because I want him to be open and honest about his feelings and Yeah.


That you just gotta take it one day at a time. 'cause I can't impose what happened to me on him. Yeah. Now you have so many sisters and, and this is just a 'cause I have a big family And I'm just curious where does it get to the point where y'all don't with each other all the time. Right. And the reason I say that as parents and you have six kids, that's the one thing that you push, right? Yeah. You make yo you have your sisters back. I don't care what happens. And it's sad because as close as I seen y'all sometimes y'all with each other. Yeah. So what, what makes y'all drift apart? Is it, is it the communication? Is it mom's not doing it? Like what makes the family not with each other? At times I feel like It's life And I feel like we're a bunch of women and as women we have different opinions about things. You know what? Emini here and you take breaks like you do your homegirls. You know what, Emini here? Yeah.


Take breaks and then you come back. Just because I don't talk to you every single day, don't, don't mean I don't have your back. Right. You know, I have your back, but I just don't mess with you right now. Right. You know what I'm saying? Is that weird? No, That's not weird. I think I, we get it because we have siblings maybe he, yeah. I'm only child and also two we girls too. So it's like, you know, sometimes you just need to like love you to death. But not today. Not today and not next week. Yeah. Right. Because even though Y'all all grew up in the same house and all that, y'all still got sick. Y'all got a lot of different personalities. Yeah, it is different. Everybody's personality is different. I don't feel like none of the Braxton sisters are the same exact person. No, we're not. Yeah, we're not. You know, there is a Libra, which is a lot. There is, there is a Virgo.


Yeah. Which is too much. And yeah, there is a Sagittarius and there's a Pisces. My sister was a Aries. So yeah. We're all totally different. Yeah. But you know, you fi you figure out Yeah. A way to deal with each other because you love each other. Which I feel like in any relationships, even with, even with a man or woman, you figure out how to deal with each other and love each other throughout all the bs. Yeah. And you know, you just move on and, and live life. But you don't hold onto yesterday. Yeah. Now we were talking about dating this week and you said that you're, you are actively dating when it comes to dating. Does your man get a, a Cheating pass? Right. And this comes from young Miami. Yes. Young Miami said that she would give her man three Cheating passes. The fourth one she's out. She's out because she feels like every man cheats.


Would you give your man a Cheating pass? Or have you given your man a Cheating pass before? I Feel like that's A trick question. We all done been through it. Yeah. You feel like It's a trick question because if you say Yeah, one pass, then that man, like everybody's remember you said on The Breakfast Club, I got Water. Yep. A Cheating pass. Okay. I wouldn't say a pass. Okay. But if he cheated, I do feel like that they deserve a conversation. I don't feel like in life that that is, I don't, oh God, I'm gonna get myself in trouble. Lord. I don't feel like that's a total deal breaker. Yeah. Especially when you have life together, assets together, children together. It is a conversation because there is a breakdown somewhere.


You know what? Emini here, I don't know. I just feel like when you cheat, you not ready. Yeah. Have you ever been to Cheetah? Oh, I have. And why though? What was the worst thing I've ever done? But, But why? What got you to that point? Was it a drunk night or was it a, did you did Cheat at first or you cheated back? I Cheated first. Oh, I cheated first because I felt like I'm in trouble. You, you are not in trouble because you are single. You don't handle nobody that's gonna be like, I cheated First because a relationship was not resolved. And you know, I started talking back to that person And I was confused. You spun A block. I spun a block And I was just confused.


And that's just the real truth. Yeah. And it was a mistake. Did you Get caught or you told on yourself? No, I got caught. Oh Damn. Was you a bad cheater? No, I wasn't a bad cheater. I got caught. How you Yeah. Got caught. Got caught. How'd you get, was it cell phone caught? Was that Phone It was, it was in my phone. Yep. She Went phone. It was in my phone. It was bad. Was It a picture? It was bad. Jesus first it was bad. It was the worst mistake I've ever made. I would never, ever, ever, ever cheat on anybody ever again. Ever, ever, ever. Gotcha. Yeah, because how do you recover? I feel like men, it's hard for men to recover from that. Oh girl. Absolutely. Chest be hurt and tight.


And what I don't wanna do is break someone I love. You Know what Emini here and have them looking at you T realize how much you love that person after you've cheated. Yes. And you can't Take it back. And that's just the truth. Like that's really just the truth. Sometimes you really don't know what you got until it is about to be out the door. Suggest you got caught before too. Yeah. You see me over here, my hands together praying to God. Righted. Tell us about it. It's the worst. Yes. I cheated and it's the crazy thing. I left my, I I left a good relationship to be with my first, my first child, my child's dad. And he, I got with him and not even 24 hours later, this nigga cheated on me And I tried to go back to the guy like, is this, is it too late? Yeah. Why the fuck you even, you know?


So girl, it's too late. Yeah. I get it. Do you feel like I ask your questions 'cause okay, we have an open conversation. Of course. Yeah, for sure. Do you feel like a man can ever recover from their woman Cheating on them? No. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. You, you think so? Absolutely. It's gonna take time. But I think, I think they could Envy think so. Yeah. I think I think you could, if this, this is how I look at it. If a woman really wants to get back and really wants to change and evolve and make a man feel comfortable, it's the same thing when a man cheats. When a man cheats. What what makes a woman feel comfortable again is, is being, is allowing them to be comfortable. Right. I cheated, I talked about it in my book, but I had to be able to be open with my wife where I know that I'm not doing no dirt.


Like I'll be like, I'll leave my phone here, here's my phone. Yeah. She never takes it, but she knows if she wants to, she can. Here's access to my, my social media. Here's access to anything that you need to make you feel, feel comfortable to know that I will never do, you know, Hey, I'm going on the road, babe, you wanna come with me? I want her to feel comfortable where Yeah. She never has that, that doubt in her mind ever again. Yeah. Now I'm not gonna lie, it's not easy. It wasn't easy, it wasn't difficult. And sometimes, like I tell a story, I went to Vegas, I walk in the room in Vegas, right. And there was panties on the floor. My wife was on FaceTime And I, I went down And I complained like I got caught. I said, babe, look, I stopped. I went downstairs because I was so scared. She was like, yo, calm the fuck down. Like I believe, but I was scared she wasn't even in Vegas.


Right. But that's how I am because I wanna show her like, yo, I fucked up. And like you said, it was the worst decision in my life. Yes. Because you hurt somebody that you love. Yeah, For sure. You Killed the trust and you gotta try to get that back. And this is the person I've been with my wife since 15 and 16. Yeah, yeah. 31 years. So yes you can. So if she can do that, And I gotta put myself in that predicament. If she cheated on me, would I be able to take that back? It depends how hard it was for her. Now I do see a lot of men that cheat and be like, yeah, I cheated and what, it's over, forgive me. That's not, that's not the attitude, that's not your approach that make you go cheat back. That's Not The approach that makes you gotta prove something. But if you really Feel sorry and really try to change and not on no suckers, she look, oh, woo, no. If you really say no, I'm gonna change. And the the best change is change behavior.


You know? So I could So you would give them the opportunity if it was your wife, you would give her the opportunity. Well, y'all got a lot of stuff. Lot of stuff. You're the wrong person. But no, I, I would, I, it would be hard to see because I think for a man mentally Yeah, Man. Like the fact that I gotta see you sucking. Yes. See yeah, That would be hard. Crazy. But you know, see man, Even suck. She might have just climbed on top. See I don't wanna see that crazy. I don we saw a video. It's over with. Oh wait, in your situation saw video. Oh girl, I had that same, well it wasn't a video, it was a picture. Oh wow. And it was, oh my God, it was so bad. How do y'all do? Well you know what? No, I did it on purpose phone. I forgot it was in my phone.


I forgot. No, I left my purpose. And I'm like, you like it was already over with. You know what I'm saying? I ain't had nothing to hide. And I forgot. That's a big forget. That's a big forget. Yeah. I forgot it was in my phone. That's the whole episode. Oh, damn. Okay. So when he, I'm just curious. I'm just asking, so when he approached you, what was the conversation like? Hey, did he just throw it in your face and be like, look at this right here, here. Or was it like, what did you do January 3rd At 8:00 PM Oh my god, Lord. I just knew. Oh, I woke up and he was gone. Oh no. And I just knew, I saw that's even worse. And I called. He Didn't answer. He did.


And it was bad. And he was crying. He was broken. Yes, he was broken. Yeah. Yeah. And that hurt me to this day. That hurts me that I hurt that person. That bad. You Guys still speak? No. Damn. Do you check on his Instagram Every once in a while, but I see how he Is doing. No, We can't don't check on people on Instagram. You're not gonna tell us what exs was or you? No. Hell no. No. Probably was so long ago. But the thing is, yes, The video And the video probably hurt 'em so bad because you doing the things that you do with me with like, what worse And then damn worse is crazy. And then they took it out my phone, sent it to themselves and deleted it out my phone.


Yeah. So now you can't even go look at it. I can't Even go. It like, dang. So weird. I would be So scared. I Can't even view it for practice because I've been outta Practice. And yo, On your, your podcast that you have Yes. Life, love and beyond. Yes. These are the conversations that you're having. Stuff like this are the Conversations that we're having. Love it. And because you're, you're so vulnerable. You're so open. Yeah. It's, it's like having girl talk with you. It is. Do you ever get nervous though when you're having these conversations that like maybe that ex or like whoever you might have a conversation comes back up on social media and it's like, I wanna tell my side and now it's a whole thing. Thing. That's What people, I'm very skeptical Okay. About talking about people. Got Got you. You know what Emini here because it takes away from everything that you're doing for a moment and it's a complete distraction.


So I'm, I'm very respectful now. Right. That's one thing I did learn Envy. I'm very respectful now of what I say And I make sure that who, whomever I'm talking about that nobody knows who I'm talking about. Right. Yeah. What conversations are you having with your mom while you guys are cooking? Oh, we talk about stuff like that. We talk, you talk about that with your mom. Like Yeah. Really? Yeah. We talked about last night on, on the premiere. Like, get 'em girl. Like what's, what's the things that you, what's the things that you cook to get 'em Girl. And we talk about kids, we talk about life, we talk about, we talk about everything. Yeah. My mom is one of my favorite people. Y'all dynamic is dope. That's why I asked you that because she, she's not, she'll get into the things.


Yeah. She'll get into the things and she's so, I don't know. She's just amazing. And she just the best advice about everything. Listen, you are so right. I sat next to your mother on a flight before. Right. We in first class of course first class. But we sat Yeah. I sat right next to her. Right. And I was on the phone, I was handling something and the, we weren't even about to take off yet. They were about to just do that, that that protocol. Right. Man. And the the white flight attendant, she was like, you need to get off of your phone. I don't know, like talking to me crazy. And I, your mother knew I was about to go off yo and she just put her hand on my knee and she was like, Don't even do it.


That's her. Because that's what they want you to do. They want, she wants you to act up. She wa she already wasn't the best. She didn't greet people of, she didn't greet us. It was me, your mother and maybe one other person of color in first class didn't greet us. Didn't, you know. And when she did, it was very lackluster. You would you like something to drink before we go up pick or whatever. And she was like, that's what she want you to do. Do not do it. Your mother knew I was ready to go in and then you know who she said you, I remind her of absolutely Smith sneaking out the house going to Baltimore, every such and such. Yo, me and your mother got into it on and got into some things about you and you know, your sister's on the, on the flight.


But she definitely, if she wasn't there, I probably would've been on a new fly list the way that lady talked to me. Yeah. I'm sure Was crazy. Yeah. My mother has a way of like being honest but giving it to you in a comforting way. Yep. And she has a presence of Her team. Yeah, she does. You know, we did a interview yesterday and she let me have it and nobody knew she let me have it. But You Knew, I knew that she let me have it. 'cause she was, we was talking about dating and she was talking about why men are the way that they are now. And she was saying it was really the boy mom's faults because we think that they are our kings. Yep. And we don't have to make them do things and figure life out and stuff like that. She, and so she was like, well why, why wouldn't they expect for you to pay for a date?


Why wouldn't they expect for you to trick on them? Why wouldn't they? Like what do you mean damn that it's not their fault. I said, that's a perspective I haven't heard. Oh, my mother ate me alive yesterday. Oh she, 'cause she's seeing you're like that with your son. Yes. I'm like that with my kid, kid. I wouldn't, yeah. But people tell me, like if you, if I ever have a a boy, I'll understand it. But I feel like my mom's like that with my little brother. It's like he, there's no accountability ever has to be given. She there has why? That's her baby. And I amm like, what the heck? Like why is it like that? I don't get it. 'cause I don't have a son. But How old is your brother? My brother is 30. Mm Is he dating? Yeah. A couple people. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it is. Oh wait, I don't even, he might have a girlfriend, right?


I don't know. You just got Him in trouble. He, he's in trouble anyway all the time. He definitely not, yeah. Trouble Finds It level to death. But it happens. But yeah. What, What did mama and your son say about the tamal Braxton fashion over at My son was like, oh, that's what you putting on the Internet. Logan is different. Yeah, Logan is different. My mother didn't really say anything. My mother know I, I'm outside. I'm, I am outside. Outside. She ran for me heavy, but you know, I didn't see anything wrong with, it was fashion off. I got it on fashion office. So I took a picture. They paid me with they clothes. Period. Period. And That's it. How were your dms after that picture? Interesting. Interesting. They Were very interesting. What celebrity Celebrity be hitting you up all the time Recently.


What's The craziest celebrity? Oh, I'm gonna give names. But they, they send like, Athletes rappers, Explicit stuff. Like what? Oh god. Explicit stuff. Oh, Like body Parts? Yeah. Explicit stuff. You Can say penis picks. Oh Yeah. Okay. I talking about I want you to, it's so gross. I want you to sing on it. That's what they, that's what they tell you. Oh my God. I can only imagine what corny lines coming with it. With the DP ripped on s that note baby. So your dms been popping. Have you answered, had anybody Backing the dms? No. You would never Damn. No. The right person. Yeah, but no, no one that I'm interested in.


Could you see yourself dating another singer? Another artist? I've Never ever dated a celebrity. I know. That's why I said could you Ever see yourself doing it? I think it'll be interesting. I could, I think. Okay. Is it hard you think? Yeah, it is. Yeah. What makes it hard? I dated somebody in my line of work and it's just like, no, No. Really? Why? Yeah, because the house is competitive at that point. Competitive. Yes. Like, I think you funnier than me. Emini here. You ain't funnier than me. We gonna do a tour together, but I'm gonna get, the split gonna be 60, 40, 70 30. It's like, nah. Oh No. You ain't that much fun. Like, come on. Yeah. Come on now. Yeah. So it, it, it is, it can get competitive. Yeah. You know what? Emini here, And I, I know that there are relationships that work, that do work like that when both people are famous, but it don't always Work.


I think dating a regular person is worse. You think that? I do. Damn. Why? Why? 'cause they don't understand us. Yeah. The regular people you date become famous after. Yes. Yes I do. You been giving people careers. You know what? Leave Me alone. No, because I like, I didn't even knew this man. Now I'm so invested. Looks Like now. And now they have to Thank you for putting them on Emini Here because I'm such in a public eye. Yeah. You know, And I, they can't, I can't help it. It really wasn't done purposefully. Right. So that, that's what makes it hard. Yeah. To date a regular person afterwards, they feel like they leveling up on you. Has any of your exes ever leveled up on you?


No. Baby. That was a, that was a trick question. That was a trick question. That was a trick question. Excuse me. It take a long time for you to level up on Taytay. That's right. Period. Hello. Love you y'all. I love You. I'll definitely check out her cooking show. Cooking sessions with Tamar and Miss e Tamar is 48 years old and you, when you see pictures of her 48 birthday, you're like, Jesus Christ Logan, you better check moms. And he does. All right. He does. Oh guys am I And I new project block You. I had to block you that week. You blocked me. I did block you. What friend? You had to unblock me. Now I blocked you. Now why? You Blocked me for you. You was doing a lot. Oh, I was, It was soft Point. This was my birthday. It was soft porn. Did you see the pictures? No, I did not see The picture. I'm Gonna show you.


It was Soft point. It's not soft point. It's modeling. Why can't I be a model? The whole article. Don't the pictures in here. Oh, that's my Birthday picture. People pop out and shot the people Every now and then. And you got it. So I do. Right. Okay. All right. Well make sure you check out Tamar Braxton, her cooking show, cooking sessions with Tamar and Miss E, her new project. And of course she's on tour. April 17th if you have in Virginia. What part of Virginia? Norfolk. Oh seven. Five seven. Oh Norfolk. That's The stop. If you're in the 7, 5 7, definitely check it out. And we appreciate you Virginia. Us Thank you Fran. Thank you guys. Hey. And my new project comes out on April 11th so I can tell the people, 'cause the people be acting like I'm gonna put out.


I don't put out enough music and I'm appalled. We we're excited that you are. It feels like it's been a very long time. It has. It hasn't been a long time. No. Been last Time been long. It's about a year ago. Thank Some And I went number one. Thank you my friends. For playing. Period, period, period. You Gotta record out a play. I don't. I I, let's say I don't. Can you get one? No. You don't want do one? We Can't. Not yet. I Don't. Okay. I don't. And we're gonna wait till it's time. Alright. April 11th, then April 11th. I love y'all so much. Love you y'all family. It's Tamal Braxton. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with Future Health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs. Making it worse. Ome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get via and fix your gut. Now. Call Star, star Gut to get $50 off a full body intelligence. Test that star. Star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.