
The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go and just make life easier and seamless without interruption, to be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The Following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com back slash policy.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Wake that ass up In the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and also our nephew. I was gonna say our nephew out niece. Wow. Our niece. Our niece Nala with us today. Wow. Shut up. You always gotta fight Dominicans up. Why? Why? You always gotta fight with the Dominican. That's real niece. See, I'm sorry. I love you. Wow. And we got a special guest in the building. We got IDK. Welcome brother. Hey, What's up? What's up? How you feeling man? I'm feeling good man. It's good to be here. The first time I came here I met. I came a little too late and wasn't able to do the interview.


So everything happens for a reason. Well, happy to have you brother. That's right. Hearing your name for a long, long, long time. Yeah. How was the, the show with G Eazy? How's the tour going So far so good man G been real cool and And I and he actually brought me on my first run ever in my life. Like in like 2015 or something like that. So it's like full circle, You know. Lovely. Yeah. So for people that don't know who IDK is, where you from, this is the first time some people are, are hearing you give 'em a breakdown of where you are from, what your name stands for and all that. Oh Yeah. So it's IDK from the DMV, PG County Maryland specifically. You just said you was from Queens the other day. Now I And Tampa. And Tampa and Germany.


First of all, you Wal, Y'all not gonna do this. I'm a army brat. My family from Florida got, I grew up in Maryland. I went to me high school. I'm from Southern Maryland, so don't do that. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then I went to, I moved, I moved to New York for college. Okay. I've been here 11 years. That kind of sound like me. Like I was born in London, but I came to America when I was like two years old. So I grew up in A DMV, PG county. IDK stands for Ignorantly Delivering Knowledge. I've Always liked that acronym. Absolute. Yeah, because I totally understand what you mean when you say that. Yeah. Because I always say you gotta be the perfect balance of ratchetness and righteousness. Yeah. So, so ignorantly delivering knowledge is like saying I gotta put the medicine in the candy. Right, right. Kinda like that. Yeah, it was, I was actually in prison when I came up with that acronym and so I was in, in the state prison when I was younger.


And I came up with the acronym ignorantly delivering knowledge because I wanted people to be like, what does IDK stand for? Like I does that mean I? Don't know And I always feel like if I prompt somebody to ask a question, And I answer it, you're more likely to remember it than me just telling you. You feel me? How did you get into rap? I'm sorry. I was gonna say you went to, you mentioned prison. Yeah. And coming up with a name there, you went to prison the same year that you went to college? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. One of the times I went, but one because It was four, Right? Was four. Yeah. Yeah. High. So let's talk about the high school first time. And then I wanna know how the whole I'm, I'm going to college, but then I end up in prison. Like, what's that story? How does that track Man? First of all, I, I come from like a West African background, so my mom is from Sierra Leone.


My dad's from Ghana. I'm literally the first person in my family to get locked up. But that's Not a good thing. Yeah. I mean first generation prison, but also first Person prison is not a good thing. Fair. But You know I turned it around, so Yeah. At the same time, You know. That's true. But yeah, that, that kind of was like something like You know, when I was 17 I got jammed up, had some charges, You know stuff to do with You know You know robberies and guns, things like that. And then pretty much I went to prison of jail. But the thing was I was on, I got sentenced to 15 years suspended to three and they allowed me to do it on home detention. But getting in trouble and violations and technical things Put you back.


Made me, yeah. That's how I got back. When did you start rapping? What, what made you say You? know what I, I wanna leave the streets alone and, and focus on this rap career. I mean, the first time I got locked up I realized it wasn't for me. Like right away. Like I was like, nah, I can't do this. So You know. But You went back three more times? Yeah, but it was like violation, technical stuff. Gotcha. It was like, I'm not judging you. No, no, no. Several Times myself not judging you don't think I'm judging you. Okay. It was technical though. It wasn't like I kept doing things. It was just violations and stuff like that. But basically the last time I was in, before I went in, I was listening to like Kendrick Lamar and like j Cole and You know where I'm from.


People don't really listen to that. But I had a friend that went to like FMU and he, he would come back with like more, I would say eclectic rap. And I was like, oh man, people rap like this. That's, that's interesting. So I remember being in, in prison, I was a tutor, so I helped people get their GEDs. And I also was a barber And I. Just remember I would just write music and everybody would listen like see me like bobbing my head writing and they'd be like, yo, spit rap. Like, like I ain't know you rap. Like, and so one day I just did it. And I was like, man, if I could make people that's pissed off in prison, like music maybe, maybe it'll work for me when I get out. I try that. What, What, what lifestyle changes did you make though?


Because You know, my dad used to always tell me, if you don't change your lifestyle, you gonna end up in jail. Dead or broke sitting on the tree. What lifestyle changes did You make? I just started feeling like I needed to actually get a job. So when I first got out, I didn't care what it was. Actually, my first job was McDonald's. I was proud to go to McDonald's and work, bring it up to be honest. Like, 'cause I was like, man, I got a job. I got like You know some type of purpose. Like let me try to just turn this around. So that was like probably the first big one. And then trying to go to school. Like I was going to PG Community college. So getting back in school was another thing. Yeah. What, for the first time that you went to jail, what would you attribute, like the why to, would you say it was like the internet?


Would you say it was just your environment? Would You say it was the want for love? Like my, my parents loved me, but I didn't know how to comprehend the way they gave me love. Right. So I, I never got great, great grades. I grew up middle class, but I was surrounded by the hood. And, I went to school in the hood. So I identify more with the people that also didn't get good grades and that that comes with a lot of stuff. 'cause they coming from different backgrounds and they doing different things. So I felt like whenever I would do something bad, they would show me respect and that was the love that I wanted. I'm glad You got that explanation quick because saying you wanna go to jail for love is crazy. No, I know, right? It's crazy.


I'm glad, I'm glad that like, you understand though, like there's nuance to that though. You know what I mean? So I was gonna ask You know when you started rapping, what did your family say at first? Right? Were they behind you the whole way? They was like, oh, here you go. No, African parents absolutely You Know what though? It wasn't as bad as you would think 'cause you was in jail. So they were like, shit. It was, how much worse could This be? Like It couldn't get no worse than what I already did. So my mom was just happy I was doing something positive. Got you. You know. But she, she passed away. I she never condolences. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. She never got to listen. Well, she got to listen to my music. She heard it once and she was like, but she would brag about it. But she would never listen to like, to like my mom till she passed and never heard me curse.


Like I never said a curse word around her, but in my music she, she What did the sound sound like at the time? 'cause you really dibble and dabble in all different genres. Yeah, all different sounds. So what did she hear? A lot of cursing. A lot of bad words. Like a lot of rap. Like I was just You know. Just eclectic rap, eh. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Depends on how you, 'cause like, again, the whole ignorantly deliver knowledge thing, depending on how you first hear me, you'll think I'm one thing and it might not be that. Yeah. You know. So, And you're growing in real time, right? Because it's like, it is your fifth studio album. Yeah, this would be my fifth one. Yeah. What's The, what's the evolution of IDK been from that first project to now?


It's like just this, this idea of like finding like what I actually want to express sonically. So I feel like I've always been dibbling, dabbling, dibbling and dabbling in different types of music. But this now is more like I'm creating a sound, like a feeling You know. It's like taking like a certain melodic like element and then trying to put like different drums around it. Maybe to switch the genre up. But the feeling is constant, consistent. That's probably the biggest thing that I've, I've grown into now Is on Izzy. Is he real album? Yeah. I'm looking at some of the features on it that people don't know.


You had DMX on that album? Yeah, Well that was actually, it's so funny 'cause I'm, I have something with him that we're getting ready to put together. But on that album specifically, it was something that I sampled a prayer he did. Right. But I had to chase him down like at South by Southwest and pull up on him to get it clear. Like, yo, yo, I'm Iy K, like da da da. So I had to find him. How Was that conversation? How was Huh? Did he know who he was? He ain't know who I was at that time. Okay. Oh, You on the prayer album that they got dropping? No, I'm not on that album. Okay, okay. Okay. I did a feature for him after though, so he got to know who I was after that. I did a feature for him prior to him passing. Did you have a relationship at all?


Like small, like, just kind of through like You know people that we knew and things like that. But yeah. What was the conversation like when you ran up on him and was like, Hey, I'm trying to get this cleared. He was like, it's done. Literally just Like that. Like, and you go to these bullshit and you was like, all right, who I gotta go to? It's done. Yeah. Basically. Pretty much. And he got it done. So one of the Coolest, what does, what does in, I know that I knew album was called BRAVADO and INTiMO. What does INTiMO Mean? It's like the, the Italian word for INTiMO. Okay. Okay. So BRAVADO is like, kind of like braggadocious You know, talking about stuff. But the INTiMO part is where it comes from. Like, like a lot of like why I care. Like I like You know wearing certain things, And I, like You know style, things like that.


And it comes from the like being made fun of when I was like in the sixth grade, but not having certain things, And I. Just remember being like a kid going to school depressed. 'cause I know they gonna make fun of me. So I remember ninth grade, that's before I started getting into trouble and You know and, and getting money. I, I literally said to myself, I will never be made fun of for dressing bad ever again for the rest of my life. And that's, that's explains the BRAVADO side. 'cause the BRAVADO side is you just see it, you just see the floss and all that. But the INTiMO side is where it comes from. So, And then you get money and realize you don't even care about clothes like that. Right.


That also starts to happen too. You know what I mean? Like, it's like, you like stuff, but like people put me in a fashion world because I do a lot of stuff in that world, but it's not by choice. Like I just know people, they like what I do and You know and then they just ask me to do things. But I don't try to do that. If you get Fly, you could just Do it. Yeah, exactly. Now another feature you had Kanye West on the song, Selena Na Trappy. Well, Nah, We in the House. Well that was another sample situation where pretty much we got That was a crazy one. 'cause it was a Jay-Z song initially. So it was, everybody had to kind of, what Was that process like? 'cause Kanye is kind of hard to, it wasn't as fast as the DMX was Approval, was it?


Well, maybe, yeah, it took a little while actually. But I'll be real, like, ye has reached out to me and I've, I've hung out with him multiple times. Like, so You know it's not that, that one is a little different that I remember when I dropped. Is he Real? I was with 88 Keys and, and, and, and, and 88 comes up to me and passes me the phone from my unknown number. And I answer. And it's like, yo, it is yay. And I'm like, oh Snap. And he was just like, I, I've been hearing about your album. It wasn't out at the time. He's like, man, at some point today I'd love to connect with you. And next thing You know, I was in Calabasas just hanging out at the crib.


You know. So yeah. Yay, yay Had has Shown Love. And, and I've actually like linked up with him a couple times On a new project. What, what would you say is your favorite record? Miles Trumpet. Mm. I like that one a lot. 'cause I'm singing You know and I'm like, kind of like I, that was a beat where I listen to it. I'm like, I hear Griselda on this beat. So instead of doing what they would do, I, I'm just sing. It seems like a fan favorite too. Yeah, I really like check. I feel like, oh yeah, check too. Check is it is Braggadocious It it is Swaggy. Yeah. But on it, well first of all actually the music video, who came up with the concept for that? Like why is it just a girl shaking her ass the whole time?


I'm really trying to like, what are you giving? Well the great part about that one is like ignorantly delivering knowledge. It is just the juxtaposition. Okay. Like when I hear that beat and that song, I'm really rapping. So you don't really see that happening. But there has the, I think the rhythm is what I wanted to articulate by having her do that You know. 'cause you listen to it, you don't think you could do that to that song. I was, but then when you see her do it, you realize you can. Yeah. You know. So that's, that was what that was about. Were you a Fan of Miles Davis or your parents were or? Well, yeah, I mean like I have You know records from him, but I, I'll say this, I'm, I'm, I've heard a few different things and everything that I've heard from him has made me feel a certain way.


But I do need to dig more into what he's got going on. 'cause I did see some stuff from like the documentary and stuff, how he would switch his bands around and all these things that You know. I thought that was inspiring. But yeah. I wanna talk about the No Label Academy. Yeah. That you did at, at Harvard. Yeah. So Charlemagne, I love this too because you did two lectures on mental health. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Why, why did you feel like that was so important to do? Well, so the class is a 10, 10 day experience that people from all around The World students apply. And then we, we pick about 20 to 25 of them. And I teach the class. And it goes from branding, which I call story and vision to financial literacy, to team building and mental health is the last day.


And we taught that at the, the medical school at Harvard. I think mental health is really important because I, I always say this like as human beings we've evolved socially a lot of, so many different times since like You know, we, they say we about 300,000, 75 to 300,000 years old. Like where we are biologically, we've evolved I think way too much socially to keep up with where we are biologically. So when you fame is something we created, that's not something we were built for or made for. So like a lot of times people deal with fame in a way that could be detrimental.


And, I think that people don't teach the aspect and the importance of mental health when they're actually pushing them to be famous. You know. So for this, for me, this class was supposed to prepare you from a business perspective for what you or the artist you're working with could be dealing with. Once they get in the game. And, I think a lot of the times labels will see like, oh this person is hot, they come from this neighborhood and all that. Yeah, that's cool and all that. But like, and then they not ready for a a corporate, the corporate like they not understanding what that is. So now you're at expecting somebody whose manager might be like just a homie to know how to move within a corporate setting and be successful and then sustain that, sustain that su success.


I think that creates a lot of problems for a lot of different people. You know how, How has your mental been You know? 'cause you talked about kids making fun of you back in the day. Yeah. And now being on social media is is times Yeah. A thousand is as far as the, the amount of comments, sometimes people just say negative stuff just to try to get a reaction. Yeah. So how you deal with social media now? I mean, look, I lost my mom. She died from You know HIV complications from that. And I didn't know that until after she passed when I found out. So I never had that closure of being able to talk to her about it. Right. So when you look at that kind of stuff and then you look at like, what I've been through with prison and all this stuff, man, like I'm kind of primed for it.


It's like it doesn't really get much worse. You've Been through real shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So for me it's like second nature almost dealing with some of the stu that's nothing to me when they like covid. I'm like, I was just, I I was actually on 23 lock, 23 hour lockdown at one point. Like this is nothing to me with a book You. know what I mean? So for me, like I love a good quarantine. Yeah. Right. I got a phone. Yeah. So to me it don't really get much worse. So, so You know, I just try to like figure out how to express that to people who haven't gone through those things.


That's what my class is mainly for when it comes to that aspect. Right. I like what you said too 'cause I, I, I never thought about it but it's true. Fame is a social construct and nowadays


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers and my stockings. Looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon. Now


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com back slash policy.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year or the right kind of bad, get them barian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com cocktail. That's BAR SCOM slash cocktail.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up. Anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


Everybody thinks they're famous. Not Only that everybody kind of is because you gotta think about it. If you have social media when you post something, even if it's just the local before you, they had to see you do it right now, you could just be like, yeah I was, I went and ate this ice cream at so and so. And then people comment like, ah, why'd you get that flavor? Like that's what everybody has some form of fame. If you have social media and then you think about high school, it's like the popular kid in high school would be popular when they walk in school or maybe certain things happen after school. But now it's like, oh yeah, he got 1500 followers and the school is like 3000 people. So that half the school You know what I mean? Like Yeah. It's just like so everyone's dealing with some form of fame right now.


And I think that that's an issue. You know And. I feel sorry for these kids. 'cause it makes them overthink everything. Like Absolutely. The example you gave is like, you shouldn't be having to question, nobody should be questioning you about what flavor of ice cream you want. That's what you want. You want You know what I'm saying? You don't want get For your being the colada, But every single thing you do is question. So therefore you're questioning every single thing you do in your mind. Every little mundane thing you do, you're overthinking it. That's what I mean. Like biologically we haven't evolved, but socially we're constantly evolving and we dealing with AI and all these things starting to happen. It's just, it's only gonna get faster and faster. No, in that Class. Okay. In that class at Harvard, that's the class that Virgil came to. Yes. Virgil, before he passed, he Yes.


He was supposed to speak for 30 minutes. He spoke for an hour. 30 minutes. Wow. And I know. Yeah. Shout out to V. So you saw the, this happened like a few months ago. Almost was, yeah, a few months ago when they Blue Star Alliance acquire Offwhite Lmh. You saw that? I saw that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And you saw people, I know you said you don't like being put in the fashion lane, but I just would love to get your opinion on that because people were upset about that because they felt like it was gonna devalue the brand and what Ette worked for. How do you feel about That? Well, You know whenever you, whenever art meets, commerce is always gonna get watered down. I, if I sign to a record label, there's songs that are better singles than the song that I might believe because of the range of entry points people could have to that song.


You make that decision once you decide to do art because bro, we could do whatever art we want and be homeless. If we okay with that. That's cool too. I say that to say with that particular situation, one I don't know the details to it. I don't know too much of it, but the idea that something could be watered down it, it depends on the details of the deal and what they got going on and who controls what. I think that that came from Virgil's brain at the end of the day. And Virgil is not here, so there's always gonna be some type of difference. Right. But yeah, when art meets commerce, that's, that's what happens. You know it's a battle. I always look at everything as, don't look at it as a on and off switch.


Look at it as a percentage. Knowing him personally. Do you think that Virgil will be happy with like just where Offwhite is right now and today? Because that's also been a conversation too. They've had like different leadership in and out and stuff like That. You know there's people that are friends of mines who could answer that question far better than I could. 'cause I don't have enough of, I didn't have that relationship with him where I would know. Gotcha. What happiness is actually to him when it comes to that brand. How Did y'all meet That? He followed me. I did the cover of GQs British gq and it was a Louis Vuitton exclusive. And so I, I debuted the NBA collab that they had. Remember? Yeah. And, and from there he followed me and then I got a, a Maybach and and he bought his Virgil This off White Mayback?


No, no. I got one and oh, just a regular One. And Then he was like Welcome to the club and then that we started talking from there. Listen, I gotta slide out, but it was a pleasure meeting you. Of course, of course. Listen, your Headline's immaculate. Appreciate it. Yeah, You could say that. Not gonna return. You not gonna back Not dare you coming here. Two You know. Lie to that man. Now how has the industry changed since you first came out and did your first mixtape? How, how have you seen how things changed? 'cause You know, usually when artists first do the mixtape, it's their core. They only care about their core. But now it's something different. Now you're looking for a radio record, now you're looking for something that's gonna go on the charts. Now you're looking for those things. So how has things changed for you? I mean, look that when I first started, like streaming wasn't really a thing like that.


Like it was still kind of iTunes and people reviewing the song or album or whatever. Things have changed a lot because people in the algorithm dictates a lot of what, what a lot of the decisions you could potentially make, right? So now we in a place where we could like think a song sounds like a single, but that doesn't matter anymore. Like You know. I can't rely on like DJs to break the record the same way as before. It's kind of like this is the record based off of the algorithm and streaming and the fans. So now we push it You know, I think in a lot of ways it's good and a lot of ways it's not good. That makes it difficult. But You know the DJ now, he follows the algorithm.


He follows what people are listening to. Right? What, what was streaming instead of just You know what somebody's feeling, which, which makes it difficult. Right. And being from the DMV area, how difficult is, is it for that? Especially being a rapper, you don't really see too many from the DMV rap that's, that are huge. But there's a lot of talent in the DMV era. Yeah, it's funny, I think I was just talking to Jahi and, and and no idea about this. Like they were like, yo You know what's crazy with your situation. One, you don't have, if you look at rap, there's a lot of people who have some kind of co-sign by somebody that they're aligned with, especially when you make the type of rap that I make. And then another thing is, if not that at least they have like a really big city that they're coming from that's huge in, in music.


And right now we're growing obviously in the DMV, but it isn't like New York or, or Atlanta or, or la Right? So it's like they basic basically it's like yo, you kind of have to make your own way in a way that a lot of people don't. Not saying that people don't make their own way. I'm saying like in a way that most people don't. And I thought about that. And I was like, wow. Actually there is a, you have a point. The good thing I'll say about where I'm from though is when it comes to originality, there is a lot to pull from. There's a huge culture. I come from Go-Go. That's where I started doing music. Go-Go bands and stuff like that. So you got a lot to pull from.


And when it does work and when it does break, it's going to be beautiful. However, You know, I You know you gotta roll up your sleeves. You know you gotta remain poised. Yeah. I feel like the DMV area doesn't get heard. Like it should You know. Yeah, for sure. And, I, And I. Honestly, if I didn't go to Hampton, I would've never understood the DMV area. Yeah. You know. You see artists like Wale that took a long time to breakthrough or, or even push it. That took a long time to breakthrough. It's like it comes So last with the respect And I think because it's it's, it's such a small area, but a big area. Yeah man, it's a melting pot of a lot of beautiful things. You know, And, I think that like there is a certain level of, I say like segregation within the type of thing that you may do versus a type of thing this person might do.


But I think when we find, when we figure out how to kind of bring it all together, that is gonna also, I always, I have this theory, we, when the commanders start winning, we'll start to see our industry get y'all winning better. That's so I think, I think it's You know around the, the corner. Like, but that's the Thing though because that's, that's like la like la everything is so celebrity there, the team. So then the music is celebrity and the Lifestyle celebrity, the only, the only reason why I don't think that's gonna be a thing is just because the DMV just doesn't have the structure for it. Like we don't have home base for media. I had to go to New York to do media. We don't have a home base for artists. Like we have recording studios, but industries you wanna make it La Atlanta, New York, like to actually be a part of a industry algorithm.


So I agree with you from that perspective, but the one thing I will say is that's the industry part of it. But artistically sound wise, right? That's the first thing that has to happen regardless, right? And I think that there are people that are willing to travel to kind of get those other things done. I think that like, like just even recently, like they got like El Custo with the song and then Earl Sweatshirt was on it and then it started blowing up. And I. Remember I saw the, the Earl part of it. And I was like, this sound like he's like rapping, like he from the city. Like that's what he sound like. I didn't know that the dude whose song he was on was from. You get what I'm saying?


So I think like that opens people's eyes to the sound. And I think that or ears And. I. I think it's a good thing. Yeah. Like I think the lack of the industry is a good thing because it keeps us having a regional sound or a regional flavor. And a lot, a lot of cities lack that because they have those outlets. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And also look man rap is they saying it right now. Rap is very regional, like base. Like they've got people in France that's the superstars now and they, they ain't looking to what's happening in New York to see who the superstar is now You know. So I think building on that is probably one of the most important things. Now coming up in the DMV area, were, were those artists having open arms for you?


Like, like a wale or, or push? I know you got ready to Push for Yeah. Yeah. Wale, I got like two of Wale Wale brought me out like the first year I started popping. He brought me out to do his Wale friends show. I remember that. He's one of the first to embrace me. That's dope push. I had to push, push I felt like followed me on a gram and we just kind of was chop chopping it up. And I asked him for a record and he is like, I got you. And he sent it through. I, I got definitely got embraced. I think that the thing is that like, again, it's kind of segregated in the sounds. So certain people only listen to this sound and then certain people are more open to other sounds. I think as we start to progress that that'll change hopefully.


But that's, that's what I'd say. Yeah, absolutely. You sit on this project once you turn 40, you retire and you, you disappearing. Like is that really the end goal? I don't know if I'll disappear, but I think that while I retire, people think, I mean like stop rapping And I. Don't know if I mean that. I mean right now I, I'm constantly competing with myself to do better every time. Like to the point where like, You know family may get neglected. I don't You know. I talk to my family on like, like, like the holidays and stuff. I don't, like my grandma wants to hear from me more and things like that. Oh my God. Yeah. Not every day. Nah, not every day and nah. Like I'm not even in the mental space with how I view success.


To be able to tap into that every day. Every day is what can I do to make sure that when I'm 40, my family, I don't have kids or anything yet. And, and I'm not in a relationship. But one day you Not dating Billy? No. Yo, everybody thinks y'all are dating. What? Nobody Thinks I'm dating Billy. Okay. No People, I did see something one time about that, but I don't, that was like a while back. Okay. Nah, nah. Y'all is cool. Yeah, she a homie. She's amazing. Amazing artist. But yeah, like when I get oh, what was saying she See it too. You already talked about this so you knew. People thought that I said that. Oh, I said people said it.


Oh yeah, for sure. But But they, but I guess it's because they were trying to piece together like photos, And I. Guess the way y'all take photos, which Was crazy. I'm like, that's not my house. You know when was a guy and A girl. It's like That ain't my house. I don't know what they was talking about. Dang. Yeah, I think she posted stuff. You know of me and things like that. And, I'm, I'm people just be Wanting relationships to, That's interesting too. Like, but no, like I'm, I'm just trying to make sure that when I am 40 And I decide to, it's like everything is structured and laid out for me in a way where I can actually do that comfortably. So till then You know Hustling. I mean Billy ish is single though. I'm about say now I'm going down this rabbit. Is she, I will Say time waits for no man when it comes to like, yes your career but also your family too family.


So definitely call your Grandma. No, for sure. No, I know it. I'm not saying I just sent the picture in the WhatsApp like right before we got, I'm Not saying so you would contact, it's just you also working a lot too. Yeah. Yeah. So like not talking to your grandma. I'm like dang, I didn't say I don't talk to my grandmother. I probably talked to her like a week ago, two weeks ago or something like that. Like I talk to her every so often. I have a big family too. So when I talk to my grandma now, everybody I gotta high at so and so for. Yeah, it'd be like a three hour thing You know what I mean? Like Yeah. So I understand. Yeah. But We appreciate you for joining us today. The new album BRAVADO is out right now. Yeah. Thank you so much. And I know last time I know you came late but we, we glad you came now man.


Appreciate it So much. Great talking to you brother. We came early this time. Yeah, I see you. That was over time that was happening around. Yeah, For sure. How do you gotta me down this rabbit hole of the photos and all that? Oh, She's Setting you up with Bill Olive right now. Is this like A press outlet? What is, what's going on? Like, oh what am I reading? Yeah, hiphop dx. But it's, if you just Google you and hers, it's a few outlets but Really? Yeah. See you thought I made that. He's like that. Nobody know. Said I'm not really offensively because of the age thing. 'cause you had said like, yo, she was like 17. I was, you was, it was like you were 20. Right? Of course that had a lot to do with it You know what I'm saying? I mean, yo I mean 'cause the way you responded was like what her, but I mean the thing of course, but then it's like y'all just really homies in real life.


Like is it really not that? Yeah. Like she You know. She she, she pressed me out about something the other day. We was being funny about that. What'd you do? I didn't do nothing. Why she pressed you? She thought something happened but it was like, like a song leaked or something like that. And she was like, who, who did that? But it was a funny press. It wasn't a real press. It ain't like the not full court. Half court You know. So you gonna retire at 40 Right. And this has nothing to do with Bill Oish. Okay. But you gonna retire at 40. At 40, then you're gonna start reconnecting more with your family. For sure. Then you're gonna have a, you wanna, you wanna have a family as well? Yeah. I would love to You Know. How old are you now? 32. 32. 32. So are you like taking, are you dating somebody? Are you in a relationship? You I'm not in a relationship with dating. Ain't nobody right, right now. So what age is That coming?


That's not an age. It's a feeling thing. You find somebody. It could happen right now. I'm Just saying because you got age for your retirement. You got age for when you plan on like doing more than just dropping the photos in the WhatsApp 10 Nana. Okay. So I'm just trying to see if there's like a timeline here that we Can try. Definitely not a timeline on something like love and, and and connecting with the right person. It could happen right now. IDK Ask her the same question now. Okay. Yeah, same question right back at you. Which what? I asked you a couple questions. What's the age? Oh, what's my age? I'm, I'm actively You know trying to figure it out right now. Okay, So you don't have nobody like just like you asked him, what age are you looking to find somebody? Settle Down. I ain't got no Billie Eilish on my line. Whoa. Nah. See now he's More headline. Yeah, I mean I ain't got no name where it's nothing worth bringing up. I'm asking you because You know that's a name.


You Know. Oh man. You could get me in trouble man. Man. Well I do. Before we wrap, I kind of wanna talk about Supernova with the artist. Okay. Okay. The artist is so fire. I'm glad that you guys collab 'cause you guys both are like very Yeah, talented. Talk to me about just shooting Supernova. What's so, so funny with her? A friend of mine was like, I was like, I want a girl on this song. I just feel like he was like, yo, you should check this person out. And I checked her out and then she was fired. So I hit Her up. She's still budding. Yeah, she's new. Yeah. And I was like, yo hit her up. And she's like excited. She sent me the verse like probably in three days and then I was just like, wow. She like really killed this. So for me that was like a risky song.


'cause I don't really go all the way I don't know if that's r and b. I guess it is R and b. Yeah. And I was gonna say like, do you see yourself leaning more into that now? I Like, I like stuff like that man. I like stuff I could play with like a, a a woman that I'm with or something like that. And it's not, it doesn't have to be negative. 'cause I think like I would always do this thing where I would start saying nice things and then be like, but And I was like, nah, I'm not doing it. No you, I'm going all the way. Like I'm going all away. Like, so that was what that was about. Nice. I think you should lean into that. Okay. Yeah. I'll take your advice. Well thank you brother for joining us this morning. For sure. Thank you. It's ID k Yes sir. The Breakfast Club. Sure. No more out now. Wake That ass up In the morning.


The Breakfast Club.


Amazon's black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion like slipper to missile their toes. Woo. Shop break deals on Amazon.


See Gladiator two only in theaters November 22nd. This film delivers action, an emotional and compelling story and performances and spectacle on a scale unlike anything else. Gladiator Two stands out with its immersive visuals and a gripping character-driven narrative. The film stars an extraordinary cast including Paul Mezcal, Pedro Pascal, Denzel Washington, and Connie Nielsen reprising her role as Illa. Get ready for an epic experience made for the big screen Gladiator two only in theaters on November 22nd.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and OLED TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they'll look groovy baby and colors. In contrast, popping day or night with GLA free OLEDs and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to new era of Samsung I tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format


It and business consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I Like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I wanna be doing with My life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is possible, Find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women.