
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people. Liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in it today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. One of the best to ever do it. Celebrating the 20th anniversary of Thug Motivation 1 0 1. Ladies and gentlemen. Jeezy, welcome. What up Though? What up though? What's happening? Good morning. Good morning. How you feeling, brother? Man, great baby. Better than most. You know what? Emini here. Great. I, Okay. I was say I was talking to somebody yesterday, this is the other day. And he was like, yeah, I'm on my way to Jeezy house. I'm like, for what? He was like, I'm opening up for Jeezy. I said, what you mean opening it up? It's like Jeezy DJ as a hobby. He do it half fun. I said, shut up. He was like, yes.


He started DJing. Yeah. You know, I used to DJ back in the day when I was, you know, young in the hood, you know what I'm saying? Like, I hustled up on the DJ set and I was just go in the hood, just DJ on people's porches and that was kind of my thing. But that's how I got into music. Mm. You know what I'm saying? So for me it's just like, it's like a pastime. But you know, like the great Andre 3000 said, if, if you can't find the vibe, you gotta create it. So I just invite dope people over to my crib, you know what I'm saying? Curate it. You know, we might do some, some red wine and Popeye's chicken And I might throw a set and we just get a cracking man. That's what's up. That was like he was DJing for real. Yeah. Survive a vibe. That's interesting though. So that's how you've been feeling, like you haven't been finding a vibe lately, so you've been trying to create one.


Well, You know, I, I like to travel a lot, you know what I'm saying? And I like to live, but also I like to, you know, like turn people on to what I've learned when I've been around The World. So it's just like different types of music, different types of cure races. So it's just dope to have people come over to your house that you trust and just vibe. You know, people get tired of going out cameras everywhere. You know, it's some very distinguished black people in Atlanta. They like to really live. So I just like come over to my crib, man. We just hang out. You know what I'm saying? It is dope though. What Type of vibes though? Is it like, is it all rap, Is it Nah, nah, nah, nah. No. That's What I thought I said. Was he playing all His music was like, no. Nah. It was like you play Everything. Yeah. House music, old school. Yeah. It is vibe. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. I got, so I got a little, so I I got a little something. You should come nigga say I'm tonight. If all y'all invited, You know what I'm saying? She gonna tell about everybody in the house, whoever in the house. I tell you. I promise you. She gonna come to the radio and tell everybody, listen, 20 year anniversary of one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time. Yes, yes, yes. What does it feel Like mentally to have to revisit that era? To be honest with you, it feels like that album was supposed to happen and even 20 years later, just the the obstacles that I had to go through to, you know, get this tour going and everything.


It just feels like deja vu. But the but the consequences are not diah. They just real life things and you gotta show your adversity and, and it feels like, I was just talking to somebody about this other day, it's just like now Soul Survivor really resonates with me. It makes sense. Ooh. You know what I'm saying? Because I'm a Soul Survivor now. I'm listening to the words. I'm like, oh, this is me. This is who I am. You know, when I wrote it, it was a record. Now this is my life and it just like to be 20 because you gotta think, like you think about Pac and big, you know, what would they, what would they have done 20 years in the game? You know what I'm saying? You celebrating all eyes on me. Yeah. Life after death 20 years later. You know, I, I don't know, PAC might have been DJing his basement.


I don't know. Yeah, right, right, right, right. What I'm saying, but I'm living life and, and, and I'm going through, you know, one of those stages where, you know, you get to watch the game. Now I watch the streets, you know what I'm saying? I'm in this world, but I'm not of it, you know what I'm saying? So I get to watch it, but at the same time, I already put my work in so I get to sit back. But I'm dealing with real stuff now. Running companies and doing deals and, and and, and you know, empowering other people. So it's now I gotta really practice my skills of leadership, but with my catalog behind me. 'cause I can stand on that because it's solid. You know what I'm saying? So I'm not, you know, I'm Frankie Beverly and Maze out here. I could keep going if I wanted to, but I don't got to.


Do you Have survivors remorse at all? 'cause I used to, you Have so many people that you ran into APOs And people That you Yeah, I, I used to, but everybody know me. They know I'm solid, you know what I'm saying? But at the same time, my life is about peace, joy, and freedom. And I ain't even, I'm I'm saying that to say a lot of people don't survive the war, baby. You know what I'm saying? It's like I'm, I, I ain't got no reason to go back. Ain't nothing to prove. You know what I'm saying? I'm just trying to live my life, make sure my people straight, you know, put as many people as I could put on and keep, you know, just, you know, just inspiring and involving my culture, which is why I'm even doing this symphony tour. Which is crazy because I think I'm the first one to ever take a symphony around The World to do a tour.


You know what Emini here to, to celebrate, you know, my first debut album, which is about three, four times platinum. Now I ain't checked last time, but, Oh, I can't wait. That's Motivation 1 0 1. Come on Now. And, and it's crazy because it's like, you know, the only time I remember putting on a suit is for a funeral or a wedding. Or wedding. Yeah. It's a celebration. And it is not just about, it's not just about, you know, the music. It's about everybody who came along on this journey with me that'll celebrate. Think about where you was 20 years ago, you know what I'm saying? Where you were 20 years ago and where y'all at now. This is a celebration of that because that music reminds you of that time you was out there grind. But look what you grinded too.


So this is a reason for everybody to put on a suit in a, in a nice black dress and come out and celebrate. And I do want to say this, this is not no sit, this is not the opera, you know what I'm saying? You're not going to sit down and cross your legs. This is a party. You know what I'm saying? At the same time, you know, shout out to Adam Blackstone, you know, he, he helped me produce it. De Hodges is he wrote the music, he's actually conducting it. Those brothers are crazy. I bought DJ drama with me. So, you know, it's a party that got DJ Ace with me. It's a celebration. You know what I'm saying? When you, when you were making this album 20 years ago, right? Were you just making songs or were you thinking the future? Were you thinking catalog? 'cause you look at a lot of people in the industry and their catalog is not strong, right?


Right. That first album, the catalog is not strong. They can't go on tour. Were you thinking about that when you were writing this first album? Or was it just, I'm just trying to get out the hood. I'm just, I was just trying to stay alive and free And I just wanted to be heard. And the reason why that album is so solid is because I put everything in there. You know, I didn't have another shot. You know what I'm saying? It wasn't like no label was looking for me. You know what I'm saying? I had spent all these, all these, all this money to build this buzz. And I had this one opportunity and you gotta think like, I lost my voice. I tore my vocal cords, you know, I had bells, like all these things happened at one time and I'm just like, I was humbled and the album got leaked four weeks before it came out.


Think about that. I was up against all that and I'm still like praying, you know what I'm saying? And it happened. So when I look back 20 years ago, like I didn't realize what I was doing, but I know to change the trajectory of my family and, and, and our generation of wealth and get in my family in a better place. That this is all I had. You know what I'm saying? So I put everything in the album Trap or die and this Yeah. Everything by the way, I probably, you know, was riding around you still getting it? You What? I, during that time. Right, right. Okay. That, that's interesting. The statue of limitations up. So I Put that out there. You know, It's interesting what you said about the record Soul Survivor because at that point in your life, you had survived to a certain extent, but you didn't, you didn't feel that way then.


No Emini here, you gotta think about it. I didn't really even start celebrating life until the recession. Wow. Yeah, I was, I was out of it, bro. I was drinking, smoking, living. I'm just holding on, you know what I'm saying? Because I didn't know. Then I woke up one day, I was like, damn, I'm still free. You know? So you do it at any moment it could go Down. Oh yeah. And ain't nothing like that. That's some type of stress you don't even want. You know what I'm saying? Because it's just, it's every day it never stops. And you always on edge. You living from, you know, you living from a survival mindset. You know what I'm saying? And you know, when I woke up on that day when I started to, to work on the recession, that's when I realized what abundance was. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? Because now I'm like, I, I'm a superstar, you know, I was telling the other day, man, I, I got in the gym, got myself together, my first show on in Boston for the recession tour.


You know, I hit the stage and I'm telling the security guard, Hey, yo, they throwing stuff at me. We gotta get out here and get down. He like, sir, no, they're panties. Oh, The sex simple Down. I like this. You know what I'm saying? Sty and Hall was in panties that you didn't, throwing hard objects, you know, bras And stuff. And I'm like, yo, this is, this is different because you gotta think, when I was doing shows, when Thug Motivation came out, all the gangsters was in the front. You know what I'm saying? All the, all the hustlers. There wasn't no women. I didn't have any women fans. You know, shout out to the women fans out there, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I didn't have that. So when you put that record of the record with Trey songs on the album, that that was them trying to tell you, Jesus, you gotta make something for the lady.


That was me trying to do a record with Trey. Oh, okay, okay. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You ever hung out with Trigger Trey? Yes. Yeah. He makes you want to do records like that. I need that. I need, I need that in my life. You know what I'm saying? Emotionally, do you ever get triggered when you on stage performing some of those records though? Yeah. Yeah. I, I Emini here, especially like lately because I'm so seasoned with it that, you know, everything is like a sermon to me. You know what, I'm, I don't take this lightly And I, I don't, I'm in a space where I'm, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm definitely, I'm, I'm blessed and, and I'm grateful to still have people that understand what my mission is because it's my purpose. It's who I am.


Like, you know, a lot of people do this because it has money or some type of, you know, some, some type of something behind it. But this is who I am every day. Like this is my life. Like when I walk outta here And I go walk downstairs And I see somebody, they ain't talking about the song. They talking about me like, we, like I keep doing what you doing because we living through you. So for me it's just like some of those songs, especially like 20 years later to see it. 'cause I'm, I'm gonna be honest, like Soul Survivor hits so different. It hits so different. Like, 'cause back then it was a great song. You know, shout out Toki Stewart, you know, rest in Peace. He made me put that on the album, you know what I'm saying? But my whole thing was like, I wanna go trap or die, you know?


And imagine if I would've listened to that myself and stayed on that trajectory and then where it's at now. Because when I'm doing this soul surviving arenas and I'm looking at these kids, or I'm looking at these people, I'm like, I want to do, they realize like, this is who I am. You know what I'm saying? And this is me living my dream being on the stage and I'm still getting standing ovations 20 years later. You know what I'm saying? So I, I don't know nobody else that can say that they're sole survivor and mean it like that. So yeah, this, that record means a lot to me. And even trap or die, you know what I'm saying? It just like that's real. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So, But you not sitting on the block with you thing cock no more. Nah, but we'll talk about that offline. But, But I was gonna ask, does the street mentality actually leave?


Right? So if, if you see Emini here and you've been around Jay and you've seen his evolution of being always looking over his shoulder to now, right? When I see him walking into the buildings, it is like free. I don't have to worry about that. Even when I see 50 more. Yeah, he feels more free. Right? Do you feel that way or do you feel like I'm Always still got it. Nah, Emini here, but I still got it because I, I'm, I'm not exempt, but I understand what it is. But you know, I carry myself with a level of integrity. So it's just like, as long as I feel like it's mutual respect, I don't feel like the need to even have to watch the room. But I will tell you this, I've been on a journey for about like almost eight, nine years now. You know what I'm saying? But I could tell you at this point in my life, like I'm really at peace.


Like I don't worry about the things that I can't control. And that is including people, you know what I'm saying? So for me, it's just like, I don't, I, you know, I, everybody know me. I float around my, with any city, you know what I'm saying? What got you there though? 'cause it took you a long time to get there. Work. What got you there? Work therapy, therapy work, journaling, meditate and all that. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm not even gonna hold you like it's real. And when you wake up and you start to realize like, okay, and, and you can emotionally regulate and you, and you know who you are, you have nothing to prove. There's no better feeling. You know what I'm saying? Because I don't gotta prove anything. And by the way, you can see, you can tell because people are attracted to that 'cause they can tell that that's how you feel. Peace attracts peace.


Chaos attracts chaos ain't way around that. You know what I'm saying? If you, if you got nervous energy, you gonna track nervous people. I ain't inviting no nervous people to my house. Watch me DJ know that I wanna go back. He, he mentioned Jay-Z. Do you remember the moment when Jay-Z told you that album was a classic? I remember reading that in maybe double XL or Something back. He, he said to me, he said to me, you, you got a brand, he text me. He was like, you got a brand. And, And I didn't know what that meant at first. But you know, 20 years later I can see that what he meant. Like you actually stand for something and people understand what that is, right? So it's almost like your brand could be anything.


But my brand has always been motivation. You know what I'm saying? But if you're coming out with your first album, it's hard to tell people you're motivating people. But 20 years later, that's what it is. I'm still doing what I know how to do best. And that's what he was trying to get me to see. Like stay there. You know what I'm saying? Because, you know, music was changing. You know, we all want to be hot, but it's like when you, when you, when you on fire in the inside, you don't need to be on fire outside. You know what I'm saying? I ain't gotta chase nothing. But then I would've, you know what I'm saying? You know, like you was Snap Music, it was crunk music. I've had to figure it out. You know, I'm rapping and I'm making songs that are the tempo or you know, 72, you know, you think about n if You Buck, you know, that was up there. So I'm in the club competing with that thinking, man, maybe I should, you know, but he was more saying like, stay there, you good?


Yeah. But Didn't he tell you that this, that album was a classic? Yeah. Yeah. He Did. Yeah. Yeah he did. Yeah, he did. He he hit me up. He was just like, yo, I think when he heard it for the first time, 'cause I played it for him, you know what I'm saying? And yeah, he, he definitely told me, he was like, yo, this, this one here gonna live with you and you know me, I was already on the next one. I was like, well what I'm gonna do for the next album? Because you know how it is you living from, you know, you living from that place of survival. You like, man, if this work, I gotta be ready again. 'cause that's a lot of pressure. You know what I'm saying? I don't know if that helped me when he told me it was a classic because you know, back then, you know, I was a little wild. So that got to, you know, that, that definitely, you know, made my head a little bigger. So that definitely, you know, like after my ego, Did you ask him to get on Dope Boys Go Crazy?


Yes, absolutely. I remember playing it. So first of all, that record was a record that I heard when I was over somebody else's trap house. And they was playing this tip mix tape, I think it was down with the King. Yeah. And I was just over there And I was kicking it and they was playing it. They asking me did I hear it And I heard the, I heard him rapping over the go crazy beat. And I'm like, damn. I said, who made the beat? They was like, Don Cannon. So I left And I called Don Cannon And I was like, yo, I need a beat like that. And then he said, why not use that beat? And I said, okay, what you mean? And he said, tip didn't bother the beat. He just rapped over it. I was like, bet where you at? I'm pull up on you now. You know what I'm saying? You right now. I got the, I got the record.


I had a meeting in Def Jam. So I flew in. Me and Coach K flew in to to New York that morning. He picked me up from the studio. We flew in, we had, we flew back that same night on the way back I wrote Go Crazy on the plane, you know what I'm saying? Flying back to Atlanta. Recorded it that night. I had three verses. Def Jam came about two weeks later and we was all in Pat's works And I played the whole album. And when I got to that song, it was all clapping when it was done. And I was like, yo, by the way, I'm putting Jay-Z on this song. I said, y'all need to work that out. I told La Reid that I'm putting Jay-Z on it. But you didn't speak the Ho yet, right? No. Y'all speak the existence. All right. And one day for the BET awards, I was out in LA and HOV called me to his hotel.


He is like, yo, come by the, come by the hotel. So we sitting upstairs in his suite, outside on the patio, smoking cigars, just talking. 'cause we never talked about music. We always talk about life. And then he was like, what verse you gonna take off? And I was like, what you mean? And then he was talking about go crazy. I had three verses. And then he said, I'm doing it by the way. And I was like, take it. You can take 'em all off me If that's what you wanna Do. I stay on the hook. And I remember, I never forget it, we was at Kday in New York, Emini here, sorry, LA la and Coach K walk in like, we doing an interview like this. Coach K Walk in. He was like, I got it. And I was like, what?


He's like, I got the Jay-Z verse me interview. I told the guy, I think it's Julio something, Julio GI said, Julio, you got, we stopped the interview. I was like, you gotta hold up. And I go outside And I told him to come in the hallway and coach played press play. And I heard that verse More than a hustle on the definition, man. It never stopped. Chef loaded, the kitchen covered. I was happy at first, but then I started thinking, damn, Yeah, he, you on, it's okay. He you on that record, but it's okay. That's one of Jay-Z's best verse ever. Yeah, I was, I was, I was like, damn, okay, how did this work? You know, I, How does this work now? I think I got 'em back on scene at all though. I think so. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So we good Thug Motivation 1 0 1, is there a record that didn't make the album 'cause of clearance or for whatever reason that you said, damn, I wish that one made that album.


Yeah, it was a bunch of like mix tape stuff that didn't make it. And the thing about it is like the album really got pressured out, you know what I'm saying? Because one of the interns who was up there who was trying to get his beats on the album will get a beat on the album. You know, I never did anything on his records And I left my drives at Patchworks. So I guess he got mad and leaked the album four weeks before it came out. So now Bell's Palsy, my vocal chords, all, all these things happened at once and now the albums leaking.


So now I'm sitting there and I'm like, what am I going to do? Because now I gotta think of the next plan so I can't go back to the streets, you know what I'm saying? Because now I'm like, damn, like this is it. And I never forget, I went to Patchwork, you know, I caught a lawsuit. I say that, you know what I'm saying? Because I had to Bro read the book, right? Adversity for Sales. Read the book. Read the book, Right. And, and you know, actually it helped me. You know what I'm saying? So you know what they say, no, no Weapon, you know, formed against me. So possible hell, because it went to all the bootlegs and it spread it everywhere. And the thing that I had the most anxiety about out of everything was I had to pick a single Right. And on mix tapes, they traffic that he pick it for you.


So by the time he leaked it and it was already going, I didn't know what I was going with. I was still pushing Trap or Die, the song and the label called me and Shaki called me. He's like, yo, we, he's like, yeah, you can shoot Trap or Die if that's what you wanna do. We're shooting Soul Survivor, how do you wanna shoot the video? Came to Brooklyn, shot the video. Everybody showed up. Ho Jim Jones, Cameron, you name it. It was crazy. It was, it was festive. And the video, you know, we did it like paid in full. It was crazy. It was probably one of the most memorable moments in my career, you know what I'm saying? Because, you know, you always heard stories about Brooklyn, like, ain't nobody come to Brooklyn. They like, jeez, we love you. Like I'm, I'm out in Brooklyn shooting a video and everybody from the blocks coming out and the whole label was there.


A lot of the guys from Atlanta came in. Like it was, it was, it was it dope man. And when the video came out, it was gone. And I didn't re And I told, I was telling somebody that I knew Acon from being around the way, 'cause it was like him and Boo, I couldn't tell him apart. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I didn't realize he was that big overseas. And I didn't, and this was the first collaboration that I've ever done. So I didn't realize doing a record with somebody that you can actually tap into their fan base too on a national level or a global level. Right. And I ain't know that. So it went from me being able to walk through the airport, you know what I'm saying? 7:00 AM to catch my flight to like, now I'm walking through the airport, everybody, hey con and young Jesus.


I'm like, where you from Brother Africa? Man, we love you. I be like, oh man, wow. You know what I'm saying? So it was love. And it was just like, one thing I say about the boy Ka, he's different. You know what I'm saying? Because he's over there. You know what, they love him. You know, I've did shows with him in Africa. And I'm like, okay, like what is going on? Nobody knows who I am. Right. They know who you are. And he was like, you gotta be over here a little bit more. And I love that. You know what I'm saying? And, and we, over the years, he hit me up, you know, over the years we always stayed locked in. He hit me up the other day and was like, yo, we number one on TikTok. I don't even know what that mean, but I'm like, yeah, that's it. Full Record. Soul Survivor. Soul Survivor. Oh wow. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Yeah. Did Mail Man really flip birds at the judge?


Yeah, he did. He did. Yeah. That's probably why he got them 10. I was trying to get him off of about four and a half, but yeah. Yeah. Damn. Shout out to Mel. Man. I'm Shocked that you didn't know that you was such a sax symbol. I'm really sitting here like you, how did you not, you Know, Emini here, you know, like in the, you know, like, I didn't know that then. Okay. You know what I'm saying? 'cause you gotta think like, back then, when I was doing, you know, I was, I'm five eight, I was two 60 skin bad. I went drinking water. My, my diet was Waffle House and Chris style. Mm. You know what I'm saying? I'm partying all day. 'cause I, I didn't know if I was gonna be home. You like a snowman? For real? Yeah, I was here Big snow, but you know now.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I get it now. Emini here. Even on the intellectual level, like I know that I can sit down and spar with the best of Emini here. I know that for a fact. Oh yeah. We saw you with Nia Long. Yeah. I shout out to Nia. Shout to Nia. And then I said, I was even saying a lot of women in the common center. Oh, after the, the divorce man, he looked even better after That. Oh wow. I received that. I was, I was Saying that, but I know that that was like an intense time, you know, last year you going through all of that, even with, you know, the custody battle Yep. That you did win and everything. Where are things with you on your ex now? Peace. That's good. Yeah. Peace man. I just, I'm, I'm all about understanding. I'm all about what's best for everybody. Yeah. The greater, you know, the greater good. And it just like, I'm just telling you like my life.


I tell myself this every day. Like, man, this is amazing. I don't got no enemies, I ain't got no issues. I don't want no enemies. I don't want no issues.


Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field. Or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company. Wells Fargo Bank. Na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Choose, I just want peace. I just want joy And I just want freedom. I love my freedom. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, I love it. Like you just talk about, I came up here independently, I just called like I'm coming to The Breakfast Club, you know what I'm saying? Like, I ain't gotta check in. I ain't gotta, you know, I ain't gotta talk to no label. I ain't gotta do nothing and shout out to Def Jam. Love y'all. But it just like, freedom and, and ownership is, is is everything. You know what I'm saying? Especially when you're talking art, you talking culture, you talking your mind. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've worked hard my whole life. This is like this, this is the season of me, you know what I'm saying? I'm putting myself first at all costs. You know what I'm saying? It's just like my peace is everything. Like everybody that know me know that, you know what I'm saying? They call me and be like, yeah bro, like I love you, but don't call me with nothing crazy.


You know what I'm saying? I wanted to ask, you know, how was that? Because you, you are very private, very private person, but that was so public, right? Did that irk you at all? Like everybody in your business talking about you? Well, I had to come to the realization that I know who I am and that nobody else can't tell me different. So long as I stayed on the path of integrity and staying true to myself, it wasn't nothing really to worry about. Because anybody that know me like Emini here, I, I even heard y'all was up here. Like, nah, I know, I know Jeezy, you know that. But that's, that's because my reputation exceeds me. I'm like, I ain't on, I ain't know nothing. You know what I'm saying? That I need to be, you know what I'm saying? And I'm not. So it just like, it comes with the territory, you know what I'm saying?


He, he who wears the crown, it's just like, you know, people talked about Jesus, you know what I'm saying? They gonna talk about everybody. Everybody's not gonna like you. Now, if I'm a good person to you and you don't like me, then there's a problem. But if you don't like me because of what you heard or what you think, then I ain't none my spiritual business, I can't do nothing about that. You know what I'm saying? I can't even convince you 'cause your mind is made up. However, if you know me and, and, and we had some type of interaction and interaction And I haven't done anything wrong to you, then that says more about you than me because now you judging, now you judging me. There's no judgment here. 'cause I'm not perfect by far. But if I haven't done anything to you, then you can't take that position because, you know, the people around me got real love for me and my friends and, and and my circle.


Like I never felt any type of just, but the people who wasn't for me. Of course. And that Emini here that did me is solid. And I ain't gotta even worry about cutting you off Put so, right. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Would you ever get married again? Woo. Hit me up. I'm gonna be all the way honest. I love my freedom. Yeah. I And it has nothing to do and it has nothing to do with anything in the past. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just love my freedom. I got You. You know what I'm saying? Like, I love it. You know, I, I think life partners are amazing. You know? I would think so. How did you feel when the internet said you was, you was trying to holler at Nia Long by any means necessary. They weren't lying. It was not lying. Right.


You said real niggas don't cheat. She said really? You said But What I went was real men. I never cheated. Not like that. No, I don't cheat. That's, That's what you mean. Not Like that. I'm saying like that's low hanging fruit. If I'm locked in, I'm locked in. We ain't gotta be married. Like I'm just not a cheater. That's like, I'm not gonna cheat my friends. You know what I'm saying? I'm not, I'm not. That ain't in my blood. That's Real. But But but when you say I was trying to holler. Yeah. I was, you know, but I had to be respectful 'cause I was still, you know, finalizing, You know what I'm saying? Gotcha, Gotcha. It was hard. It was tough. Gotcha. Staying focused. They gonna link you with everybody now. Right? They gonna link you with everybody. We link you with Cynthia Bailey the other day when you did that?


No, they Wouldn't do that. They wouldn't do that. They sure did. We love Cynthia man. Shout out to Cynthia. That's her homegirl, you know what I'm saying? Nah, nah, nah, nah. Now the Other one. Yeah, they think is, I just said the other one. Would you spin the block on that real quick? On who? Emini here on the other one. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Everything is finalized and we good now I'm Press vogue. I'm gonna hit the park Button. You know what I'm saying? I'm Not gonna play About that. Oh, So you Say we might see her at some of these shows. Emini Here listen. Invited talk. She's invited. She's, I know she has a beautiful black dress. She's definitely invited. There You go. Right. I I do want, I do wanna know what what inspired you to rea reimagine the album in this way though?


'cause I'm sitting there, I'm like, yo, symphony orchestra, black tie. Right. Pushed your fingers up, bang, motherfuck, Bang. Yeah. But, but when we did it with the, we did it in Atlanta was the first one. It was no feeling like that because it was a lot of people that I saw. And by the way, I've been trying to do this for, you know, at least five years. But it was like so many people that I saw in the crowd that I knew personally, that I was just proud of where they was at. 'cause they're successful. They're this, they that. But they don't, they don't want to come to a show where they feel I wanna bring my woman out. That's right. I want to get, I wanna go to dinner before and, and hit a spot after this is a celebration. This isn't a show or a concert. This is a one night, you know, one man one night thing.


And it's just like, why not celebrate the evolution of it? And also I would like to add that I feel like it's my moral obligation because I was the one that told these kids to trap or die. I feel like it's my moral obligation to show them evolution in this and that you don't have to change to evolve. Mm. You know what I'm saying? It is like if you make art, it should grow with you. Right. It shouldn't you shouldn't have to be a different person. 'cause I think that's where they run into the roadblocks. It's just like, I gotta be thugged forever. You know what I'm saying? And that's, if that's how you feel, that's how you feel. But I'm, I don't, I'm, I ain't going to gotta be on the block with my, you know what I'm saying? Like now I'm in the boardrooms. Right. And that's okay.


And my thing is my, is my mind. 'cause I know I'm a lot smarter than what, And I done been through enough to know that if the press is on, I'm not worried about losing my job. They may be, I'm gonna make sound decisions 'cause I've been through it before. So that's my gift. But for the culture, it hurts me to know these young men and to see them in these situations. They is, I care bro. Like I don't care what nobody saying. These are my, these are my, my little brothers And I know I can't change them. Right. So I can't judge them. The only thing I could do was what I saw, like hold them do for me, just lead by example. You know what Emini here, just do your thing and, and, and just leave the door open or the back door at least because it's not easy like to even get to this point and all the turmoil and, and the doors that got closed on me just to even do this, this, this project.


You know what I'm saying? I had to real really realize like, okay, you still, you so you gotta really, you know, do this the right way and that's on your own. But you gotta realize they ain't going let just let you in this door like that. But, so I gotta make sure I leave the door open for the kids that's coming up or the generation behind 'em. Because if you really look at it when t Trapper die dropped Thug Motivation and all this, if you seen the influx of street cats that got into music because they was like, man, I, I saw jeez on that's real. Sure. Yeah. I I I know people that he actually was affiliated with got down with whatever cities he been to, whatever. So I know if he can do it, I can do it. The only problem is the rules are different. 'cause ain't nobody, ain't no big homies. So it's like the wild, wild west.


You know what I'm saying? That's the part of why I'm listening to house music these days. You know what I'm saying? Because it's like, I love the music but it's a different vibration. So I don't need that all day. I can listen to it in the gym. Right. But I'm not gonna listen to it. You know, when I get up in the morning to go do what I gotta do. 'cause I want to keep a, you know, but at the same time I feel like it's my moral obligation like in my heart. You know what I'm saying? Like that's my purpose. To, to inspire and to, to help culture evolve. Like that's, that's my purpose. Do You have those conversations with the younger artists though? And the reason I ask is yeah, it's like you said, you know, we talk about it all the time, right? We did a lot of super stuff back then, but there was none of this. Right. There was no internet. Right. They weren't telling on themselves. But now it just seems like it's the cool thing to tell everybody what you did.


I hate whether it's illegal or not, which is the wow. Crazy because there's no integrity and there's nobody to follow. Which is why I don't do a lot of interviews. You know what I'm saying? I come talk to y'all. You, we going kick it. But I don't got nothing to say to somebody who, who's looking for ignorance from me. Mm. You know what I'm saying? I'm not, I'm still operating by the code. You know what I'm saying? These people are moving the goal posts. I don't like that. I don't wanna play that game. You know what I'm saying? Every time it's something different. Why is there something different for them and not me? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Or us. So for me, I feel for him because they don't got nobody to follow. You know what I'm saying? And there's nothing like giving somebody this. 'cause you gotta think about it like Jordan got the type of money he got, but he ain't get LeBron money for playing. So they're giving them a different type of money and they're using the money.


They still got trauma, they still got things going on that's so important to them that they feel like they gotta deal with. But now you giving the money to fuel the war, Man, I seen this kid on TikTok a couple weeks ago. Remember I was showing you that video. The dude was literally in his room crying to his girlfriend 'cause his ops had came up on some money. Right. And the way he was serious, he was like, man, he was like man, they gonna have all type of choppers and switches. He said, that shit ain't fair. I'm like, first of all, why you recording this number one, He's probably trying to get him a safe haven. Something happened to me, you know what it is? I don't respect it. You know I said I wasn't gonna talk about it when I came up here 'cause I feel like it ain't none of my spiritual business. But as somebody who's been in the game, a part of the game and in this world and not of it, I just don't respect it.


Ain't no integrity. Like everybody getting up here, they talking too much. They saying too many things. And if that's okay, then the next generation gonna do the same thing. Right. And even worse, it even worse. And I'm only concerned about the culture because at some point when nobody respects it no more, they're not gonna respect the art form. It don't even matter what you say. Right. It'll be like, we'll be obsolete. You know what I'm saying? Because ain't nothing, ain't no, there ain't no integrity behind what we are doing or saying because we're doing anything and it looks like we're doing anything for money. Right. Right. And I don't like that 'cause I'm not doing anything for money. You know what I'm saying? I probably turn down more than I accept because it gotta be in line with my purpose. And that's just me. I'm not asking nobody else to be that way. But when you speak of the culture, you can see why people kind of stay away from it.


'cause they're kind of like, I don't know if I want to be affiliated with that. Right. You know what I'm saying? Because I don't, I don't, I don't, you know, and, and if all my kids are gonna think is that, you know, that I was a artist and that's it. I'm a father first. I'm a man first. You know what I'm saying? I'm a CEO first. You know what I'm saying? I'm a big brother first. You know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm, I'm all the things I'm a son, you know. So we can't just get categorized and boxed in to what we are as far as culture and go live that out. 'cause then if something happened to you, your kids are the ones that's suffering. You know, ain't nothing like having a daddy that was rich and, and now we ain't got nothing. 'cause he made a decision for what he thought was right.


That had nothing to do with anybody. And you asked me earlier, And I ain't calling no names 'cause I ain't trying to call nobody out 'cause I love them bro. I don wanna sat on these cats' beds in they house in they room. Like, hey man, we gotta talk bro. Like, I don't call like, Hey man, what you got going bro? Like come pull up on me. Let's talk about this. And I did this so many times And I think that the, the disconnect is when they, when these labels are giving these kids these type of money, money equals respect to them. That's real. So it's like, I'm not listening to you 'cause you ain't doing nothing for me And I got this, which is fine. Now sustaining it is a whole different conversation. But even keeping you, because now you got the chance to change generational wealth.


You know what I'm saying? Or either put your kids in the, it is a difference between your kids going to to to to public school and private school or having those type of friends when they grow up because that's what it's about. Like their relationships and who they're gonna meet and grow up with and go to college with and all that. Because it ain't about you, it's about your kids. Right. But just imagine that everything's going great. Everybody's loving this new life we got. And then you just make a decision that's purely based on emotions and ego. And I tell everybody, man, a bad day for the ego is a great day for the soul. You know what I'm saying? Because I've had to make so many unpopular decisions. But it all worked out for me 'cause I'm in peace. Right. And, and, and, And I ain't gotta play. You know what I'm saying?


It is like, I don I don't gotta play the game. 'cause if you come over here, you know what I'm saying? We gonna be in the right. It is, it is not even, it ain't even about being gangster. It's about being a man. It's just like, I don't wanna be nothing around there. I love y'all. You can come one on, you know, one on one, but don't bring all your partners. I don't wanna be part of that. You know what I'm saying? But I feel for 'em because you know, it's a lot of wet pillows in that penitentiary man. You know what I'm saying? It's a lot of wet pillows. I I do wanna say in regards to the music you used to make 20 years ago, you can't beat yourself up about that because you was doing the best you could with the information you had at the time. And when I listen to Thug Motivation 1 0 1, I don just a hustle is a hustle. Right. It don't mean that leading me to the Street.


Oh no, no, I'm I'm, And I don't want you to think that I'm tripping. I'm saying because I always knew as a position of leadership, I always understood that now what I was going through when I was going through, I just wise up over time and started listening to the people who's really trying to help me. Right. Because they really were, and they were people that I wouldn't expect, you know what I'm saying? They were people that was reaching out, having these conversations. But I, I took he And I was just like, okay, tell me about that. And you gotta stay curious. You know, you gotta ask the questions and then when you start seeing what's happening around you, it goes back to the streets. Like, I knew what not to do based off of h saw these people getting into this trouble. So I'm like, I don't wanna do that. I ain't the jail type I'm going to tell you right now. I don't, I I can't see sitting nowhere and not being productive.


So I don't want to even put myself in no position like that without me having to, you know what I'm saying? But I don't regret anything. I don't regret my hard times. I don't regret my lows. I don't regret my highs. I don't regret my run-ins. I don't regret anything. 'cause it all taught me a lesson. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I understand that now. And I say that wholeheartedly. So when somebody comes and talk to me, I can say, bro, look, I can't tell you what to do, but I'm gonna go and tell you like, I don't know how that's gonna work out. 'cause this is what happened over here. This is what I seen happen with this person. Now you can take that data and that information and you can do whatever you want with it. But I can assure you that if you do that, there's gonna be some type of consequence. For sure. When you, when you go on a journey like this, you know, for your, your 20 years of Thug Motivation 1 0 1, does it make you, like, does it make you reach out to like older people you came up with?


Like, have you spoken to Big Meat or Yeah, solid. Solid. Okay. Yeah, everybody's solid bro. I'm just peace man. Welcome Home is Love baby. You know what I'm saying? For me it's, you know, I'm, I'm like I said man, it's all good with me bro. You know what I'm saying? All good. What's the Deep album cut that you really enjoy performing off Thug? Motivation 1 0 1, Man, Emini. Here listen bro, I can't get past the intro, you know what I'm saying? Intro. I used To hit the kitchen Lights, cockroaches, everything. You gotta, you gotta wait till you hear this with the, with the symphony. Oh, crazy. You know what I'm saying? With the symphony and, and, And I need everybody to know I'm coming through your city. I'm coming through your town. It's gonna be amazing. One night only and you gotta pull up.


And going back to your other question about me reaching back out, I think it's more important for me to reach forward. So shout out to lisc, who I just partnered with for my nonprofit space and, and shout out to the Urban League of Atlanta who I reached out with for my young CEO program. Because it's like, What is lisc? I know you do that with the Scree Dreams Foundation. Yeah, LISC is, is, so we got two, two things going right now. We definitely got the prostate cancer campaign going on because I had a couple of friends that go through that. So we, we locked in there. But it's definitely for entrepreneurs, young entrepreneurs, you know, tech spaces, just you have it. Like we showing them how to set up their lives so that they can win.


And same thing with the Urban League of, of, of Atlanta, same thing. We got the young CEO program. You can go on my Instagram, check it out, you know, anybody from the age of, what's it, what's the age? His name 17 to 20, 17 to 24. Nice. And we send it up. We putting them with mentors, all that. And, and by the way, like, this is who I am. Like I love this. And somebody ask me they, how do you do both? They all the same. You know what I'm saying? We still motivating. It's, it's all the same to me. You know, it just, we get to jump on the stage, but then we get to go help some people with prostate cancer. We get to jump on the stage and we get to go help mentor some kids. You know? I love it. And, And you saving people, you know, you know, Emini here, people can live a much longer life if they just go well, And, and, And I, And I know I said this last time, but I gotta say it again 'cause you saved me, brother.


Shout out to Charlamagne for my New York time bestselling book, adversity for Sale. Because I ran into a situation where I had a issue with a publishing company And I called Charlamagne's, like, who published your book? And he put me with somebody and we went on to sell a New York Times bestseller. Congratulations. Yeah. So thank you. Congrats my brother, Brother. Thank you for all the years of motivation with the music man. Right? Yeah. My last question, if you could go back and tell 2005 Jeezy one thing before TM 1 0 1 dropped, what would it be? Go harder. Because I, I was a little reluctant. 'cause, you know, I, I was scared of failure. You know what Emini here, because I had so much on the line. So it was like real pressure, you know, it ain't nothing like everybody looking at you like a way out.


You know what I'm saying? That pressures on your shoulder. But then you also looking at yourself like if, 'cause it's different if a record label is inquiring you and you hiding the streets and on your, like, they're, they're pushing this issue. Like, this is your money, this is your time, this is your energy. So if it doesn't work, you know, nine times outta 10, you don't spend all, you don't spend all your bread and now you gotta figure something else out and you don't turn your back on all, everything you knew as far as like the streets to, to, to take this chance. So I always said go harder, because there was a lot of times where I was like, I was sitting back not being the star that I could have been because I was having, what do they call the imposter syndrome? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


You know, 'cause I was in these rooms with these guys that was really writing and really like, this is what they been doing their whole life. And I kind of just stumbled into this. And it wasn't until I just realized that like, but you, but you real though. You are who you say you are. And you don't have to be as witty. You can be realer. And that was my thing. So when I was saying if it's taking too long to lock up, I was talking to the people who knew what I was talking about. So everybody wasn't gonna get that. And that's the, that's the, that's what I had over everybody else. I knew how to talk to the people that mattered to me. And it wasn't until I really figured that out is when I was like, okay, I can live in it. Like I said, it was, it was, I was three albums in before I woke up And I was just like, I took that book bag with all those, not bricks, Emini here, like weights in it Because It was heavy.


And I just took it off and threw it. And I was like, I'm going to be a star. I'm gonna be a star man. You know? So Thug Motivation to me was a blur because it was like, it could have happened, it might have not happened. But everything I went through, I'm, I'm, I'm grateful for even right now to this day, because there's nothing that I go up against that I don't go, what would I done in 2005? Mm. You know what I'm saying? How would I have worked around this? And I love it. 'cause when people put me in a, you know, like if I get in situations with business And I call back And I call my team the next day and be like, yo, we gonna do this? They be like, oh man, I knew it. We got 'em. You know what I'm saying? Because they tried to box me in. I figured it out.


So, yeah. And so in a lot of ways this tour is like you being able to relive that time, but actually enjoy the moment. Enjoy the moment, man. And I, I don and, And I want people to enjoy it with me. And I'm gonna say this, like, this is for us, you know, put your, put your black suit on. If you don't got a bow tie, put your black dress on. Let's have a good time. Let's celebrate. Like, let's celebrate, you know, evolution. Let's celebrate life. Let's celebrate our wins, our losses and everything. Like, let's have a good time because I don't want to keep coming. And we doing like, you know, you could do a show, but I want an experience. You know what I'm, I want you to see what I'm trying to say. And again, this is a party. This is not, you know, you just coming, sitting down, you know, this is not the opera.


Shout out to the opera, but it's not the opera. Gotcha. Right. Well we appreciate you for joining us, man. I appreciate you guys. And where they gonna get tickets? Oh, you go to, to Jeezy. It's TM 1 0 1 Live T1 Live do com. Com. That's right. Yes, Sir. We appreciate you for joining us. Let us know you in New York because we, we definitely pulling off. Oh yeah. And I wanna say this before I leave New York is gonna be lit because I'm actually officially closing down the Apollo. I'm doing the last show there until they do the renovation. So they're gonna sit down for the rest of the year. Nice. So I will be having an official last show at the Apollo. It's gonna be crazy. Look on the website to find out when I'm coming through your city. Shout out to The Breakfast Club. Shout out to you all. Yeah. Well, there you have it. Yes sir. It's Jeezy. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, na member ft IC.


You Know what's great about your investment account with the big guys? It's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It is time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and I PC, full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


This is an IHeartPodcasts.