
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the


table At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neville. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club just as out today. Laura LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building. He's back. Ladies and gentlemen, Ryan Kogler. Welcome back brother. Man. It's nice to be here, bro. How you feeling? Thank y'all for having, I'm feeling good, bro. Feeling good. We just premier our, our movie last night, you know, so happy to, happy to be at this stage of putting it out, you know, and happy to be here talking to y'all about it. Man. One thing about Ryan, no matter what Ryan is doing, no matter how long he in Hollywood that Oakland do not get up out here West Coast, you can hear he every time you talk about, I feel like you about to ask me what set I'm from.


We tripping, bro. We, we don't, we don't even Himself Now. No, no. We gonna ask somebody that in Oakland, bro. That's that's a LA thing. Asking somebody that bought they set. But How do you stay so grounded though? Like, you can hear the Oakland in you, like you doing movies that got $90 million budgets, but it don't change It. It's just my accent. It is how I talk, bro. Yeah, exactly. I don dunno, I can't change it. Yeah, it's, it's, it is, you know, it, y'all can't, it's like how, how envy sound like he from New York, you know what I'm saying? It's just, it's just, I, I think what it is, it's not a lot of us from like that, from like that era, like me, me, me and Marshawn about the same age. Okay.


He, Another one, Oakland never leaving Him. Dame Dame Dame literally quite younger than us, but he like of that, of that era. But Dame a little, you know what I'm saying? Dame a little bit younger. You know, we, we, it's a certain, like, like every every era of Oakland talk, a little talk talks a little different. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? Like my mom, her, her, her, she, she talks very proper. But, but, but it's, but it also has a little, a little bit of the south in it, a little more of the in it than, than than than us. And, and my grandmother, she's from, you know, born in Port Port Arthur, Texas. They moved it up until she was 12. So she sounds completely like, she like a Texan, you know what I'm saying?


And then it's like a, and it's like a class thing too, you feel me? Like my little brothers, you know, we moved to Richmond, like they don't remember, they don't really remember Oakland, you know what I'm saying? And, and we went to, we went to Catholic school, you feel me? So like, like they accent is slightly different from mine too, you know what I'm saying? Like my, like my, my action And I know exactly where it's from. The era is from. It's, it is, it got locked in when I was like seven or eight years old. And it's funny 'cause my moms was, it was actually funny 'cause my mom remember when my accent started to change because I started hanging out and she was like, Hey man, you talking like them. You know what I'm saying? You talking like them outside. You know what I'm saying? It's gonna get stuck like that. Yeah. She was Just say It got stuck, Like So My whole life I gotta, I gotta, I ended up having to explain it, you know what I'm saying?


But, but yeah, bro, it's, it's, it is a hard talk. I can't, I can't talk no different. I listen. I love it. You know what, Emini here, one of the, and Go ahead. I was gonna say, you mentioned sin yesterday that the preview was yesterday with the premier, I should say. So explain to people what Sinners is about. I'm sure they've seen the commercial, they've seen the trailers, but what is sin about? Yeah, Man. It like, like the plot or, or Yeah, the plot. Yeah. Yeah, the plot. It's about two twin brothers who come home to that, to their hometown in Clarksdale, Mississippi after about seven years in Chicago. And they kind of, you know, they, they, they basically gangsters, you know what Emini here and, and very notorious. And they come home and pick up their little cousin who's this, who's this blueish prodigy.


And they got plans of opening up A-A-A-A-A juke joint, you know, which is like a, a black nightclub at, at that, at that time. And so it's a 24 hour movie. They gather up all they, all they friends from they past who, you know, to start this business. And then, you know, a vampire ends up showing up and, and the, and you know, thing, things go a little left. H how difficult was it directing one actor for two different roles? Because Michael B Jordan played the Twin Brothers Emini here. It, it was, man, it was, Yeah, I, I guess I, I guess, I guess I wouldn't wanna talk about it like in terms of degree of difficulty, right? But, but it was, it was definitely complicated, you know what I'm saying? Like, but I got a, I got a great team, bro.


I got great producers, fantastic visual effects department, you know, and, and, and we just came up with a plan on how to do it. I I actually, I actually talked to a few filmmakers who had done things like it, you know, I was in conversation with, with with Chris Nolan, who's a mentor of mine. And he did a similar thing. He actually did a couple movies that had, that had like kind of twin elements. He, he did a movie called The Prestige Spoiler alert. It's, it's some, it's some, you know, it some, it's a twin element in that. And then he, he also did a movie called Te that came out right, right at, right at the, at the start of the Pandemic with, with with John David Washington. And, and because he got characters going back and forth in time. Like, he got scenes with John David Washington fighting himself, you know, so, so, so I talked with him a little bit.


I was talking to him about just the format that we shot the film in. And we talked a little bit of Twin era too. But it, it was another film actor I know named Sean Durkin, who came up the Sundance route. And he had just done, he had just done a, a television series called Dead Ringers. It was a remake of a David Kornberg film, but, but it started Rachel Vice as a twin gynecologist, you know what I'm saying? Like that, that identical twin gynecologist played by one actor. And I, And I got on the phone with him for about, he probably talked for about, about, about an hour on how they, on how they made that, how they made that work. And he, he ran it down to me, you know, kind of blow by blow at things I should be thinking about. And I, I'll be forever grateful to, I'll be forever grateful to shine And I actually need to reach out to him, you know?


But, but yeah, like, it, it's, it's, it's a lot. It's very, very technical, but it's actually the, the, it is actually the hardest on Mike, you know what I'm saying? To be honest with you, because I'm, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm near with the camera and trying to, and trying to work it out and, and some, some days is more complicated than us. I don't know if y'all had a chance to see the film yet. I saw far of it Absolutely. Parts of it. Did you see that? You see parts of it. Parts of it. Okay. Yeah. So, so, so for, for Michael, you know, you know, he had to, he had to embody two completely different people who, who were identical twins, which is a very like, unique specific type of person, right. And, and on and on days where, you know, where, where, where the twins were interacting, you know, he would have to start the day as one character, you know, go get changed and come back and then shoot another pass as the, as the other character.


We had to cast a twin double, which is a, a, a actor who, who, who basically is the same build shape, height complexion as Mike to act across from him so he can know where you know where to look. But so, so he's not talking to Himself. Okay. So when I was watching it, 'cause even the first time you see them on camera and they're standing next to each other. Yeah. And I'm like, okay, I noticed is technology, but I'm like, as an actor, I know you kind of feed off of like, it's very like, physical. Yeah. So I was like, I wonder how Michael B Jordan, like, what is he using to, because their interaction is Yeah. Now Lauren want the stunt double number. She just like Michael, he built like, she can't get the original, so she'll get the Shout out the per she Built when they killed a snake in the back of the truck.


Even that, I'm like, Emini here, I something so small. But I'm like, you gotta know where your people are to know, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, how did they do that? Emini here look a lot of work, man. You feel me? Like, like we, we did a lot of work, but the most, but real talk, like the highest degree of difficulty was on Mike. Like, acting is an, acting is an insanely difficult thing to do. You know what I'm saying? Like, to, to to, to be able to embody another, another human being, you know? And, and, and in this case, he had to embody, he had to embody two of them that had an interdependent relationship on each other. Right? Right. So, so we had to make sure that Percy could, could act, but also Mike had to, had to know what he was gonna do. 'cause Percy is not Mike, you know what I'm saying?


So you had to kinda like, you know, we had to kind of walk through, alright, well what would he do when he smoke? Or what would he do when he stack? We had to decide who should go first. You know what Emini here, because knowing that whoever goes second is gonna have to really feed off where the first one was, they can't walk through the body of the other one even though they're not there. We gotta map that out. You know? It was very, it was very technical, bro. You know what Emini here, and, and, but, but I was so impressed with, I was so impressed with what Mike was able to do, man. Like, I think, I think these, I think these two performances are, are, are are his two best performances. He's he's ever done. Wow. You know? And, and I've been there for all of 'em. For all, yeah. For all. Not all of 'em, you feel me. But I've been there for, I've been there for some of the, for some of the, you know, some of the great ones. I would say like, like, you know, I wasn't there for Jess Mercy, I wasn't there for John Jordan, you know, creed two and Creed three, I was, creed 12 was an executive producer.


Creed three I produced. But, but, but as, as far as like what I, what I'm directing right there, standing next to the camera, watching him, you know, man, like, like straight up. Like, you know, y'all haven't seen a movie, but it's two, it's two brothers and these dudes is gangsters straight up. You know what I'm saying? Like, old school gangsters, like the, the gangsters that the gangsters we came up under look, you know, came up under, you know what, you know what Emini here and and World War I veterans and, and you know, and, and, and, and, and one brother is is is far more gangster than the other one. Hothead. You know what Emini here? What I, well, yeah. Well actually it, it's funny because it was, it was, it was complicated. 'cause he's actually kind of cool. Yeah. You know, like, like, and, and constantly more cunning than anything.


You got that funny story about Nelly, bro. You know what I'm saying? When you said, when you said Nelly calmly told you like, I got a contingency for Everybody. Be like, yo, who's the person that came to the show that made you feel like they would really fuck you up? I'm like, Nelly. Yeah. And they like Nelly. Everybody be like, Nelly. It is. Because he had such a calm demeanor about him. So that, so, so where I'm from, bro, you know, you had the guys that was, you had the guys that was rah, rah and HighEd. That didn't last long. You know what, Emini here, they got killed early, went to jail early. That's right. The dudes that, the dudes that last the longish is the dudes that, that that'll sit right there. Yep. And you don't even know, they just decide they gonna have you whacked. You know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? That smoke gangsters, the, the real scary ones even in New York, were the ones that didn't say much Real quiet, real calm.


Yep. Those are the ones you had to be scared About. Yeah. So that's smoke in the, in the, in the movie. And I'll never forget, bro, like, like day zero when we was shooting, he came to shut ass. He came to shut ass smoke. And, and, and, and, and Ruth Carter, who's a legendary costumer course, she came up to me And I could tell she was like, a little bit, a little bit flustered, you know what I'm saying? She was like, Hey, you know, I got these. She's like, I, I got this jewelry, you know, you know, I got, I got different, you know, like kind of getting that costumes together. And she was saying like, and you know, you know, you gotta look at it and tell me what you, what you, what you want to have. I put, you know, I put both things on him, you know, and she kind of was like, you know, I could tell she kind of had a, you know, so he walked, so Mike walked up and, And I been knowing Mike A. Long time, bro, you know what, you know what Emini here, like we, we, we, we, we hum me, you feel me?


And it's something all his energy was making my blood run cold. You know what Emini here. And I, and so, so I asked him the question that she wanted. It was like something about a bracelet, if he wanted a bracelet or something or not. And, And I said, Hey bro, do you want the bracelet on, on this, on this arm for, for smoker this arm? And he said, he said, I'm indifferent, but he said in like, this deep southern accent, you know what I'm saying? And I, And I looked at him And I was like, oh shit. Character, Character. He Completely like, you know, Emini here, he's, he's completely somebody else, you know, you know what I'm saying? And he had like a thousand yard, a thousand yard steer, you feel me? And I was like, oh man, we gotta get to work. I put him right in the car and started shooting. I don't even know if I took the bracelet off or not. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. How do You, how do you, well, two questions. Was this, was that always the original plan for Michael to play both those characters?


Absolutely. Okay. So yeah. So I guess you, you can't get in his mind, but how do you as a director prepare him to do two different Roles? That's a great question, bro. So, so, I, I so, so Emini here, it's so, it's so deep to it, bro. But like, I don't know what neighborhood y'all from. Are you from Queens? Queens, yeah. Yeah. And then you from South Carolina? Yes, sir. Yeah. So was there any, was there any like hood twins in y'all when y'all grew up? It's always a set of hood twins. Okay. That's why I there no hood twin. What? Yeah. No, no. But d No. And Okay, where you from? I'm from Delaware. I'm from Wilmington, Delaware. Delaware, okay. So Was It some It was, yeah. Actually, God rest their soul. They just, they, because they still was getting into it. They just passed away this past summer.


Yeah. Together. Yeah. You, you you knew some. Yeah, we had, Yeah, we had I think one set of twins, but, but a lot of brothers, but one set of twins. Yeah. So, so you got brothers, right. You know what I'm saying? But then you got twin, like, like, so, so like I'm from a lot of hoods got got twins and that, and that would, that would be referred to as the twins. And then when you see 'em, you can't turn 'em apart. So a lot of people just call 'em twins. Yeah. You know, you know what I'm saying? Like, like Emini here. Like, but, but I used to think it was just like a west coast thing. But then I seen this film called The Craves, and it was white twins. That was, that was, that was in, you know, that was in, it was cockney and doing that, doing their thing, you know. And I realized it was a, it was a, it was a whole thing. But in, but in black culture, specifically West African culture, it's like a, it's like a spiritual thing.


They're like twin deities outta Yuba, outta Yuba religion, you know what I'm saying? And the Yuba people are over indexing fraternal twins, you know. So as, as African Americans we're more likely that we're more likely to have twins than other, than other people. Right. Oh, great. But with identical twins, they scientifically don't even understand how it happens. You know what I'm saying's still a mystery of how, of how that, of, of how that fertilized egg splits and, and, and why it does. Right. And my mom's older sisters are identical twins. My auntie Melin and my auntie curling, they in their seventies now, and they live right next door to each other. One of 'em was my godmother, you know what I'm saying? And the other one, I'm still, I'm still super tight whip, but they are completely identical, you know what I'm saying?


With my whole life growing up, I could tell which one was which, just by looking at how they hold their face, you know what I'm saying? And what they energy is like when they walk into a, when they walk into a room. Right. So it's something I've always been cognizant of, something I always thought about, you know, And I always wanted to explore it. And with this movie, I, I, I wanted to hire some twin consultants for Mike to, to talk to, I got two homies named Noah and Logan Miller, like white dudes, but they from, from the Bay area, from, from not far from where Pac went to high school. Right. And they, and they real like salt to the earth dudes, street dudes. And it became, became filmmakers, you know what I'm saying? Like, like hustled the hard way. Didn't go to film school, none of that.


And they, And I hit 'em up and they was down. They was like, yo, we talked to him about it. And bro, it was mind blowing, man. They, they were write up these, these kind of journals, you know what Emini here for him to, for him to kind of look at and study and they would kind of explain the, the mindset of an identical twin. And, and, and what I learned, I was also fascinating was that when, when, when identical twins, siblings pass, like they don't live long after, you know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? Like it's, it is one of those things where it's such a symbiotic relationship. You know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? That, that, that, you know, you, you, you start from in utero with this, you know what I'm saying? With this, with this, with this person. You know what Emini here, and, and you go through the, you go through The World being othered. You know what I'm saying? Like it was, I was also talking about how people would oftentimes like, play a game trying to, trying to tell 'em apart, you know, and like how, and how dehumanizing that is for them.


You know what I'm saying? It's something that they eventually get used to. But you know, like they work with Mike. It, it really helped me work with, work with who these, with who these's characters are, you know, what Emini here, you know what Emini here And I got to know my friends better, bro. You know, I, I'm not been, I know I've been going for a while, but one funny thing I I realized with them, and I've been knowing him for, you know, for over a decade talking about knowing Logan. Knowing Logan. Yeah. Yeah. I've been knowing him for over a decade. And I had 'em come over to my house in the, in the bay just to kind of work through some stuff before, before they sat down with Mike. And I never forget this. Like they, they, they came and sat down on my couch and they sit side, they sit side by side. You know what Emini here, they completely identical. Right. You know, that's just about identical twins who roll around. A lot of times they'll, they'll be, they'll be like, they'll be like touching each other.


And I'm looking And I say, Hey man, I noticed y'all like, y'all like touching each other. Y'all close enough to each other to touch. And they like, yeah. And I'm like, when y'all, when y'all sit side by side like that, is that for me or is that for y'all? And they say it's for you. Right? I'm like, and I'm like, so y'all don't need to be next to each other. It is like, nah. They was like, but it freaks people out when we not. Wow. You know? And I, you know, 'cause because because, you know, so we, so it's like a thing like how you, how when, you know, in old school, when you shake hands, you show both hands. That's how they, that's how they approach The World. And they say, as soon as we have a problem with somebody, like if, if we feel like if we feel under threat or something, like your physical, the first thing they do is split up. Wow. So that you can't, so that you have to turn your head to see the other one.


So I was like, Hey, have y'all ever had a, like, have y'all ever had a one-on-one? And they said only with each other. Wow. So, so for like, for like whole life. But they been jumping people, you know what Emini here know what I'm saying? It was straight up. Like, that's What I'm, I have A question. I have a question about the movie. Just hearing you say that. And I don't know if maybe I might be digging too deep, but tell me if this is a thing. The first time we see Michael B Jordan in the, the roll, they're side by side. Yep. And then the first time we see one of the twins, I think is smoke, have an issue where he, with the, the men in the back of the truck, he by himself. Yep. Is that from that like that? Yeah. Yeah. So So you be really doing this thing What you mean? Like, because just hearing the back, like the inspiration. Yeah. I can you the detail? Yes. Like that conversation.


'cause I have friends that are twins too, And I never thought about that. Well, yeah. Like, like, like, so, so that, that's, that's the other thing we learned about, about, about these symbiotic relationships is like when you get them by themselves, the individual, the individual differences come out and become more prevalent. Become more prevalent. And, and, and, and the thing with smoking stack is the whole dynamic. I don't wanna ruin the movie man. Probably comes out April 18. Yeah. Too Much. But, but the dy the dynamic between them is, is, is one is is inherently more violent and more practical. The other one, the other one is, is a, is a, is a kinder person. You know what I'm saying? So the situation, she's talking about smoke's by himself and catches somebody trying to steal from him.


You know what I'm saying? And stack's not there to be like, Hey, let him ride. You know what, you know what, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, but, but stack also needs, you know what I'm saying, needs smoke because he's too lax. You know what, Emini here too, and too, and too calm. So you see that, you know, you see the, the, the, the, the, the issues that are arise with that. When they split up for about, you know, 20, 25 minutes in the movie, What made you wanna do this movie? Was it the complexity of what you're talking about? Or was it, what, what caught you with this movie? There's some family ties, right? Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. So, so man, I can talk about all of it here. It's the best, it's the best place to talk about, man. Thank y'all. Thank y'all for inviting me. 'cause y'all, y'all are, get all of this. So, so look, I had an uncle named Uncle James Edmondson, and he was, he was, he was, he was born and raised in Mississippi, but then, but then fled to, to Oakland when he was like in his twenties, you know, so, so, so, you know, that's where I was born.


And we probably like the second wave of a great migration. Right. You know, and, and, and he was the, he was basically like the oldest member of my family for, for all this male member of my family for a long time. And, and, and my parents couldn't afford to buy a house in Oakland. We ended up moving to Richmond, which is, you know, essentially like, like Newark would be here, here, here in New York, right. If Oakland was Brooklyn. And, and, and, and shortly after we moved, my uncle James and his family moved. They was like down the block from me, you know, so I would go spend time with him when I went to get out the house, I could walk to his house and all he would do when he was off from work is he would listen to, to, to either watch it San Francisco Giants game on tv or he would listen to it on the radio.


If it wasn't televised. He would drink all Taylor whiskey and play blues records on vinyl. You know what I'm saying? And, and I came to associate that music with him. I didn't think about the, the, the music, you know, for me, for me it was, it was, you know what I'm saying? It was, it was rapping r and b. Right. But, but in 2015 he ended up, he ended up passing away and, and, and he, and he and he, he got sick while I was making Creed. So I was like, I was, I was, I was in Philly for, for most of the time while he was sick. Then I had to go to la you know what I'm saying? And, and do post-production. And I got the call that he died while I was like, I don't know, like picture locking or something. And I felt like, shit, bro, can I cuss on this? Yeah, of course. Yeah. I, I felt like shit, bro.


I, I remember being in the, in the hallway with my wife who, who, who, who, who, who produced this movie centers and just, and just feeling like, just feeling like, bro, what the fuck am I doing, man? I'm not, I'm not at home with my, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, I'm like, I'm like in a hallway in, in the middle of LA in some, some dirty production facility. You know what? I know what I know what I'm saying. And, And I, And I, I met at home for the funeral, but I never reckoned with that, that, that, that feeling of, of of, of not being there with somebody who was so important to me. Mm. And and so I would find myself, when I was thinking about him playing like all blues records, you feel me? Like, And I, and, and when I would listen to him, it was like, if I close my eyes, like he was there with me. You know what, you know what I'm saying? Like the power of the, the power of music to be able to do that.


Right? And, and, and so, so you got that. There was another element to it. So I've been making films based on other things. Basically my whole, my whole career, right? Like, like my first feature film was Fruitville Fruitville Station. And I was based on a real, like a real thing that happened, you know what I'm saying? Where, where I'm from after. Right. And it's, it's only, you know, it's only, it's only so many ways you tell that story. And I was trying to tell it the way that, that, that, that, that had the most integrity for where I'm from and for his, for his family and for who that who that who that young man was, who was murdered by, by, by that, by that police officer, bro.


Right? And, and, and, and then I, then I was fortunate up to make the, make, make, make a movie movie in the Rocky, in the Rocky Universe. Right. You know what I'm saying? A movie about Paulo Cree's son. And, And I got hired for the Black Panther movies. You know what I'm saying? You know, so these all stuff based on other things. So, so I'm, I'm on Panther two and it's, it is taken a long time. We had a lot of experience, a lot of, a lot of tragedy, a lot of misfortune. It's a lot of shit that, that wasn't just us by the way. It was during the, the, the global pandemic, you know what I'm saying? And, and, you know, tragedy lost our actor rest. Yeah. Rest in peace. So I had to re I had to re-figure that out, you know what I'm saying?


And, and, and keep it together with everybody who was in, who was involved, still wanted to, still wanted to make something in, in, in our lead actress, lovely Leticia Wright was, was injured on, on, on set. Had to, had to shut down for that. Omicron shut us down. And, and, you know, in Atlanta ended up being like a four year movie, bro. Wow. And, And I remember we was going through the, maybe the worst of it, man. And, and, and what would get me through, you know, Sean, while I was, while I was out there, was listening to, was listening to some of my favorite artists, bro. And I was listening to a lot of Nip Rest in Peace. I was listening to a lot of dol. Right. Rest in Peace. Peace. Look when I was listening to Do, bro, it wasn't rest in peace yet, bro. Oh, it wasn't rest in peace yet.


And, and I'll never forget, bro. I think it was, I think it was November 17th, 2021. I'm in Byron, Georgia, bro, And I see my first cotton field bro rash in my life. Wow. We rock, we riding And I, And I, And I saw it And I talked the driver, a man pull over, you know what I'm saying? Bounced out. I never, I had never seen one before. You know what, you know what? Emini here, you driver white. Nah, hell nah. Show. Because he probably was like, yes. Finally. I trying to get them back here. Nah, hell nah, bro. What was our driver name? Baby Craig. Oh, right. For Panther? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He was shout off to Craig, man, black man from Craig from New York.


Yeah. Craig from New York. Okay. Yeah. Black man from New York. But shit, we was in, we was in, you know, we working outta Atlanta, right? Like, it's right where I was making that movies and brought, brought I in Byron down show, bro. And, And I, And I, And I go, I go, I go. I literally like went, went into the field just to, just to see it, bro. I, I was having like a crazy ass, you know, you know what I'm saying? Moment like, like what that felt


like. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate.


Now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift and power and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand Up to All Hate on Instagram.


And TikTok at


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters In Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay never Keep it on Honey, bro. I couldn't, I couldn't describe it. I couldn't describe it bro. Because, because like, I felt guilty. I I I felt like, you know, I've been on this show bro, talking about going to Africa, you know what I'm saying? And I wanted to get type in with my ancestors and, and, and, and, and, but that was my ancestors. 400 years removed. This is my ancestors. Hundred years removed. Hadn't hadn't been there, hadn't seen it. You know, you, you know what I'm saying? So it was, it was like an overwhelming sense of guilt. More, more, more than anything. Right. And, And I took something, you know, and I believe that day I was, when when I heard he, he was murdered.


Do Wow. Wow. You know? And I, And I was, I had never met this dude. I had never met Nick, you know what I'm saying? But, but, but I felt like brother, both of them. But I felt like I knew him. You know what, you know what I'm saying? Like from the, from the, from the music and, and, And I remember being like, man, fuck this. Like, 'cause 'cause you gotta keep in mind, I was in the Bay, bro, going to football practice with my homies. We heard Pac died and we were see Pac, you know what, you know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? Like, it shut the whole foot, it shut our whole football practice down. The mamas was crying, the coaches was crying. And I'm like, I'm like, bro, as a fan of this, his music, bro, bro, it's been a lifetime of this shit, bro. Like, like, like being in, being in Philly on Creed and hearing that that, that the Jack of Rest in peace got killed.


You know what I'm saying? Or that kick the sneak got shot in the back. He paralyzed now. Like, I'm like, you know, my homies out that, that came up and was rapping. He, I never heard of you feel me? That, that, and I'm like, man, I'm like, bro, I can't listen to this music right now, bro. I can't. I gotta take a break, you feel me? And I remember venting to my producer who's from Central California, he from Clovis Black man, but from a different culture there. And, And I say man, I say, bro, what kind of music is there, bro? Where the artist talks about how to navigate, where they from, how to escape all the demons they dealing with, man, they succeed. Get to their thirties and still fall victim to this shit, bro.


What music exists like this? I was, I was saying it like, like he, he, he looked at me, he a smart dude, not more. He looked at me, bro. And like, and like in a real empathetic way, considered it. And he was like, he was like, man, my favorite music like that. And I said, what music that he said, man, grunge music. I said, huh Mm. He said, yeah man. He like, he like, we just lost Chris Cornell, bro. He was in his fifties. Yeah. They overdosed a lot. Shit. Yeah. He was like, he's like, all their music is about struggling with, you know what I'm saying? Struggling with that demons depression and, and trying to kick dope. You know what, Emini here. And they end up, you know, they get, get all the money in The World staying up, dying in hotel rooms, you know. I said, I said, damn, you know, and, and what's crazy is in the Bay, our biggest radio station 1 0 6 0.1 k yell, and the only rock song I ever played on that station bro coming up was Nirvana with smell like Teen Spirit.


So I was like, man, let me dig into this grunge music, bro. I'm, I'm, I'ma take a break from, you know what I'm saying? From rap, I'm listening to some grunge. And I started listening to it, bro. And I was like, man, this shit sound like what my uncle used to play. Mm. Like I, I I I was, I was listening to, I was listen to the Jazz used to play. No, the Blues. Oh, the Blues, okay. Like, it's literally like I'm listening to it. I'm listening to the guitar riffs and, and like what they talking about and, and, and like, like the passion they seeing with, and, and I'm like, that's odd man. I dug into the research man and that's exactly what it is. Mm. You know what I'm saying? It's just, it's just, it just blows me the sung by white people. You know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? And that, that was when I was like, and this is, it is just like within the same 24 hours.


You know what I know what I'm saying. Thought was that was when I was, that's when I was like, man, sharecropping blues, the evolution of it, the, the, the, the the racist origins of genre as a concept. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm like, I think it's a movie in this, you know, And I, And I'm just a big horror movie fan, bro. I, I like, I like, I like horror and all his fashions and nobody really knew that about me. You know what I'm saying? Just 'cause of the movies that I, that I made. So I put that with it too. And, and you know, and this, this is how he got, how he got Sinners, if that makes sense. Goodness. I wanna say rest in peace to Nip. 'cause we just, the, it was the sixth year anniversary of his passing. Yeah. Like last week.


And I also wanna say rest in peace to dol. There's something going on with DOL energetically. I don't know what it is. 'cause I've been listening to Young Dolph a lot in the past 48 hours. Yeah. And I've been saying, And I miss Dolphin. I've been telling my, my my wife and my, my my my cousin who's my trainer. Yeah. I'm like, y'all want some new DOL music? And I don't know why I've been saying that the last 48, I can show you my playlist, I'll show you mine and how much dol I've been looking to The last 48 hours. So Nah, he got me through. Yeah. Rest in peace the Dog. Look, look, look bro, like Nip, I just, I just talk, I just talked to, I just talked, I just talked to Black Sham the other day. But, but N Nip rest in peace, bro. He man, me, me and my wife was just going through a tough time, bro. When, when we released Panther One and like the whole, the whole, it was a really, it was really a a a odd experience.


'cause 'cause from the outside end we was on top, we was on top of The World, right. And we was in a certain extent, but, but personally, we was going through some shit. Mm. And I, And I, And I, bro, I'll never, bro, I'll never forget bro, shit was so heavy that, that, that, that, you know, we normally fly, you know, the bay, the bay of la like a, like a, you know, it's an hour flight, you feel me? But I was like, I was like, man, let, let's rent a car and let's drive up to Highway One because we all our whole lives, we been hearing about how beautiful Highway one is. So let's rent a car, let's drive up Highway one. See this coast, everybody been talking about our whole lives, you feel me? And, and, and she was like, she was like, all right, bet. So we put all our, you know, finish the movie, we put all our, we went to Ava DuVernay wrinkling time screening because because that's our, that's our sister, you feel me?


Knocked that out. And then we was like, let's get back to the cribs. So we up the coast, bro and Victory Eli. Ooh, Whole ride. Whole ride it, turn off man. Spin it back. Right? And, and, And I, And I always associate him with the feeling of, of healing that album, that album brought us in that time. You know what you what I'm saying? And, and, and, and, and, and my association with him was one of my best friends was down from, from, he did, he did roughly 10 years. But he went in when I was in, when I was, when I was in film school, came out the year after the, the, the year Black Panther came out. You know what I'm saying?


And I stay tapped in with him, you know, money on his books, you know, and they would transferring him all over, all over the country, you know what I'm saying? And every time he transferred him, bro, he was like, bro, I need all my nip albums, bro. I need, I need, I need a more, so I got to re I had to rebuy marathon, I had to find him. And I gotta, And I gotta find it on the, you know, on the prison system, you know, you know what I'm saying? And, and, and you know, nip got him through, you know, his incarceration, you feel me? So yeah, bro. Like when, when, when, you know, and when you listening to somebody, you feel like you know 'em, bro, you know, it's just a different type of, y'all do radio, right? People probably listen to y'all every morning and think y'all they best friends. You know, you know what I'm saying? It's that, it's that type of, it's that type of get down man.


And, And I, I showed up the movie to another, to another filmmaker with homie homie Matic, who's from la you know, did the, did the house party film and, and did the white man K jump sequel and, and a magazine. Mu music video director just did the, just did the squabble up video, right. Show, show them Sinners. First thing you say to me, man, you said seeing them two dudes, that it felt like, it felt like, it felt like nipping sha you know what I'm saying? And I wasn't, I wasn't even thinking about, I wasn't even thinking about, see that the fact that these two, you know what I'm saying? These two, these two brothers like, Hey bro, we gonna get it. You know, you know what I'm saying? Like, like when he said that to me, bro, that shit hit me on a different, you know what I'm saying? A different level. Because I was like, okay, yeah, I'm okay.


Maybe my, my, my cinematic language is getting to, is getting to where it need to be. Because, because I, I'm, I'm putting things in, I'm feeling that I'm maybe not even thinking about, you know, you know what I'm saying? And that's crazy because when they talk about Sinners, they talk about how you are your genre blending, right? They call it horror drama and everything else. But you gotta put hip hop in there too. Oh, it's all over there. When You'all see the movie, it, It felt like even in the way that the Smoke and his, what's his brother's name, smoke and his brother stack stack smoke and stack even the way that they like maneuver and the way that they move. Like even it's small stuff in there. And you, I'm hearing you say that it wasn't even purposely, I, I guess, but even the way he pulls out his gun and stuff like that, it's like, it's so much to it. And when, when I was watching the parts that I did see of it, I was just sitting here thinking like, wow, like I wonder how many times you sit and watch it and you catch something different every single time because it's Yeah.


It's like layered. And I think some of it is not on purpose. Like, does that happen to you still? Yeah. Yeah. I, I I, I oftentimes catch things, but this movie especially 'cause it was so personal, you know what I'm saying? And I, And I would become a more experienced filmmaker. You know what I'm, you know what Emini here and I'd be like, oh, oh, I was doing that And I didn't, you know, I didn't realize it. And, and the other thing that happens, man, when you, when you work on on, 'cause our, our art form is, is, is is it's a tricky one, right? Like, you know, for instance, the, the, the, the, the young great legend Rod Wave watched the movie and then went and knocked out a song for us in a day inspired by, inspired by the film.


And since this a song, I'm like, yo, this shit's done. You know, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like, like, you know, like, like I, I got, there's nothing we can, there's nothing else we can do, do fish. We can't touch it. Took him, took him a night, you know? But we working the years, right? And, and, and what's what's crazy is, you know, I you not even the same person in four months, you know what I'm saying? Like, I, I, I, I've, I've written a screenplay and then got to like, the last day of shooting, I'm looking at the script like, what the fuck was I, like, who wrote this? You know what I'm saying? I often, I often I say that like, man, what was I thinking? You know? You know, and, and, and, and, and I'm, I'm trying to get back into my own head from, from, you know what I'm saying? From, from time past and, and you know, we, you know, we edit in the film and, and mixing the sound.


And sometimes I'll be like, oh, that's what I meant. You know, you know what I, you know what I'm saying? Oh, like that's what this is. You feel me? But I still, I still, I still see things, man. And, and, and 'cause it's not because this, and this wasn't based on anything like direct. So I was, so you pull from yourself, you know what I, you know what I'm saying? So I see a lot of, a lot of myself in it. I Had to Google that when I was watching it. Like, is this based on a true story? 'cause it felt so, but you, the opening scene too, the, it's the center of the opening scene is the black church. Yeah. And it was such a powerful scene. And then you backtrack into like a completely different version of that character. Can you talk about the choice to, I, I don't wanna give it away, but like, that's what I thought that that was like really powerful the way that you did it. I talk about that easy work. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


So, so when I was doing, I did a lot of research on, on, on a movie. The two, the two, like the big work research work horses for, for me were, were were two books. Laroy Jones' Blues People, Laroy Jones would later change his name to Amir Baraka. But when you find that, when you looking for that text, it'll, it'll be, 'cause when we published it, it was Leroy Jones. It'll, it'll generally be published under that. That's a black man, black intellectual talking about the blues culture. And then, and then there's another book called Deep Blues by, by a mu, a musicologist named Robert Palmer, A White dude, you know what I'm saying? Talking, talking about, talking about blues music.


Both incredible books, man. But, but in researching all books and learning about the, the, the great Delta Blues musicians, you know, and, and, and it started with a guy named Charlie Patton, essentially. And, and it, and it started on Dr the Dockery Farms plantation in Mississippi is, is is, you know, is where they kind of, where they feel like the first true Delta blue song as his known was played, right? But in his, in his lineage, there, there comes Tommy Johnson, who was the first dude to run around and Shaheed saw this song to the devil to learn how to play you. It was Robert Johnson, who was the more known dudes to, to kinda say he saw this song to the Devil to play. I remember those story.


Yeah. Yeah. And in between there, there's a dude named Son House who essentially outlived all those guys. And what you learn is almost every single last one of these dudes not only came out of the church, but they daddies was preachers. It was like, almost, it was like almost constant. You know what Emini here? And, and, and, and what I realized is I'm like, oh, like the, the, the, the, the like the African orator, you know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? Like, like that's a, that's a, that's a long line from the, from the, from the gr from the Grio or the gr you know what I'm saying? To, to, you know, to ride wave today, you know what, you know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? And, and like that it's all versions of the same thing.


The preacher at the pulpit, you know what I'm saying? And you know, the, the, the, the musicality of, of the black preacher, you know, most known, most known with Martin Luther King Jr. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, like, like, you know, the, the, the, ah, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like, like the, the animation, you feel me, that that's all from the continent. But it was deeply, it was deeply refined in the, in the, you know what I'm saying, in the American South, you know what Emini here, and, and, and, you know, the best blues musicians basically came out, came outta the church and the blues was known as the Devil's music. You know what I'm saying? It was, it was a huge dichotomy. Like, like, you know, a lot of, a lot of anxiety and, and and judgment out of that and a lot of guilt, you know what I'm saying?


Like, these dudes will be huge substance abusers and sub son house will basically go like, he'll, he'll basically go like five years drinking and playing blues music five years sober and preaching five years, drinking and playing blues music 10 years sober. And now he got his own church. You know, you know what I'm saying? It was, it was that kind of cycle. So that's, that's why we started it like that. You know, they say you gotta go at nine 50, but I got three questions I gotta gotta Ask you. Is it nine 50? Yeah. P Like two minutes. Okay. Different energy brings different things outta people. What did Chadwick Boseman bring outta you that Michael B Jordan does? Man. So, so, so That's a fucking fantastic question, bro. It's a fantastic question because I just had to bro doing this press tour, you know?


'cause, 'cause outta all of my actors, bro, outta all of my actors, Chaz's death actually hit Mike the hardest. You know? And, and, and, And I, And I And I, I, I never had to talk about that, but we were doing, we were doing press to together now. And look man, Chad was older than us, bro. Like, like, he was quite a bit older than us. Even though he looked like he was the same age, he was not, you know what I'm saying? I was a fully baked man from the south, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like, he was a old school. He was a old school man's man. And, and, and compared to that dude when we worked together, bro, me and Mike was kids. You know what, you know what I'm saying? And, and, and what Chad taught me, bro, Emini here, he changed my life, bro.


You know what I'm saying? But, but, but he, he was, he was the kind of teacher who, who you never knew you was getting a lesson when he taught, you know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? It was, it was all, it was all by, all by example. You know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? And, and what he, what he, what he gave me and Michael was patience, you know? Mm. He, he, he moved, he moved at an old school pace. And, and, and he, he, he took his time. He was always early, you know what I'm saying? He was that type of, he was that type of dude, bro. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and, And I think that, you know, I don't think Mike, I don't think Mike would, would be, look man, I told him, Mike, Mike and Mike will tell you this.


I told him, man, I said, Hey bro, what would Chad do? Mm. You know what I'm saying? In this, in this role, if he had this role, what would he do? You know, because Chad never broke action. You know what I'm saying? He was talking in an African accent, bro, you putting me up meeting for dinner at nine o'clock. I remember the Disney executives came, came and seen us on Panther, like week two. And he pulled up and it was, it was, it was Charlie's accent. Hey man, what's going on? They was freaked out. And I was like, don't be freaked out. He working, man. That's how he, he don't turn it off till we rap. You know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? And, and, and, and, and no shame or embarrassment in that. But that's how he was, that's how he was moving. You know what I, you know what I'm saying? And, and, and for Mike to see that, to see that up close, to have to do scenes across from that.


And then for me to be able to say that to him, you know what I'm saying? Like, like, like that he's transitioning to become an ancestor and say, Hey bro, what the, what would, what the, what would the big homie do? You know, you know what I'm saying? Like, boom, lock in. You know what I'm saying? And look, bro, like, like the, the, the, the, the difference is man, look, man won't never be another Chad, bro. You feel me? Like, like wow. So, so that, so that's the difference. It's like, it's like asking somebody, Hey bro, what was it like to suit up across from, from, from Mike Jordan? You know what I'm saying? You know, like, like, you know, it made you a better hooper. I bet. You know, you know what I'm saying? Like, like, and, and you know, and that's what it was. You know what? Emini here, Emini Here got no one. You know they gotta go. Yeah. Do you, Hey, I don't know where I wanna go. Do, do you, do you, you gotta come back right there.


It's so much I don long as y'all have me, I just want, so I just want something to, to, to chill, man. I wanna tell people go see the movie in theater, bro. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Sin Eight. I guess I'll stay on chat with just a little bit. 'cause I recently saw a video where Denzel was speaking about his first time seeing Black Panther. Yeah. And he said it made him feel like he could pass the torch because of you, because of Mike. It, It was so much deeper than that. It was so much deeper than Denzel I ever shot. 'cause he's humble. Look Man Chi was at Howard University, bro. And, and he, he was maybe the fucking most brilliant actor that ever come through there, bro. And Felicia Rasha knew it. And he was there to be a filmmaker. And Felicia Rasha wanted to send him to England. Where they, where they, you know, where they really do it.


It'd be the, it'd be the equivalent of a hooper in, in it, it is Victor win Yma. Right? You in Paris, bro. We finna send you to go hooper LeBron, we finna send you to the station, you know what I'm saying? And go and go really 82 game season against where, where basketball is life. You know what I'm saying? And in the UK acting is life. You know what I'm saying? Like that's where, that's where it's at. Right? Felicia was like, I wanna get you to Oxford. I wanna get you on stage in, in, in London. Shot from Anderson, South Carolina. Right. Felicia, like, man, don't worry, I'm gonna find somebody to take care of you. Goes to Denzel. Denzel says, I wanna, I wanna take care of it for the kid, but I don't want, I don't want them to know it's me And I don't wanna know nothing about it.


Wow. Wow. Right. Felicia said, Hey, we got a donor for you. Says about to Oxford. He goes and shuts the shit down, comes back Chadwick Boseman. Right. You know what I'm saying? Later on in his career, Felicia puts him to the side and said, Hey man, I was Denzel that paid for that. Wow. Wow. Chadwick sees Denzel in passion for years and years and years and years and years. It's the patience I'm talking about knew it wasn't time to him yet. Right. We premier in la Premier in New York.


Denzel said, I can pull up. He was doing Broadway. I think he was doing the Iceman coming or something. He said, I can pull up. I said, all right, bet. I tell my actors, I said, Hey, Denzel coming tonight. Try to immediately pull me to the side. I said, I gotta talk to him before, before, before they go in and watch. And I said, what's going on? He whispered me, my ear, bro. I got, I gotta thank him for something. You know what I'm saying? So Denzel, pull up, man. He, he don't, Denzel don't like to be, he, he's not a Hollywood person crazy enough. He wanted to come in through the back door. He don't wanna do the carpet. You know what Emini here, he dresses very down. And so I grabbed him. I said, man, somebody wanna talk to you. Put him to the side. My wife was there. It was, it was, it was, it was, it was me, ZZI and Denzel and Chad in in the room. In, in, in, in a DJ GI theater in, in, in, in New York.


Right here in Manhattan. And Denzel pulled up And I was like, Hey man, what's going on? You know? And, and, and Chad, Chad whispered in his fucking ear and shit, bro, I was me and thanked him, bro. That's why Denzel was crying, you know what I'm saying? When he watched the movie, like, it was because of that. And, and for me, I don I don't think it's gonna drop. I think I got it. You Got it. Look, I One too. I, I'm, I ain't a real story. So, so, so that's the look, man. Do you know how many actors, bro, as soon as they would've got on, they would've went on the show and said, yeah man, Denzel pay for me to go to Oxford.


Do you know how many articles they would've got out of that? Yeah. 42 press round. I'm Jackie Robinson. Oh yeah, man, by the way, Denzel pay for me to Nah. Talking to his, talking to his. That's real. That's why, that's why it's almost impossible for you to even think about recasting a job. Yeah, No, nah. It's, it's, it's, it's not, it's not, it's not Emini here. It's, it's, But with the multiverse, it makes it a little Emini Here. We, we talk, we talk, we talk about that next time. Well, can I ask one more question about sentence? Yeah. And it's really about Mike. 'cause the relationship you and Mike have, I think does not get enough credit. I really, really don't like y'all are unity and group operation personified.


Yeah. Did y'all have a symbiotic relationship or did it, was it, was it immediate or did, did it develop over time? It, It, it developed bro. Like, like I I I, I liken it to, I liken it to a, a quarterback and a, and a and a, you know, in a whiteout, you know what I'm saying? Like, I play, I play receiver in, in, in, in, in, in college football. And, And I, it, it, it's like that, like it gets to the point where, you know, we got a shorthand and we hold each other accountable. We also push each other. Like, we not trying to do the same thing we did before. You know what, Emini here, we not, we not gonna show up and, and, and go through the motions. We trying to show up and, and, and, and, and get bigger and better each time.


But the thing about, but brother, keep it up honey man. The thing I love emotional about Mike is his kindness, bro. Like, like, like he, he's, he's, he's the number one on the call sheet. Big old giant fucking movie star. He's incredibly kind to everybody on set focus knows the ad's, name, knows the PA's name. Don't come on the set. Hey, don't look me in the eye. You know what I'm saying? Never raise good voice to anybody. You know what I, you know what? Emini here. And, and he works his ass off. So, so it, it sets a tone for everybody that you gonna be respectful, you respectful to the, to the pa up top to the producer. We gonna respect women. You know what I'm saying? Like, we going, we, we gonna be, we gonna be kind. You know what Emini here we going. Because on a film set can get, can get gnarly. You know what Emini here, if you, if you don't, you know, if you don't set the right tone, right.


So, so for me, I'm always, he always gonna have a job. I'm making something. You know what? Emini here and he A good person. Even when you see him in his element, he'll take pictures with kids. He'll stop to take pictures to speak to older people. Especially when he, in Jersey, it's 10 times worse. Yeah. We gonna be out in Newark tonight for a screening. Yeah. Yeah. So he's like really like that. Yeah. Besides, he just don't like Charlamagne. But besides that, what, That's Not true. Charlemagne always messing him about the type of women. He like that Man, that mean the mike. Good. Cut it out. He Don't like Charmagne, but About This nice fullness of emotion and, and here you Come so dark. That's, He's a good Element. Good. I just messed with him a couple times about the white women he was dating. I'll stay away from him. Oh, That's crazy. He make, don't let Dr. Ammar down.


That's all. Nothing crazy. He Sitting up. Well, nah, he's a good, he's a good One. Last thing I promise you. One last thing. You said that three times ago. Okay. How, how do you accept an apology from Denzel Washington? Because he said he apologized to you. Like you, you, that's, he that's the, that's the og. Like do you even accept like nah, he, he do Even get mad at him. Yeah. No Man. Nah man. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm blessed to have him in my life, bro. Like, straight up man. And, And I, and, and I'm blessed through, through, through having him, I get Pauletta, who he was a bigger blessing. You know what I'm saying? Who I just seen. Who I just seen last night. Yeah, man. He, he, he, he ain't a, I don no apology, bro.


Him, him, him, him saying that we gonna work together. Apologize for that. Yeah. It's crazy. That's what I'm saying. That's what, when he called you, he was just like, he was, He was he more than, more than any. He was like, Hey bro, did I say too much? Mm. Like it wasn't all, it wasn't, you know, I say too much man. I, I ain't mean to make it hard. I'm like, nah, you, you, you good, you good Then. I was just happy to hear from you man. Alright. You FaceTime me in the whole hype, you know what Emini here. Like, like, but it's just, just a, I'm, I'm, I'm blessed bro to be able to, to be able to, you know, to have these, these, these, these mentors bro. Like, like I feel like God looks after me bro. And I, when I lose one, I gain one. You know what, you know what I'm saying? And, and you know, I started off talking about this losing my uncle. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I'm the oldest of three brothers. I've been looking for Big brothers my whole life, you know what I'm saying?


And, and when I gain, you know, what Emini here, like, like people who can, who can give me any type of mentorship or, or, or vice and, and you know, it's, it's the most incredible blessing. So he don't, you know, he don't owe no apologies, man. And, and I think more than anything he just, he just wanted to make sure that he ain't, he ain't speak outta school with how, how intense all of the, all of the comic book stuff can get. You know what I'm saying? We Need you Ryan Emini here, you know, with the way they trying to erase our history out here. We need brothers like you that, that represent, you know, black culture Man. And tell black stories. Man. I, I need y'all bro. I got, I need y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all work ethic in the, in the, in the relationship. Y'all done built up with the audiences, you know what I'm saying? The trust. So I could tell 'em, go see Sinners. That's right.


April 18th, go see the imax. 'cause that's how we shot it on film, on big giant IMAX cameras and, and super wide ultra pan vision 70 millimeter for the first time. You know, and you gonna see, you gonna see people of all shades and colors on the, on the screen, on the movie, a rollercoaster ride. A motion plays like a rock con shirt. You know what I'm saying? And, and because of the work that y'all do, you feel me? We able to, we able to come and tell people about, you know what we got going on man, we need each other. You feel me? Absolutely. Yeah. Definitely. Go check it out. April 18th. Sins. Ladies and gentlemen, Ryan Kler, thank you for joining us, man. Thank y'all bro. And don't be a stranger you in town.


Come on up here. Better it up. All right, Better it up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neva.


Top reasons technology pros wanna move to Ohio. A thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects, and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you. And since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com.