
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long LA filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. My New Book is out right now. I live to tell a story, A memoir of love, legacy, and resilience. Ladies and gentlemen, Tamika Mallory, welcome back. What's Going on family? How you feeling? It's good to see y'all. I'm good. I'm feeling excited. Yeah. Pump up. Yeah. Another Show. Another book Today. Today came out the, today I live to today's story. Yep. Her Memoir. Yes. And thank you my brother. Thank you. Because you know, Charlemagne And I as family made some decisions about my book deal.


I called him to say, Hey, I don't know, am I supposed to, it was during the summer. No, it was 2021. I don't know. Covid 20. It was 2020. Right. Because the book was released in 2021. So, you know, I called him to be like, Hey, they're offering me a lot of money, but there's a lot of people offering me different deals. What should I do? So he is like, well you know, I have a new imprint and you know, if you wanna be my first book, I'm down to do a deal with you. And I was like, oh, I didn't even need to hear the rest of it. I just said Yes. And, and I'm excited. I'm glad that I did. I had a lot of creative control here. I will text you and say they're not listening to me. Tell 'em something, you know.


But it worked out. The whole team has put a lot of love and energy in these both books. But this one right here is real special to me. What's The difference in mindsets when it comes to a memoir? 'cause I love to tell the story as a memoir. State of emergency wasn't a memoir. What's the difference between the two? Yeah. State of emergency was more so my theory of change for America, it was really a prescription for what I think we need to do as a country. And especially how people can be not just allies of ours, but really accomplices. Like, throw down with us, get yourself in trouble if you really stand with black people. But this book is a prescription for me. And hopefully what comes out of it is that somebody else will read the book and say, wow, I have, I've had some of the same challenges or I was thinking of going down the same path, but I see something different that I could do.


And I know there's a lot of people out here, especially young girls, who need somebody to tell them that their mistakes are not the end of life. You know? 'cause everybody gonna tell you, oh you, you know, you too fast, you too loud. You talk too much. That's what, that's the black girl experience. I'm sure, you know, we talk all the time, but, you know, but, but I think what you now see is that people pay me to talk. Right. So I went from being told that I needed to be quiet to people saying, Hey, speak up, you know, and speak up for me. So I'm hoping that it translates in that way. And in fact, a lot of people got preco and, you know, all the things that happens in the publishing world. And I've already been hearing from people and I'm on my third tour date, pre-release, well now release.


But the folks who are meeting me and saying, Hey, you touched me in so many ways just because you, you were honest about things we try to hide. That has been really powerful. Yeah. What was the decision to do? 'cause the front of the book, there's the braids on one side and the back of the book, it's the ooh, full blown 30 inch bust down. Exactly. What, what, what Was that decision? What was the sauce At the, under the wig braids too. Yes. So yeah, so I, I came up with that. My mother kept saying, your first book was really good And I loved it, but your picture needs to be on it. And I was like, mom, my memoir is going to have a picture. And I was tossing and turning with how to represent myself properly, what the, the cornrows people know me for.


Especially if you met me after George Floyd passed away because of, or was killed because of the viral speech in Minneapolis. You probably met the Cornrow girl. 'cause that was all we had. And especially during the pandemic, I could only get some cornrows from my home girl who does my hair, who's who was braiding. But we weren't like weaving and doing all of that, spending eight hours in the salon. So I was out in the summer, in the summertime in Kentucky. It was hot. Everything was closed down. The cornrows worked. And a lot of people met me that way. And that's me. I'm, I'm on the ground. I love my cornrows.


You see, I've decided to keep this look even during this release. But that's just, that's not, I'm not one dimensional. Right. My bust down is another part of my life. I like to be a girly girl. And so I've struggled with how to do both things. Could I put two pictures? Would it have been too much? And then I just came up with this idea that I wanted to half do and everybody thought I was absolutely crazy until they designed it and came back and said, you know what? This might actually work. And the other thing that people don't really see and well, you know, I pointed out all the time is that the housing projects I was born and raised in is in the background of the book.


So you can see the buildings literally where I grew up. And it's, it's, it's really, this cover is more than a just a cover. It's like telling you a story about what's in the book and what's in my life. Is That what you find your voice in in those housing Projects? Absolutely. 'cause you know, in the book there's a part where it talks about me running around the house as a little kid saying power to the people. Power to the people. And everybody in my house will like, okay, we get it power to the people, but we tied go to sleep. My parents have always been super duper black. They wear dashiki, sweatsuits, you know, they like that black KO's black. And you know, we, they always took me to places and spaces where I was empowered.


Even as a young kid, you know, you take your kids places and don't think they're paying attention. But it was getting in me from young. So it translated into, you know, where I am today. And it's been all throughout my life. What I have learned is when and where to speak. I've learned to be more mindful and careful about what I say, you know, and where I say it. But when I was young, I just was like, I'm gonna say anything. 'cause y'all said power to the people. Right? So, hey, you feel Like you gotta go to the extreme? Ooh, that's a good point. 'cause I like, you know, they always say the opposite of courage is not cowardice is conformity. Mm. So you think that's conforming? Well, I don't think I was conforming, I think, or now I don't think I'm conforming, but I'm just wiser, you know?


And I also have learned to protect my peace. So I don't wanna get in every fight. I don't wanna argue all the time. I used to do that. I used to spend my whole day going back and forth with people. And then I realized that I was not necessarily being as effective in my own life because my time was spent debating with people who, that's what they do. You know what Emini here, that's all they do. I got all these other things. I run businesses, I run an organization, I have all this stuff going on And I'm sitting up here just in every argument all the time. So I just decided to make my voice mean more by using it at the appropriate time. So I wouldn't say it's conformity, but it certainly is wisdom.


Do you Remember what point in your life that was when you decided to do that? Because yeah, you have a lot of the battles. You, what was that point in your life? Well, stop arguing with him all the time. Oh, that was one. That's where it first started. I don't argue. I just got out. Look, I just stopped because Between him and Tez, I be Like, bruh, him and That, you know that right? I, me and Ted argue We can stay on a text thread for three days fighting about the same thing. So I just learned how to just be like, you know what? I'm gonna be quiet. He does have to poke the bear. I see him do that all the time. I don trust. He does all the time. I know exactly what he does. But we do have meaningful conversation. I can say that even I'm sure we both will agree that even when we don't agree, we still come out wiser.


Like we know a little bit more about the topic and see different perspectives, which is important. But I think that when I really learned how to be more effective in using my voice was during the women's march. Right. Like, you know, that was a real, real hard time. And I, I, once I started going through the controversy and all the attacks and people coming at me for anything they could think of, I found myself getting, you know, I was drained. Yeah. Trying to explain. And it's like, why do you, you just stop. Just stop. In fact, some of the sisters around me called me one day and said, it's not working. Like what you're doing, you on Twitter, you on Instagram, you trying to explain it's not working, it's not coming across.


And it hurt my feelings 'cause I'm like, but y'all know, y'all know what they're doing to me. But then iTWO, I kind of opened my eyes to what they were saying that I was only making the situation worse. Yeah. It wasn't getting better. So, and you Feel like you were, you became stronger in your messaging after you realized that? Yeah, I think, well I know I became stronger as a person. Mm. Right. That which, you know, is, is what I, I, I don't think my message wasn't strong, but it was overkill. You know what Emini here, because you, again, you cannot force people to understand what they're not trying. Even if they already know. Many people already know what you're saying and they have decided that they're just not gonna agree with you. So I think it made me stronger as a person that now when I speak on something, I absolutely feel convicted and therefore whatever I gotta do, whatever war I'm in, hey to hell with it, we in it.


Let's do it. I'm gonna ask Good. I was gonna ask why the memoir now, right? Some people will say it's still too early thought for a memoir. I, so I thought so some people Just say, you know, a memoir is a a period piece of, of time in your life. So why now? Yeah. You know what? I'm at the, hopefully like a little less than halfway point, right? About 50. You think you kind of, at the halfway point of life, I'm 44, obviously other people look at 27. Thank you very much. I work at this every day. Obviously people saw that in me that there was a story. And when I fir when they, when I first sat and wrote a outline, an outline of what would be in the book, I didn't believe on page one that there was a story.


I was like, this is whatever. But by the time we finished the outline and went over it together, I said, oh my God, like this is a real powerful story. And I'm at the point in my life where I can actually walk with this book and tell the story for myself versus being elderly, you know? And kind of unable to even remember some of the things that happened, you know? But obviously a big part of this book is that I ended up going to rehab for the pill addiction, which we've talked about on this show before. And I think that that marks a really important time that kind of like bookends the story. You know, for me, starting as a little girl, I tell you all about that.


'cause who knew coming from the projects in Harlem that I was going to end up on stages in front of millions of people and that folks would be listening to me as a leader. No one ever instilled that Emini here. My parents may have told me that, but The World didn't say little black girl from the projects can become this. It just, you know, wasn't a thing. So that's a, that's a first part. But then there's like, there's challenges. There's challenges that come with influence and what some people consider to be celebrity, even though I don't really use that in reference to myself, but some people feel that way. There's challenges that come with all of that. And ending up in that place, that dark place of being in rehab is something that I knew I had to tell.


And I don't want it to be like mixed into a early story. I really wanted it to be like you and me, we on this journey together right now when I set it here on The Breakfast Club in the old space, people started reaching out to me that you, you know, 'cause we are, you are in The World so you understand. But there are a lot of people that you would think, whoa, hey, a lot of people did what I did. 'cause when I first contacted Jason Williams, the NBA All star, you know, he is in heal in the healing space. After all the things we know he went through when I first contacted him, I was kind of like, Hey, my friend is going through something.


What can you tell me? He let me do that for two times, two, three calls. By the third call he was like, SIS, I already know what it is. It's all good. Like you need to get shit together basically. And I started getting those calls and some people who were real honest And I said, oh hold up. This is serious. 'cause these, it's not, it wasn't people who look cracked out on the street. This was folk who had big jobs. They sitting in big positions and they were like, I am so proud of you that you were brave to speak about it. And you know, I know somebody who might be also dealing pill addiction is real. You know what, Emini here, pill addiction is real because it's silent. You don't smell it like alcohol. You don't see people looking like they're high, but they're taking pills to numb themselves.


All different types of things. And, and when I started to see how many people have the same experience, I knew it was time for me to release this story. You know, another part of the book that I love is when you talk about, you know, what happened with the Women's March and, you know, not, not just what happened with you. I wonder if people are gonna read that, especially women that were involved and say, man, she wasn't just raising, ringing the alarm for herself. She was ringing the alarm for how they're trying to break us up. Yeah, absolutely. That was such an amazing movement. Yeah, it was. That, you know, I feel like they broke up rather fast. Yeah. Was that a hard chapter to write? Yeah. Well the Women's March part is really difficult for me even to talk about just because first of all, it still exists and there are people there who were a part of breaking up the, the women's march, right?


So I try not to call their names 'cause I'm trying to do better in life. It took me, I was as a whole way here, I kept saying don't be calling people's names. And so yeah, it's hard to write about that. Our experience there is something that, yes, it was amazing, incredible. I'm glad I did it, even knowing what I know, I would do it again because we made history that can't be taken away from us or Duplicated. And it has not Been, there's no disrespect. I didn't know it was still around. It is, it does. It's Emini here. They actually just had something that was, you know, good. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm glad that they're continuing our work because we certainly were the trailblazers. We started it, we, the list that is, you know, that that they use the social media, all of that we created that.


Those are people who started following us. And, and and, and it's not about just replacing individuals. It's also in my judgment about the, the, the people who were there were or ordained, if you will, to be there, right? Like, it was the place that God put us and it was for a reason. And so there's a history that exists that at times it can be painful to have to relive and then also to kind of see people act like they are the first ones at the gate. You know what Emini here. And so, but, but at the same time, I will say that I know there are some incredible women that are in the women's march today.


Black women who've taken over the space and they are making sure that the, that the women's march continues to be welcoming to black women. And so, you know, I'm happy to see that word continue. I was gonna ask, you know, how do you deal with everything that you're going through, right? We see you on the front lines a lot of times we see you online, we see you on tv, but you have to be going through a lot because not everybody that's with you is, is supporting you. Right? There's a lot of people that's going against you and you have to deal with that as well when you're really trying to do something not for financial gain, right. Financial gains, a lot of times it puts you in danger, but you still do it. But there's a lot of people that still attack you. How does that, how do you deal with that? So I don't mind any, you know, I I'm, I've been in this for 30 years, envy nearly 16.


Like that's how long, that's how long I've been in this work for 30 years. I, I started before my son was born and he's about to be 26. So that's a long time. So I'm used to attacks, right? And I'm definitely used to the attacks that come from what is considered to be the other side. What is often very, very frustrating is people who are supposed to be in the movement together. We all supposed to be trying to work towards the same goal who you just see and hear with the sly attacks and the sly comments and things that they're doing and saying to try to discredit the work that we put in, that for me is probably the most frustrating part.


And what's frustrating about it is not even that they do it, what's frustrating is that I have always tried to maintain a posture of not getting into a public battle with people who we all supposed to be walking in the same direction. You know, I always think about, And I, And I try to remind myself, because I was raised in the king tradition, right? In the Dr. King tradition. That's what I learned. I learned about the principles and nonviolence, Carmen, if she was here, Carmen Perez would say, you attack the forces of evil and not people doing evil. Right. And I've had to tell myself that over and over and over again. Even when evil means people, even with within our movement.


And so I was raised, I think about this one particular scene in a movie called King in the Wilderness. Oh, I love it. I love this one of my favorite documentaries films about Dr. King because he knows that he's about to die. He can feel it. You know, he's, he has great despair. You can see him walking around and at times you know that he's like, you know, really going through something that's telling him there's danger looming. It's The last eight months of His life last. Yeah, right. Last eight months of his life. And there's a, a scene where he is walking next to Stokely Carmichael, right? So first of all, they're in the same march And I, and they had tension, trust me.


They had tension and a lot of times they kept the attention in the basement of a building and they came out and they was together. You, you couldn't necessarily tell this particular day they're walking in the march and the reporter is asking Dr. King like, what should you know, how, how should we be moving forward? What should people be doing? And Dr. King is like, you know, I, you know, I believe in the, in the principles of non-violence and it is not passive. And he's going on and on about non-violence. And then they turned around and they asked Stokely Carmichael, what do you think that we should be doing? What's the direction? He said, I think we should burn this whole damn thing down.


Right? And so it's two different mindsets, two totally different mindsets, but they're walking in the same direction and they're able to be there. And Dr. King didn't get scared and say, let me run away. In fact, he used the energy of those people who were like, burning it down, tear it up. And he took that into, into these government offices and corporations and wherever else he was and said, Hey, these folk getting ready to mess your shit up. Like, you know, y'all better figure out what we doing here. And they also held him accountable by saying, these are the things that we need you to get done if you are gonna go in these places and be sort of the voice of the people. So I've always tried to be that And I've always tried to be that, but I can also tell when people are disingenuous, when they, when it's, it's more about them than it is about the actual movement.


And that is something that gets me pissed off, then I'll be ready to, you know, say things. Don't you think we need an inside out outside again? Because one thing I, from the same documentary King in the Wilderness, there was a scene where Lyndon b Johnson calls Martin Luther King Jr. When he's in LA I believe for the watch riots. Right? And he goes, you, what is going on? Why are he tearing up? But Martin knew that call was coming, right? Right. And so Martin was like, well now we need our check. Like, you know, yeah we got the civil rights and the voting rights and all that. But now it's about the money. These people are out here hurting. So don't you think you need an inside outside? I abs Emini here. I play it all the time. We play the outside a lot more than we do the inside. So certainly I think that's important. I think I'm speaking to something different, but the answer, short answer to your question is yes, we have to have that.


And I think the problem is the inside more than it's the outside nowadays because y'all be outside doing what y'all supposed to do. But then it's hard to get people on the inside Yeah. That want to work with y'all. Well 'cause they want, you know Yeah. Emini here. That's, that's true. People get comfortable when they get on the inside and they are afraid to work with people who are considered to be controversial. You know? And so I would say that is, that is an issue that we deal with, but not everybody on the inside is like that. You know, I think about somebody like Mark Morrell who is sort of an insider, right? National urban league. He's, he's in the, in the, in the buildings in the meetings. But there's not been a time when I've called him to say, mark, here's our position.


Here's what I want you to say. Or here's, you know, what I need from you. That he hasn't shown up to be a partner in that way. And so there's a lot of people like that. And you know, I think we have to give credit too, I think in every aspect of the movement. 'cause there's outsiders that are problematic, right? So there's inside, outside it's problematic. People all over the place, which is part of why our struggles seem in the cycles continue to go around in the ways that they do. I think we, if we were a little bit more effective in how we coordinate the inside outside and also that we identify the opponent not being us. It's not black institutions, it's not black people, it's not black organizers, it's not black protesters.


The problem is that we are fighting against something and we all need to identify what white supremacy looks like, what white nationalism is. We need to identify what ignorance and hate is and, and really use our energy to talk more about our strategies rather than to talk down on people who have built. Because you know, when I think about black institutions, And I also think about Black Wall Street and Rosewood and all of these places that we know black people built real economic power. It wasn't that black folks didn't do it. It's not that black institutions weren't a part of it because it would not have existed if it had not been for the work of people who have been, have, have toiled and died in order for us.


Literally put the,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apus.edu/military to learn more


American public university education that moves with you, Your lives and bodies on the line in order for us to be in the sit in the positions that we're in to even be able to sit here in this great big, beautiful building today. But there have been it at every point, white folks, government had literally burned down, physically burned down what we built. So I don't think anybody worked hard to say, MAA, let me in. I wanna be your friend. You know, just accept me. That's not what happened. People worked so that we can actually enjoy our labor. As Angela Rye says all the time, we built this nation for free on our backs.


So we are not asking for anything that we don't deserve. We pay taxes. We ought to, we ought to receive part of our tax dollars to help empower our communities. So when folks are saying to the government, we want positions of power, we want resources for our community, we're not asking somebody for a handout for charity, we're asking for the money that's going out of our paycheck to come back and recycle in our community. You know, so I I always, I always am cautious about, yes, there needs to be a critique. We all absolutely need to critique where we are with our institutions, with our organizations and where we are as a movement.


But a critique that is not also coupled with step 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 of the next level of the plan is problematic to me. And be honest with you, I don't trust people who spend a lot of time talking about themselves and, and, and then talking down on black institutions. I don't trust them. So, okay. I was gonna say, so I know that the target conversation comes up when I think about this, right? Yeah. And you were pushing the boycott target when the D-I-D-E-I stuff happened. And then tab like Tabitha Brown, there's people saying don't boycott target support the black brands so that they don't erase the black brands outta there. I I know you get pushed back for your take of course, but I don know you also listen to it as well to try and figure out how to move forward, right?


What's the answer to all of that, right? 'cause you're strongly on one side, you got other people on the other side. Like, is there ever really an answer to that? Like, what do we really do? Well, first of all, people are gonna do whatever they're gonna do. So let's just be clear about that. We are never gonna be in a situation where a hundred percent of anybody of any group says we are all gonna do the same thing. And I also wanna say publicly that I love and appreciate Tabitha Brown, right? This is a sister that I watch all the time. You know, I, I see people in my comment section like, oh, Tabitha ain't going, like, we not doing that. Right? Like, I'm supportive of her. I've purchased products from her offline. I support her love the sister and the other black business owners, Courtney Ale, Judy, you know, I, I call her, she's BB Judy.


I was getting ready to say what BB means to me, but we ain't gonna do that. What BB means? Sorry. Kaleidoscope. We're doing that Kaleidoscope. That's right. That's my girl though. Love her. Oh, okay. There you go. Love her. Love her. And it's not just her. There's a bunch of a bunch of things. You lip bars In Target as well. Absolutely. Lit Lip bar, who I just learned of. Rucker roots. Ellas. Yeah. So it's, it is so many people I wanna get in trouble for for that actually. Got a few of coming up here this week. Good, good. So all of these businesses are important And I think that we do need to support them, but I also understand that every time you, first of all, I'll say two things.


Your presence is also a part of your, your boycott, right? It's also a part of your protest, if you will, that when you walk through the door of a business, a building, anywhere you go, if people see your face, that's, that also is a sign of support. So a part of our withdrawal is that we shouldn't even be showing up in spaces where people are saying they don't want. And I am very careful not to continuously say DEI because that takes away the power of the meaning. Diversity, equity, and inclusion are what we are talking about. And so if, if somebody says, I've decided that I'm rolling back the diversity, equity, and inclusion, what are we talking about?


There's no reason for me to even give you my, my money. I just, you know, I don't see a reason to, to, to, to shop in your stores and to be a consumer that helps you to raise your bottom line. And so for, for me, I drop brands all the time and that's why I'm easy to do it. Gucci had the face, the, the black face sweater out, gone, Nike cut their contract with Kyrie Irving. And I felt it was very unfair. It was just racist to me. And wrong out, I'm done. All Nike is gone outta my home. And, and shout out to my son for that. 'cause he started it. And I was kind of like, we gonna throw our Nike away. What you mean Texas? But then when I really, when I really thought about it, I was like, you know what, you're actually right.


So I, I understand you know what he meant and you know why he did that and why that was his protest. And guess what, now I'm on actively black. So it was like a mindset shift that I went from wearing all the tech suits, wearing all the Nikes to now I'm in black, actively black and other black sportswear. And I started wearing s collective sneakers. I immediate, I needed something, right? And I immediately thought, let's transform spending money with these people and start spending it with our own. And that's why I've been saying to people that that that is for us in a lot of ways what we know will happen, what will come out of this is that people are frustrated, they're angry, they wanna do something, they wanna get active.


And now they're able to take and shift their power. Now the first part of it is learning how to hold your money. 'cause we are big consumers, you know, we love to spend money. So the first part is learning how to hold your money. The next part is when you start thinking, well we else, how can I be creative in other places that I can go to? Maybe let me look online to see if there's a black company that can ship me paper towels and toilet tissues. That is how you start to transition the thought, set the thought and excuse me, the mindset, if you will. And that's what we are working on. I think that people often forget when folks say, you know, oh, boycotts, boycotts don't work.


Or why boycott? What people don't understand about us is that we are, And I have to remind folks, we are front liners. This is what we do. We prepare people for combat. When people come through our doors, they are trained mentally for whatever the next steps are gonna be. And if other people say, well, we need to do more. 'cause this is me and Charlemagne arguing about what about this company and what about Amazon and what about Walmart and what about meta? Those things are important. And there are people who are doing all of it. Some people done they on, they in my comment section saying they never going back to Walmart, they got rid of everybody on the DEI list.


But there are people who need to start somewhere. And there is power in using your force to attack one particular issue at a time. Once you are able, in my judgment to show target that we as black women especially spend a lot of money with you, that I think the numbers are around $29 million you would lose in one day if all black people didn't shop in Target, right? If we can show target that the message resonates with all the other companies that you're talking about, everybody gets the message that, wait a minute, the black people are getting upset. We need that $2 trillion of spending that they usually circulate within our companies and our businesses.


And now they're starting to think and move differently. Once you start saying, I'm, I'm actually going to join this movement and start to boycott and start to fast from particular businesses, it's easier for you to start thinking, well what else can we do together? I guess people will, were questioning like, how do you decide which business to start, right? Yeah. Because, you know, you could say Target, but like you said, Walmart, right? People still get their packages on Amazon, right? People are still on Facebook all day long, they're still on Instagram all day. So I guess people would would say like, how do you pick and choose which way to go, Doc? So I I I have a perfect answer for you for that. It comes from the people, it comes from the bottom up. You have to be able to listen to people.


So I'll give you an example in my comment section. There are black women in there who are saying, target hit different, it feels different to them, right? They go, people say, what about meta? Well, when I open my phone for meta, I don't see my bank account dwindling. It just doesn't resonate the same way. It's not to say meta's not problematic, but people do not see the bottom line of their bank account impacted by their getting on social media. There's a black woman in my comments right now saying that when she closed her target card, she looked at what she spent and she spent $46,000 over 12 years.


Oh, Tarjay will get you. You see what I'm saying? We gave it a nickname thing. Yeah. We called it Tarjay. Black women walked in there feeling at home feeling like, okay, I'm safe in Target. I could spend four hours in here buying stuff I'm not even supposed to have, but I feel comfortable. So with movements, I I, I always use, I've been using this example for the last few weeks there, I've been involved in all types of police shootings. Some of them are worse than anything that you could name on this show. And we know some really bad situations and for whatever reason, there are certain issues that touch people. When you see that as an organizer, you don't say, well, what Aboutm 'cause what Aboutm is the art of confusion.


It keeps people in paralysis and they don't wanna move at all. You have to say, well, I see people are really concerned about Breonna Taylor, even though Pam Turner was shot to death as a, a woman, a older woman who was mentally unstable. She was shot to death in Houston, Texas, outside of her building by a cop who knew she had mental illness and he gunned her down while she was on the ground laying down. That's terrible. But guess what did you hear about Pam Turner? Probably, maybe. I think I did see a, a swipe through breaking down her case a bit, but it wasn't, it's not, something did, it wasn't super loud. Exactly. Breonna Taylor terrible. But Breonna Taylor, it it, it mobilized people.


It got people really upset. This young girl in her house. They got really upset about it. So we have continued to lift Pam Turner. In fact, we bring her daughter with us to events and Attorney Crump continues to check on her. And I love her dear young sister. And I'm sure there are times, and I've had other families, not her, not Pam Turner's family, but I've had other families say, why not us? Like, look at me. I, I also have lost a loved one. And it seems like everybody is organizing over here. That happens. We should continue to bring those people, but you cannot stop a grassroots movement from rising from the ground up. You can't do that. So for whatever reason, target has touched a nerve in people and has made them feel like they're ready to get active on that.


And I don't, I don't think that we need to shift the energy. I think we need to use Target as a starting point. As has been said, Nina Turner, let's give her the honorable Nina Turner hopefully should be up here soon. Her, and of course Jamal Bryant has the target fast. These, these two individuals are looking at where we are and how do we start. And now we can take that and say, oh, and just so you know, because I just saw Disney World, I think yesterday they announced that they're rolling back their DEI practices. So now what do we do about that? We can continue to move people. And you are also talking about folks who've never, ever boycotted anything. They've been the best consumers.


You are now having to retrain people's minds to know that you are not gonna die if you don't go to Target. There's other places that have your makeup, white removers or your dog food. You know what I'm saying? I I, So I got a lot of different questions, you know, And I think what you said about the confusion part is very true, right? Because even when it comes to things like Nike, yeah, okay. Kyrie Irving, you know, is no longer with Nike. But then they have people like LeBron James, of course they, they have people like Colin Kaepernick, right? Can they do some Aja Wilson too? Yeah. People like a Wilson. I'm just talking reason I talking about LeBron and Colin in particular is 'cause they do different levels of activism so people feel like they still wanna support that or you know, even with the target thing, yes.


If there's a grassroots movement and people are saying, Hey, I wanna boycott Target, cool, but what about when they look at this whole other list and they do ask, they will continue to ask that question. They'll continue to say, well, you're still using Amazon, you're still going to Walmart. You know, you're still on meta. Yeah. But, but I, I don't think that it is the responsibility of, first of all, I'll say this, if you boycott your shoes, your shirt, your pants, your t-shirt, your underwear, all at the same time, you walk around naked people not gonna do that. That's not realistic. And I don't think that we should set unrealistic goals for ourselves and our movement. It's already hard enough to get people just to let the algorithm rhythm or for the algorithm to push the message that there is even a target fast or a target boycott.


That's like not easy to do. You actually gotta hit the streets, knock on doors and talk to people directly, which we are beginning to do. Nima Armstrong, who is an organizer in Minnesota, this is the local community where the target headquarters is located. And the place where my viral speech, which I mentioned Target in the speech where it happened because of George Floyd, like the con That's, that's the other thing is like the connection between Target and that moment when the city of Minneapolis was, was burning down, right? Like, y'all remember that. I remember when everything was on fire and Target seemed to remain standing right there and it, it was next to a auto zone.


The auto zone was burned down, the police precinct was burned down and Target was right there. My, in my speech when I said I don't give a damn if they burned down Target, because Target ought to be out here with us fighting for justice. I wasn't saying go burn down Target. I'm just saying don't even bring up buildings burning when a a man was killed. He was, he was murdered on TV in front of a bunch of people who, a part of them was murdered as well in that moment. And Target the next day released a statement saying they were gonna open the doors and let people come in and out and get whatever they wanted. Folks were in Target getting milk for the eyes of protestors who, you know, the police were out there tear gassing people.


They were getting alcohol and gauze and everything else that they needed to deal with rubber bullets. And I'm sure they got some TVs and some Pampers and some other things too. I'm not gonna say they didn't, I'm sure they did, but Target heard the message. So the connection is not some pie in the sky thing that we just said, oh, we just gonna pick on Target. No, the, that, the CEO came out and said, this could have been one of my employees. So how when Donald Trump comes with his racist attack on diversity, equity, and inclusion, do you just fold like that? And people say, well, you know, no, no, no, they still have the program. Which by the way, they have not said a thing.


So I just wanna say for people who are listening, who keep calling me, telling me, well, did you talk to this person and that person? Because they still have a program and they still are committed to some of these things. The question that I have for you is when is Target gonna come out and talk about it? Yeah. I never understood why any of those corporations announced any of this publicly, to be Honest with you. Right. You could have changed it and we wouldn't have even known. Right? Like he, they, they haven't done it. Well that's the reason why they, they publicly said it. It's 'cause they wanna be down with the good old boys. And a lot of it is investors. They wanna be in the oligarchy. Huh? A lot of it is investors too. Like with Disney, what you were talking about. Yeah. Their investors Are on government contracts On them asking them, right? Asking them to do it so and so, and get, and, and you bring up a really powerful point.


You bring up a powerful point. Their investors want them to change their programs. They want them to stop the initiative. DEI, diversity, equity and inclusion. Right? That means people who spend money with them have made a decision. They don't want something. So why is it that black folks don't have the same mindset that we're investors as well? We are investors and, and, and, and in fact we have the right to be offended. We have the right to be offended and we have the right to say, you know what? Target don't even worry about Jonjo and them. We gonna get you first and you run to these meetings and these, these golf tournaments and all of that.


And tell people when they ask you, oh, Billy Bob, how are, how's your numbers? We having some problems. We having problems. Black people ain't feeling us right now. I don't know if I made the right decision. That's, that's the goal. And yes, I know Charlamagne, you're right. People are gonna say, why not this one and that one, you should do that. I don't wear a bunch of stuff. I don't shop in a bunch of places. I haven't been to Walmart in years. That's, that's, that's what I'm doing. You should do that. Anybody who feels like, and nobody stops anybody from saying, I'm now leading. I think you should lead the Walmart, Amazon, and meta boycott since you keep asking you. I'm not, You should, since you keep Asking why I know I'm not getting, because I know I'm not getting off meta.


Okay, well that's fine. But, but let ask you question. We, we, we supposed to be on fan base And I, And I, And I kind of believe, and see that's the other thing, right? We supposed to be on fan base And I Was gonna say that too. Like, you know, somebody, I was, I'm not gonna say who, but I was arguing with somebody Friday, right? Okay. He was on a threeway with him, right? Every day. Why we can't say who it's, Well it was Roland, it's rolling party. And me and Roland was arguing and Roland was saying, well I gotta, I gotta be able to get my messaging out. That's why I'm, I'm staying on that. And I was like, well, we could organize a mass exodus from these, But he, he And I fan base. But you can't, you can't, you have to say that, and I'm an investor, you're an investor fan base. We have to say that Roland has been one of the most consistent voices supporting Isaac and, and absolutely Isaac Hayes and trying to get people to go to fan base.


And every time I open the app there goes rolling, his face is there. So he is doing it. But you know what? It's okay. Guess what? They use us all the time. So why all of a sudden do we have to be, be the, the purest that if we gonna boycott one thing, we gotta do everything. You know what, it's a million people on my page on Instagram and people get the message. I have thousands of people that's on there talking. So you know what? I'm gonna use your platform to boycott, boycott your homeboy. That's what I'm gonna do for now. You shut me down, then I'll go somewhere else. You use me all you using me right now. What if I believe in buycott? Meaning that, you know, you know, we know that there's black businesses there. So focusing our dollars on making those black businesses, like I love what John Hope Bryan presented when he talks about the reframing of diversity, equity, and, and inclusion.


I love him a business imperative. That's my guy. And not a political agenda, meaning reframing diversity, equity and inclusion as a, as critical for economic competitiveness, innovation and market growth. Right? So because, because if we don't buy those products in those stores and they just sit there on the shelf and they don't sell it, they'll Just say, you know what? Get rid of that shit. They ain't sell it. And So, so there at least it, two businesses that I've heard of that have sold out their products since this happened because people have been buying directly from them online. Right? So that there is a way to continue to support these people. Yesterday, this brother, Carlton Maxwell. Carlton Maxwell, he was at Jamal Bryant's church in Atlanta, Georgia at New Birth Baptist Church.


And he had Carlton Maxwell stand up in the audience. And he said, you know, this brother was in 119 stores. No, 1900 stores. 1900 stores Targets Target. Okay? Yes. And he did not renew his contract when the boycott began. What was he selling? Selling sportswear, black history stuff. Shirts, tote bags. He did not renew his contract. And it, and it is because he decided that he wanted to join the boycott efforts, right? Jamal had him stand up yesterday. He told everybody in the church, now, you know, it's thousands of people at new birth on Sundays.


He told him, go on outside, put your stuff up, everybody gonna come out there. People bought everything from him. And I think most people, whether they wanted the stuff or not, were motivated to go, and by the way, he has some fly stuff, socks, sweatpants. I need those sweatpants. Carlton, you ain't have my size. But he, he would, he, everything he had was purchased and he said his online sales are up, people are supporting him. So there's more than one way to skin a cat. Right? We have to be creative because what if they just said to tomorrow, they don't even want us in the store. Then what? And they will definitely say that if people are not buying so Emini here, that's, I get you. I I I just feel like you gotta have a plan to redirect energy towards supporting companies like Carlton.


You do, but also supporting companies who are doubling down on DEI. Well, well, a hundred percent. And that's why this whole thing where people are like, oh, you know, know Reverend Sharpton took people to Costco's And I Why would you go to Costco's? Well let's, to your point, if somebody says, if you are going to punish one person, then why not reward the other? I didn't, I didn't like the singing outside of the That's cool. You know, you know, you know, again, you know that age of black people, they sing at everything. Right? Sing everywhere. Right. Emini here, it's because, you know why? Because most of those people who were there, they're older, right? Most of them. There was some younger folks, but most of them are older.


And that's what they do. That's what motivates them. When we do protest protests, we, we, we be out there singing some different stuff, right? We evolve, things shift and they change. But what motivates that group of people, which includes my mother, my father, and other people who are a little bit older than us. That's what they like. And I don't see anything wrong with it. The point is, they were making it clear to another company and to other companies that we are smart enough to know that if we want something and you say that you are going to fight. 'cause by the way, Costco's is in a fight. They're not keeping DEI easily. They're, as you said, they're stakeholders, stockholders, they're investors.


They're even, I've heard that the, that the, the, the elected officials in the city where their headquarters is, has been calling them, trying to force them. Because the whole thing is they need all these companies to do it at one time so that there's nobody left and therefore you have no choice. 'cause you're not gonna boycott every single company. So they're trying to put pressure to make sure that is, there's a domino effect. Everybody decides to do it. And then there's, there's nowhere for you to go. Right? But, but Costco said, nah, we gonna stand on business. We believe in this. And now we know Delta Airlines has said that. What is the difference between Target and Costco?


What is the difference? Why, why is it that Target does not respect the black consumer, especially black women enough to say this is gonna upset them. Not to mention Target Pulled is DEI initiative. It was announced and they didn't even call the black businesses that you're talking about, to let them know that this is gonna happen. I think those black businesses should get together and Sue Target me because you have impacted my bottom line. You have hurt my brand being in your store, right. Hurt my chances of being a successful vendor within Target without even coming to me to say, Hey, something is going to be different and you might be impacted by my new decision.


They didn't even do that. They didn't even have respect enough to call these folks and say, Hey, we got some things going on. We want you to know about it first and give me an option of how I wanna move when the announcement is made. They didn't even do that. So why are we being so nice and kind? And guess what? There are different types of people in this movement. You got people who are going to go in the store and say, I'm just gonna buy this one thing. I'm just going to, you know, get this. But I can tell you right now, meaning the Black products, The black products, right? But I can tell you right now, you walk through the door and the toilet tissues gonna be on sale for $2 because Target is they, these people are master marketers.


They are master manipulators. That's what they do. They have people who study our habits so they will know what to do in order them to draw you in. So you think you gonna walk in there just to grab one thing and now your child who's four years old is laid out flat on the ground screaming, mommy, Please Get Me so and so. So you go, you gonna be like, get it. Just get it and let's go. Right? And eventually you slip back into the same habits. So we are asking people to please ensure that you support every single black business. I'm buying stuff. Play Pits is a new brand I just found out about that is a deodorant.


Deodorant for kids. You know what I'm saying? I just found out about them too. Emini here. That's, that's actually the good thing about this moment. Right? Because I didn't know all of those products existed. Exactly. To be honest, I Just wish it felt as loud as it did. Like during the pandemic, when it was like the push of like black businesses or whatever, I felt like it was so loud and like everybody was passing around these lists or whatever. I don't think that it's like that anymore, But them corporations ain't do shit. Right. That's I want, you know what, I want you to speak to me. That's true. And I love that you, we were talking about the book, I literal to tell the story, but you told me something the other day that I, I was like, yo, that's, I really forgot about that. The work that somebody like Reverend Jesse Jackson was doing. Right, right. And how he did it, right. Yeah. Right. So go ahead. You asked the question. Well, I was just gonna say like, like, you know, when we talk about these corporations who pledged all of this money right after George Floyd, right?


They didn't deliver. They did not. But Back in the day when Jesse Jackson was, you know, pushing these people for diversity and everything, he was on they ass. It was a big difference. Make sure if They did, yes. And not all the companies did it then, but then, but there are certain companies that it's certain, there are certain brands, and I'm not going to name them today 'cause we ain't giving them free promotion, but there are certain brands, because I don't know where they stand now, but there are certain brands that we as black people are attracted to for a reason. And it's because, you know, it's historic. Like we learned that such and such was our friend, kind of whatever that means back then. And that behavior has translated down through generations. And it's just like you going to, so you don't even know why you more interested in this than that.


And it has a lot to do with how your parents knew that this company was safer for us, or at least they were hiring more people and they had more opportunities for us. And that's something that I have to give a lot of credit to Reverend Jackson and those people who sort of followed in Dr. King's footsteps. 'cause you look at Operation Bread Basket, which was an initiative that literally dealt with the economics within our community. And they had principles for how you decided whether you were going to work with or support a corporation or not. And, and, And I will say when you talk about companies who made commitments, one of the commitments that Target made was to spend $200 million with black businesses.


I thought it was 2 billion, two 2 billion or 200 billion. Thought it was 2 billion. Yeah, check it because I might be wrong. I was getting ready to say 200 billion billion, but I know I'm wrong about that. Hold on One second. It might be 2 billion or is it 200 in 2020? They pledge 2 billion black owned Businesses by 2025. Right? Cool. So, right. So I'm wrong. So that was by 2025. We wanna know what happened with the money. Did you do it before you talk about rolling back DEI don't you think they should put out a report that says we put, we, we spent all this money and by the way, 2025 doesn't end for another 11 months. So it did you end your DEI practices before you got to the full 2 billion?


Thank you for correcting me. Did you know what happened? Now to your point about Reverend Jackson, this is another reason why I get frustrated when I hear people say we don't need D-E-I-D-E. I never done nothing. For me, it's not important. And Roland Martin gave me some examples the other day of how DEI is just the child of things that have happened before it. Right? So they may not have been calling it DEI in the seventies and eighties, right? We were looking for black economic power. We were looking to, again, if you have a business in our bus, in our, in our community, you not gonna just set up shop and not give our people jobs.


Not put us on in positions of power within the company. That's just not gonna happen. And they were right to say that because you right here and people gonna run in your store buying things from you. We deserve a piece of the pie. It's not, we are asking for charity. We are saying that's how you do business when you enter somebody's community, right? You can't move in my house as a man and me and you living here and you say, I'm gonna eat your food, I'm gonna drink everything. I'm gonna take all the resources from me And I ain't gonna help you pay the rent. That's ridiculous. Right? So when I think about Reverend Jackson, remember I was a little girl and it is, And I live to tell the story to some degree being in the movement. And I watched them protest companies because you would find out that a company again is in the community and they don't even have one black board member or women.


Now has it been infiltrated by other people? Absolutely. But that certainly was a time when it was all male, all white and, and the white women actually were working as administrators in the co in the company. You were able to, the white women was able to answer the telephone, right? And that's about it. And be the secretary, Reverend Jackson and all those working with him went in there and said hell to the, no, you can't operate in our business if we don't have a piece of the pie. And when we talk about DEI, a lot of people are thinking about jobs and thinking about, you know, maybe some of the vendors and things like that. But what about suppliers?


You have people who had advertising, companies who had contracts with these agency, with these businesses. You have people who had the security firm. You see the people at the front door. You don't know who's actually running that firm. It could be a black man or a black woman. Behind that. You have drivers, the truck drivers that are out there bringing the products across country. A lot of times those are people who come from the DEI aspect of the company, right? These are suppliers that were also a part of the work that Reverend Jackson and them did. And to speak to the point about boycotts and protests and why they go hand in hand is that he would not have been able to do that if Ms.


Susie and them didn't go stand outside and form a picket line to create actual visuals of what was going on in the meetings. And Ms. Susie didn't have millions of dollars. So we, you know, there's no expectation that the person who has decided that my little $10, I'm gonna keep it in my pocket. But she was out there braving the cold, standing outside in front. And those are your combat front liners. We have to remember that in the, in, in, in war, everybody doesn't do the same thing. You got people who are on the front line, you got people who are driving the vehicles, you got snipers, you have all different types of people who are doing work that makes up the whole and gets us to an end result.


So let's not, let's not, let's not fight the protesters in the boycotters. Let them do their job and use it as fuel. If I'm, if I'm Tabitha Brown, if I'm, you know, Courtney Idle, if I'm, what's our sister's name from I best wines? Angry, angry, angry. Best, Ingrid. Yes, Lord, have mercy. Ingrid, I love you. You know that. I'm sorry too much in my head. Yes, but, but if I'm used to be Ciroc back in the day, right? Right. Absolutely. If I'm these folks, I'm getting together and I'm not saying don't boycott. I'm saying, okay, I don't really want you to because my product is in there. But guess what, if you gonna do it, I'm going to go inside and fight.


Not, not, not go. And I'm not, I am not saying that they're not fighting. So let's get, 'cause you know, they'll say, oh, Tamika Mallory said y'all punks and y'all ain't fighting. No, I'm not saying they're not. I'm sure there are things happening that The World is Constantly changing.


If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a P'S programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz, ADA Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Everybody's not gonna see and hear, but if I, if I was them, I would be saying, I'm gonna use the energy from the street to take in here and say, you guys have hurt our businesses because of what you have done to our community. You have to work in tandem inside, outside strategy. And guess what? Fight, fight. This is a time that we are in where we just at the beginning, we've got four years at least, maybe even more of people who are going to continue to hit us with these particular plays because they are attempting to return this nation to an all white, all male for the most part leadership.


And these are not white people that just gonna do what you say because we ask them to. We gonna have to make a demand. And so it's good for us to start flexing our muscles and learn what it feels like to get in a fighting position. Now to Angela Rye's point, who I was listening to the other day in a minute, if we don't show our power in this particular moment, we going look around and ain't gonna have no money to buy a target anyway. So we all gonna be boycott. Let me ask you A question though. I was gonna ask one question about the the boycott thing. Okay, I'll let you Finish first. No, I was gonna say about, I guess that's the other thing too. Is it easier or harder to protest with social media because things can be so fragmented, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like some when Friday, I didn't know Jamal Bryant was doing a protest, right?


I just found out about this on Friday, right? And then I didn't know Nina had announced one, right? Yeah. I I I, And I know you, I know y'all were talking about it, but I didn't know they actually announced it. Right? And then when I started to look into it, 'cause I was like, well what are the demands? Absolutely. Because I still haven't heard what the demands are. And then somebody was like, well go look on Jamal Bryan's website. But when I go look on Jamal's website, it said the protest don't start till March 5th. Well, so yeah. So who's doing is, has Nina started it? Y'all started? No. So they, so, so yeah, thank you. Thank you for asking that. 'cause that's important. And I've heard a few people say they're confused and we are not perfect as a movement. And so there needs to be people who call, call in and say, Hey, we don't understand. So first of all, I mentioned the Kima Armstrong, which is a, a woman who is there in Minnesota where the target headquarters is.


They started for Black History Month. Okay? Right. They already started the folks and they're not just on social media, they are on the ground. They have held demonstrations, they've been outside. In fact, there is a Latino group that was also protesting. They had a big protest outside of a target in one of their communities. Not connected to Nima, I don't believe, but I'm just saying they started right away. So Black History Month, they were saying don't shop in Target, Nina Turner, this is all great minds coming together, right? And now we all a part of something called the mothership. So we all talking to one another. But in the beginning we were not, Nina Turner had also been working through, we are somebody on a similar idea that beginning Black History month, and it didn't have an end date, but beginning in Black History month that there would be a boycott of Target and a buycott of all of the other brands.


And so they created the list and put all of that information out there. So now I, Nina called me and said, Hey, would you like to be involved in this? Where do you stand with it? I said, I definitely wanna join you. And then I connected Nina and Nima. So now they've, they've been talking about how we come together. Then the brothers said, Hey, and Jamal Bryant being one of them, we are getting ready to go into a season of Lent, right? So people during lent, they fast and he said, let's bring the community, the clergy community, the, the our ministries and our church community into this thing by asking people starting the beginning of Lent to fast from Target, right?


And so it's all a continuation and how that gets properly articulated is something that we are gonna have to work on. But hey, I'm up here today. And so then I included Jamal into the text chain. And so now all of us are talking, and Roland has been given his advice and elders have been calling and Michael Eric Dyson is saying, Hey, let me, you know, ask you some questions. Have you thought about this? Have you thought about that? And so, you know, so it is, it is not perfect. No it's not because it happened in one particular moment. People moved again. We moved based upon what you saw. I could go up there right now on my page and say, we gonna do X, we gonna boycott this cup Company.


People don't always move, y'all know that. I be telling you, I'm frustrated. People are not seeing the importance of this moment. But if I say this, these flowers and everybody's on it, okay, now we got action, we got motion and I'm going to use this moment with these flowers to talk about that cup. That's just, that's just organizing 1 0 1. You know? So that's where, that's where we are. It's just a continuation they're doing because they already will have their people in a season of fasting thinking about what they can pull their re resources from or put their resources towards. And what he did at church on Sunday, by one, having people buy out all my books, thank you.


New birth for doing that, for showing up lines of people purchasing black folks products, right in the lobby of the church. We gotta go back to that. And that's why, another thing I have to say, go back to another point. That's why I'm also protective And I get upset about the dismissal of black institutions because they're black institutions have built housing. We got people, thousands, millions of people around this country living in housing that was built by churches, by organizations that, you know, they put they little resources together and put up a building and next thing you know, it turned into a senior center and senior living and a place for low income housing.


Black institutions hire millions of people. You have millions of people who are working in either churches or the Urban League or the NAACP or these different organizations. We have had a tradition of folks who have worked really hard to get us to where we are today. Which there's challenges, there's problems. And it is time for evolution for sure. We've gotta go to the next phase. We have to look at what black organizations can be in the future with all that we now have at, at our fingertips. But I don't think that we can dismiss the work that was done previously because if it were not for their sacrifices, we would not be in the positions that we are in today.


I, I Agree with you. I don't know if it's as much of a dismissal as it is to your point, what happened to y'all? Y'all were doing all of this in the community. Where is that at now? Right? Well I Emini here. I again, people ask me all the time, And I see it in my son's comments the most, I be wanting to cuss people out in there, but I decide they, it is too toxic over there. So I just let him deal with that. His, his comment section is mad toxic. Y'all know, you know, but anyway, people say to us all the time, why y'all don't do nothing about black violence? What about, and meanwhile we all outside like that's what he does every day. Maybe you don't necessarily see it. And maybe those questions need to be asked, but I'm out there And I see people.


Yeah. What is Erica Ford doing? What does she do? What does Erica, what does she, She's the main one. Frontline. E exactly, Erica. And not, and and by the way, y'all people have the right to get older and to evolve themselves. So rather than Erica being on the front line at where she used to be out there burning herself out to the point where she got sick, she now is empowering a whole group of younger people who will do it their own way. It doesn't mean that we can just dismiss what she did. No, she's still important because she has wisdom to bring to the table for how you go forward. She is able to see what, what you may not know.


'cause you know, when younger folks start getting in stuff we bring or they bring, 'cause I ain't that young anymore, but they bring a certain level of courage and fire that we need new energy. But sometimes they can't see the pitfall that's coming. And so you need an elder. I would never say that my grandmother's her remedy for healing me when I have a cold or when I'm, you know, having a baby or whatever things you may encounter that those things are no longer and that that's all they know. No, actually they know something powerful because if it healed you when you was 12, it might be able to heal you. Now is there sea Mars today?


Absolutely. That's a new thing. My grandmother ain't know nothing. She died. She ain't know nothing about sea Mars. But it doesn't mean that her old Buckley's routine that she used to put together or the castor oil, that that doesn't matter. And it doesn't help us to make the grandparents and the institutions of before to feel like they are passe. No, they need to be at the table and they need to know that when they come to the table, there's a new generation of people who have ideas that we are able to even bring you along to the next table. Old men for council. Young men for war. That's right. Women Too. 19 Keys was here Friday and said something I think that you didn't like that sparked a nerve with you, right? Because you, you left a comment on The Breakfast Club page and so did my son.


What sparked the nerve? A and B, you talked about Stokely and King and, and how two different people look at things two different ways and they said that, you know, when they had their differences they were able to speak behind the scenes and then come out in public and still fight for the same fight. So one, what sparked the nerve? And two, how come y'all haven't talked behind the scenes and had that conversation where it doesn't look like you guys are going at each other? So To be clear, absolutely number one, I have talked to 19 kids and that's my brother and he And I do disagree on different things, but I was mad at him. My comment in the Charlemagne. Yes. Okay. At Charlemagne, my comment in the, on your page on The Breakfast Club page wasn't so much about 19 keys, although I still think it's important for us to lift up the work of our institutions because we know what they have done and how important they have been.


And again, the reason why we had Black Wall Streets and the Rosewoods and other places that were burned down by the government and white vigilantes is because black institutions exist and existed at that time. And people that came out of those traditions work to create, sustain those in these types of, of economic chambers, if you will, like a Black Wall Street. So that's important. I'm a defender of black institutions because I come out of one And I, I know the power of what they've been able to do. I know that when people's lights are turned off, sometimes the only place you could go to is to a black church or to the National Action Network.


Those are real things happening every day. We got theories and ideas and things that probably will and can work if we all work together. But we also have people who need food right now. They need to be able to go somewhere and say, Hey, the landlord's trying to kick me out. Will you come and show up over here and fight this white man or this whoever man that's trying to put me out of those black institutions, do that work every single day. So I'm always very protective about that. But the person that I'm really talking about when I say I was pissed off is this one right here. And the reason why is because Charlemagne asked several questions, which I think is, what about ism?


What about Amazon? What about this place? What about that place after I had already told him in the text message three days before that why I don't believe that there, it's a good strategy to try to boycott everything at once. And he didn't say what I said as a response. So what he did was basically leave people with a open freaking answer, a e open question to something that I already told you. Even if you don't agree. I'm not saying you gotta agree, but you can at least say, but you know what? I did speak to Tamika Mallory and she said X, y, Z thing. And he is now saying he didn't know about Nina and them. I did not know that. So I, maybe I'm not as upset with you as I was about that, but I feel like it's, it's too serious of a time for us to have conversations that just leave people confused when there are answers.


So to me it would've been better to have Nina or Jamal didn't know cool or me call in on the phone and talk about the boycott and get those points straight and have the discussion rather than have people walk away like, yeah man, come on. They playing themselves. They ain't, they not trying to get off meta, they not trying to do, when we actually have an answer for why Target is the first place that we are deciding to, to target, pun intended. So Yeah, I guess I wasn't trying to make it specific about any one present. 'cause there was so many people talking about boycotting target. Yeah, well that's that, that's your answer. You just said it. The reason why Target is the target is because so many people already to boycott target.


That's the answer. That's why You got picky, Picky shot. That's why No, we, this Conversation, We had this Conversation. I get it. I'm not, It's completely separate. I guess it's not separate from all of this because I'm sitting here listening to you talk and then I know in the book you talk about a lot of personal stuff And I'm like, when do you take time to deal with your own personal? She don't stuff because You Emini here. So okay, I do, I do now a little bit better. I know he's right though. 'cause I'm kind of going because what I do when I get to the point that it all fills up at me and I'm as big as a balloon, then I start crying on his phone and Emini here, real tears. He has had to be like, okay, we gonna get through this. Because I'm like, I'm so frustrated.


I got so much going on, but I'm getting better at that. And rehab taught me, like when I was in rehab, there was no cell phone. The TV had some weird ass stations. I was in like the Backwood somewhere in Ohio. The the, it just wasn't, it wasn't good. And there I learned the art of taking care of me. And in the book I have this quote in there that I wanna share with somebody who is listening. It says that I will, I was born fighting for freedom And I will die fighting for freedom. But this time freedom includes me, me and that's where I'm at. I'm I'm all about what about me now, just so you know Lauren, when we go to these cities and we are like in Kentucky and other places, oh honey, we get a twerk on.


We get a twerk on, we find out where the little after hour spot is, but then people Judge, we go out, they do people judge, I'm down now then people judge what you doing on vacation? What doing In the strip club reason like You in the strip club for, because I like To go out. I like how I like good wings. Oh, oh, so you being a strip class for real? Absolutely. Because that's what Emini here. Emini here. I I'm not, it's not like I do it all the time. Lauren. Like I'm now No, no, no. Boy look it up. Hey, that's your point of entry that you might be able to, to get to go out. We have a good time smiling. Look at her now. No, I didn't ask you that to find out. And it min You find all No, I, I really asked you that because you deal with some heavy stuff in the book. Like I know for the first time you talked about the trauma you went through as a child with sexual abuse as a child.


Yeah. For the first time ever. And I'm like, I wonder what made her decide to put that out there because she got all these people coming at her about everything else. You've been connected. Like it's just the woman's March stuff and like there's been a lot. And then you put that out there and I'm sure you had to deal with that again when putting it in the book. Well Here's the answer. I live to tell the story. That's right. I went through all of that and I'm still here, you know, and I'm sure some of it was meant to take me out, right? But look at me. And so yeah, taking care of myself looked like writing it down And I didn't, my parents are reading my book right now. Well, they're finished now. I gave it to them two weeks early when I first received the book. And it was hard to put that book in their hands.


I had already told them mom and dad And I, my sister who thinks she's my mother, but, and she, she, she kind of is she the three of them. I got them on a phone call because I wrote a particular chapter and when I finished I cried so hard. Not because of what was in the chapter, it was just, it was some shame. But it was also because I was like, I cannot turn this in. I cannot let my parents have to relive this. And it was about a time when I almost was raped by several guys. 'cause I went somewhere I wasn't supposed to be. And I walked past my father in the house after the experience and didn't say anything to him. And I was so just broken from what I had experienced.


In fact, the mother of one of the boy who lived in the apartment, she happened to come home and literally save my life. Like they were seconds away from saying, that's it, it's four dudes. You, that's it. You gotta take your clothes off. Why did you even come here? They were starting to tug on me. It was a whole thing. And the mother walked in and looked and said, who the hell is this little girl in my house? Get the hell outta here. And she was looking at me instead of them while speaking. 'cause she was like, you in trouble. And I'm damn like, get yourself together. She told me, I'm gonna close this door, get yourself together, you can get outta here. And that's how I got out of that apartment with a pit bull sitting in front of the door. So there was nowhere that I could go, even if I wanted to.


And, and knowing that I, I tell that story, which is hard enough I think for my father to deal with. But for me to say that I left that apartment and went straight home and that he was sitting in the house And I didn't even tell him what happened, right? I broke down so bad. I was like, oh my God, I cannot put this in this book. But then, so when I put the book in their hands, I was like, oh my God, just don't read it. Just put it up as art. Like don't read it. And sure enough, I came home one day and my sister was like, I need to talk to you. This book is a lot. She was like, I'm I, I'm going through something. Our parents are suffering with what's in here that my father said to her. He hasn't said anything to me to this day, to this day. My mother done told me off about two things.


'cause that's what she do. That's my girl. My sister was like, I don't know if you should have told these stories, but my father has not said one word. Emini here. He speaks to me every day. That's my dad. That's my guy. He's my publicist. You know, he went and picked up the bands for the tour. Like that's my guy. But he hasn't said anything about how he feels. However, he told my sister that it was real hard for him to get through reading that some of this was happening and he couldn't do anything about it. So it's, it's, this book is tough. I will say this though, just on a side note, especially with your father and tell your sister, just be careful because it's dads And I think Charlemagne would know. I don't know if Charlemagne 'cause he's into therapy.


Yeah. As a dad and knowing my dad, revenge is what we would want. Right, right. So your dad might be looking for the young boy's names Right. And numbers right now to pull up on him because it feels like there's no way you're gonna do that to my girl. Right, Baby? Well, my dad Dad, my, my dad is 78 years old. So he needs to sit down and not be looking for No younger dad. Gun. Gun Too short does my dad needs to sit down and live the beautiful life that him and my mother worked so hard to make for themselves and for us. And know that he did a damn good job. Definitely because look at me, right? Like he did a damn good job and whoever tried to hurt me or whatever happened, it doesn't matter because at the end of the day, I made decisions for myself that I know if he was there or if he knew that I was.


And matter of fact, they tried, they tried to prevent me from making those decisions. So we want my dad to sit down. But that's the reason why I didn't tell him at the time. Makes sense. Because he was popping then. Okay. And he would've been outside. It's a lot of things that mothers, black mothers keep from the father in the household to keep him from going to prison. Defending daughters, sons, especially the daughter. That's a real thing. And there's a lot of stuff. I know my aunts if if they listening, they know about it because I as a little girl used to hear them saying, don't mention this or don't say that. Now there's a double edged sword to it because this is why people and families, especially uncles and grandfathers and others get away with abusing young people because the women are holding secrets.


Trying not to create confusion between the men. And so I don't suggest it, but I would. I'm just saying the reality is a lot of things that have happened in your families, people don't, the the men don't know about because we are trying to make sure that they don't end up in prison or dead trying to defend their their children. Well Pick up the book I to tell the story. Where we at tonight? Where We at tonight. So tonight we are going, first of all, are we telling people that? 'cause if they show up they can't get in. Oh nevermind. It's a private event. But Charlotte 13 C is having a party for me and shout out to my home girl, Nikia McClain from Tenaya and Nicole as well as Haw Thompson. These women have worked together with this brother to put together a private release party for me.


But on Thursday they can join me at the New York Public Library on the 13th Thursday I'll be there in conversation with our public advocate. Jamani Williams. I need to have him up here again soon. Oh absolutely. Because he's got a lot to say, especially about the mayor. But that's another thing. What time is that? And that's at six o'clock on Thursday the 13th. And also the moderator of that conversation is gonna be the executive director of editorial at Ebony Magazine. So it's silly. It's actually gonna be really dope. A lot of people have signed up. It's at the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue. And if you go to Tamika D mallory.com/tour, Tamika D mallory.com back slash tour, you can see where I am all over the country.


We are in DC next week On the 18th. Politics And Pros. 18 Politics and Pros. The 19th we are in Tulsa, Oklahoma at All Saints Church. We got another event happening there. Shout out to Kim Roxy and my girl Tiffany Crutcher who are working on stuff there. I'm in New Orleans at Baldwin and Co on the ninth. The 20th. The 20th, yeah, Thursday the 20th. So and then the next week I'm back in DC I'm also in Miami, but it's all on my website. I'm in Jacksonville on the 22nd. I'm back in Atlanta on the 23rd at the gathering spot. A lot of stuff my people have shown up for Me. She book trapping. She outside that tour. Yeah, because you didn't get to do that for state of emergency. I didn't because it was covid and right out was state of emergency.


You busy working But yeah, I was, I was. But and but but also the, the balance there is that in 20 20, 20 21 everybody was at home. So you had everybody from Alicia Keys to Tiffany Haddish to Taraji and Jada Pinkett and Pinkett Smith and others who participated in some way in the tour. 'cause all they had to do was go turn their computers on. That's right. And so it was, it's like a little different that now I'm calling them and they like, oh my God, I'm in Asia. Got out. Yeah. Like what you need me to do. But I will say that all of those sisters that I just named, with the exception of Tiffany, who I'm going to call, have agreed to do some type of virtual event for me, which will be closed spaces for young girls, young men.


And so, you know, we, we still are gonna make it happen and make sure that they participate in what we got going on. Would I live to tell the story Out right now in bookstores everywhere. Go get you a copy. That's right. Damn. I about to say Nevermind. What? No, I about to say going Amazon. But you My goodness answers to Ladies, gentlemen answers. We have answers. Is it in Target? No, I'm just joking. I just Joking. We have last time my book was in Target after I said what? I said they bought 9,000 books, so that's good. So, but not this time. That's cool. No problem. Barnes and Nobles. Yes. First of all, I suggest people go to Barnes and Nobles. I'm not telling people Barnes and Nobles and black bookstores. Black bookstore. Got you. Go to black bookstores. Alright, please. Uncle Bobby's has been really working with me.


Mahogany Books. I got too many people to name too many people. All right, well it's The Breakfast Club is Tamika Mallory. Wake that ass up in the Morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a P'S programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Bettering your business, takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup. The hookup for what I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Pops, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro. I'm gonna rip your arms off and use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.