
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yeah, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlemagne Tha God Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy is out, but Lauren Oz is in and we got a special guest in the building. He's got a new book out. Who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming. Big. Yes. Will Pacas? Yes. What's up my Brother Family. What's going on? What's up? How are you? Are you you Feeling? You look blessed Black and h how you feeling? I'm feeling amazing. You know, I'm up here. I'm up here with one of the most incredible platforms in media right now. Interesting time in media. You know, we media ebbs and flows. We in an ebb right now in the movie business. Charlamagne Really? I don know if you know. Yeah. Just, you know, coming off the strikes, coming off of Covid like the, the movie industry never really recalibrated.


So there's a lot of folks out there that are hurting right now. A lot of folks that aren't working. A lot of actors outta work writers. And so as a producer, you know, I'm just trying to keep people hired, trying to do what I do and create content. Most people out there they don't realize because there's so much content out there and so many streaming services. Yeah. It's like, oh, everything out there, I can see whatever I want. But actually the media companies are making a lot less. So it's an interesting time in the business man. When, So, okay. Yeah, I was what? Who Better Than You is the name of the book. What made you decide to write this? Yo, you know, I have been in the movie game for almost 30 years now And I have dealt with some of the biggest names. Some of the most impressive successful people.


Some of the most toxic, insecure people. And throughout that process, I have gained a set of skills that I wanna share with people about how you can be successful and manifest a more full life. How you can use some of the skills that I've learned that are transferable to any industry to navigate. Be it, you want to start a new endeavor. You wanna overcome a challenge, you wanna pivot in your life. And so I'm telling stories I've never told before. Stories from dealing with, you know, some of my Hollywood folks. But it's really lessons, right? It's lessons about, this is how you deal with people, how you position yourself to succeed and how you have healthy arrogance now to be confused with toxic arrogance, right?


Toxic arrogance walks in a room and says, I'm better than everybody here. I'm gonna win. 'cause you're gonna lose, right? I'm better than you. Healthy arrogance walks in a room and says, okay, number one, I belong in this room. Right? The most successful people feel that. They don't feel like, am I supposed to be here with all these important people? Healthy arrogance feels like I'm supposed to be here. However, I also have something to add to this room. This room is better because I'm in it. And I'm gonna get other people to understand how they, And I have a commonality in terms of our goal. If you can get other people to see the value in what you're going after, then you can then get them to row in the same direction as you and work towards your own goal.


That's what leadership is. Getting other people to realize that it's not me against you. If I can get you to understand that together we both benefit from working together and accomplishing things that are my goals as well as your goals, your chance for success is increased. Mm. You know, when I read about you, you talk about healthy arrogance. I hear your interviews about healthy arrogance. It feels like you're saying you just got, it's like a sense of worthiness. It's value. It is. It is very much understanding the value to place on yourself. Right. And you understand charlamagne, 'cause you talk about mental health a lot. We all have this drumbeat in our head, right? And it can be a negative drumbeat of, I'm not ready, I'm not worthy, I don't have the skills, I'm not prepared.


More and more you tell yourself that the louder those voices get. But there's a confidence muscle that you can build, that you can grow by telling yourself the exact opposite. That I am worthy, right? That I am prepared. But it's really about assigning value. And the thing I say to people is that understand from the time you are born until the time you leave this earth, you are building your brand. Everything you do. Right? Emini here. You can't make mistakes. Everybody does. But every decision you make and everything you do is building your brand. And it is telling people what value to assign to you. Whether that's somebody that is looking to invest in you, looking to date, you looking to just hang out with you. You are telling them what your value is.


And you have to be healthily arrogant in the way that you force other people to recognize your value. Damn. Yeah. So if you don't have nobody, does that mean you're not worth nothing? Well, You know, I'm not gonna say that. Well, you mean like a relationship? Yeah. Well That just means that you have to be sure that you're surrounding yourself with people that understand your value, quality, narcotic. It might mean that you're worth more than people want to give you credit for. Talk about that. It might mean you're single because other people don't recognize your value and you're not willing to compromise for it. You had something to say, Charlemagne. What? What hit dog will holler, won't they? No asking. Keep spinning that asking brother this way. I'm just asking the brother a question.


Why Is Charlemagne's next? Sassy. You saw coming this way though, did you? I did. Did the Sassiness of the hair that caught me off. God, the hair whip. That's what, is that what it is? Are you whipping your hair back and forth? I was not with my At all. What's happening? I was just asking you a question 'cause I like what you're talking about. That's all. Okay. All right. Well, yes, absolutely. So if, if some, you know, somebody happens to be an amazing, beautiful single sister. I don't know, you know, the relationship status of everybody here, but let's Just say present company. You keep Looking over there though. Why you didn't look, look, You look at her because she said you had a sassy neck. So She's, she's Immediately the most entertaining person at this table. I wanna ask you about imposter syndrome. Yeah. And when you, when did that, like when did you get past that?


Or where did you deal with that at all yourself? Absolutely Deal with it. Everybody deal with it. Everybody gets to a point where they feel like, yo, do I belong? Right? Do I deserve to be in the most important spaces? And I've been very, very fortunate to be in some incredible rooms with some people that are, you know, some of the most powerful people from around The World. And as I said, what I realize is that when I walk in those rooms, I cannot question if I'm supposed to be there. I need to realize what is it that I have that nobody else in this room has. And how can I double down on that? Right? So black man, African American filmmaker in Hollywood, not a lot of folks at my level in the rooms that I'm in, oftentimes it's all white people in those rooms.


What I choose to do, instead of saying, okay, I'm the only black person in this room. I know they racist, I know they looking at me a certain way. I know they have a negative perception. I'm walking in the room and I'm thinking, okay, you know what? I'm bringing something that nobody else can bring. When I talk about my perspective, when I talk about my, my audience, when I talk about my community, nobody else can debate me on that because I'm the only one with that lived experience. Whatever it is in the rooms and the circles that you're in, what's the unique thing that you have? And then you triple down on that. That will help with that imposter syndrome. The other thing is that you have to understand, like you don't have to be somebody that's just born with like an overabundance of confidence. It's something that you can build, but you do have to build it by putting a success.


With a success. With a success. Right? Like just like a ball. JG said, check with a check with a check. You gotta build the successes. And sometimes to do that, you gotta come back and not say, okay, my first success has to be so big. Right? Just accomplish something. I call it fabricating momentum. I believe that sometimes we get stuck on the first rung. The very first thing I'm trying to get started. I don't have any money. I don't know, people don't have a network. That's okay. Right? Don't make the first thing you're trying to do to, to, to climb the mountain. Right? That's a lot. That's a momentous task. Make the first thing, buy the shoes, hiking boots, then buy a rope, then drive by the mountain and look at it for, you know, you've done three things, right? Get started.


Do something that helps to build that confidence. We all need that. You have a chapter in the book? I think it's chapter 20. Yeah. Chapter 21. All you need is one white guy. Yeah. Get into that chapter a little bit. 'cause I know you just mentioned being the only in the room and kind of dealing with that. Like, talk to us a bit. Put that chapter in why, and kind of what your experience has been and why you titled it That. Yeah. The chapter Sometimes all you need is one white guy. And it's actually, the irony of it is that I'm saying that what you need is an advocate, right? Everybody does. Nobody, I don't care who they are, how successful they are, nobody does it by themselves. What I'm saying is that your person may not be white, may not be a guy, right?


And so when I came into Hollywood, there was a white executive, it was a white gay executive. He used to tell me that he felt like he was trapped in the body of a black woman. I said, okay, his name was Clint Cole Pepper. I said, Clint, first of all, don't tell nobody else that executive of all, we can get you some therapy to unpack that. But he was somebody that was an Advocate. Could he play spades? He was, he didn't play spades. He didn't know he could. He didn't go to Fa MU or nothing like that. But what I said was, you know, he wanted to make movies that were aimed at African American culture. And I was interested in being an African American storyteller. I made him look good to the studio. And so he then in turn gave me more power and more movies.


Remember that advocacy is a two way street. Oftentimes we have our hands out, I need somebody to help me. What can you do for me? The best way to get help? And the best way to find your advocate, right? Your quote unquote one white guy. I don't care what it looked like, it could look like Charlemagne could look like. Just, it doesn't matter. The point is to get that one person, you gotta add value to them. That's right. Make them look smart. Figure out what it is that they need. And then once you are able to help them, they're gonna wanna continue to help you. Right? This guy wanted to make movies that were similar to the ones I made. I made him look smart because I was able to make 'em for a certain number and they overperformed in terms of their budget. And so we made a bunch of movies together, right?


But you gotta figure out that person that you need. You gotta find that one person. Nobody does it by themselves. And whatever that person is, figure out how you can add value to their lives. Don't just think about what can you do for me? What can you do for me? No, that's not how the people at the top level think. Did he get out your way? Did he let you create or He absolutely did. Okay. Yeah. And it became a very semiotic relationship. It was a two-way street, right? So he was, he went out and got financing from Sony Pictures for the movie. Some of the early, like if you look at my think like a Man's No Good deeds, obsessed takers, anybody that remembers those movies, those are all movies that opened number one at the box office. Those were movies that I made when I was at Sony Pictures. And these are movies that he financed, but our very first one he gave it was called the Gospel, right?


The gospel. It was a gospel music movie. It had star Idris sba. It was Iris's first movie off the Wire. Boris Kojo had all the gospel stars in it from, you know, Kirk Franklin and Yolanda Adams, Fred Hammond, everybody. And he gave me a budget to go out and do that movie totally on my own. I did not go spend the money frivolously And I did not go spend the money and not return it. I went out, spent that money on a $3 million movie and it made $15 million. It's not all the money in The World, but that's five times what they spent on it. So he looked good at the studio. And so they said, oh, that's great. Who is this guy that you're working with? Clint? He said, oh yeah, that's my guy.


We want to make something else. And he continued to feed me dope as I continue to make him look good. Dope. Now your book is motivational and inspirational, right? But it leans on comedy too. You love comedy. 'cause the interesting thing is the back, the quotes, you got the quotes from Kevin Issa. Yes. Kerry Washington Elba. Yeah. What made you do that? That's Funny. Iris's quote is that I did not authorize Will Packer to use my name in this book. And he did it anyway. That tells you all you need to know about Will Packard. That is a hundred percent true. All those quotes are true. Okay? Because I come at Kevin pretty hard and, and so he said, you know what? I don't have to like this And I don't have to laugh at it. So if you look at the quotes, I reached out to my industry friends And I said, just be honest.


Steve Harvey's quote is by my book first and then by Wills. That's hilarious. You know what I'm saying? That's how you plug yourself. That's very much how Steve acts. Yeah. But you know, for me it is, a lot of it is told through humor, it's told through comedy. I have had an incredible career. I look back And I can't believe it's been 30 years in the game. I can't believe I've had the success I've had. That is because of the people listening to this show. It's because of you all in me. Come on the show. It's because of the support of the audience. But the reality is that I have been through some shit, man. And so telling it, now I can look back with levity and with light, and now I'm saying, okay, learn from what I went through. You know what I'm saying? Learn from that moment when Kevin Hart left me on the set of ride alone to go shoot a standup special and almost sunk the whole movie.


Damn what? Emini here. I don't wanna hear you talk bad about Kevin no more after reading chapter 22, Which was chapter 22. Chapter 22, if all else fails, open a fruit stand. Yeah. The benefits of field assist. Yes. And I don't wanna give it all away. Yeah. But I'll Just say, you got into Jamaica with an inspired Passport. I snuck into a foreign country. Oh my. And You called Shayla to fix that problem for you. I, going into a country with an expired passport isn't, fearlessness is Criminal. It was not the smartest thing I've done, done, done. I got Shayla behind you. I death, criminal, And I had just Started. Shout out to Shayla. It was, you know what the point of that when you read that chapter, sir, is Sometimes you can get away With crime. No. That is not the point of it. And that is not what it was. It was the fact that I was first, it was one of my first dates with this new woman that I had met and met this amazing woman named Heather.


And man, you sneaking into the country. You know what I'm saying? Listen, you know what it was, Jess, we got to the counter and my passport was expired because with a passport, you know, it's, it's like seven, eight years or something, right? Yeah, that's good. But that's also the problem. You don't think about it. Right? I got to that counter and they said my passport was expired. This my first trip outta town and I'm trying to be impressive. And she looking at me like, oh, I'm with that guy. I'm with the guy that don't even have an active passport and no, check this stuff out and you will pack it out. I what? So I was like, I got to figure this out. So I had do tell the story about how I snuck in. The bad thing was that I was able to get out of America. And I didn't think about the fact that once I got into the country, my passport was still expired And I would've preferred to be an American jail versus a Jamaican jail.


So I kind of didn't think it all the way through. But here's the point. We all have situations, right? Life is hard. Yeah. Where we have to then decide after we are in a situation that we can't control. Because once I got into Jamaica, I was there. I had the best vacation ever. Mm. Because at that point, you gotta go hard. So I encourage people, right? There are times when you get into a situation that you just gotta say, you know what, there's n. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior.


A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need.


We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table.


At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details. Ready to celebrate The magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues.


Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com. Nothing I can do, but live my life to the fullest in this moment. Don't stress about it. Don't get anxiety about it once you're in it. Once I was in Jamaica And I snuck in, I knew I might go to jail. I said, said, yo, I'm gonna have a good ass time. Well, you had to go hard 'cause her group chat, you ain't wanted to tell her friends she ain't passport. Like what? But, but I locked that down after she's my wife now. That's right. That's Heather. She is here with me right now. But look, did you tell your friends? Yes. She Told us and Heather, you were an accomplice. I just want you to know that you can Oh yeah. Heather. Heather, definitely. Yeah. She had to flirt with the Jamaican dude to help us get into the country.


I know. I didn't wanna say all that. No, no I did. I definitely, I definitely threw my wife out there. It's not one of my proudest moments. I said, baby, you gotta do what you gotta do. When Kev wanted to go do his stand standup and go to the party afterwards, no. Yes, we here Now was, was completely irresponsible. Do not try to defend that man. He was irresponsible. He knew exactly what he was doing. It was the biggest movies is our careers and he overbooked himself. Come on man. Man, that was the biggest moment of Your career or life with Heather, you 15 years later. It was. It was. And it panned out. Exactly. And one thing I will say about Kev, if anything, he works too hard. Right? It wasn't, it wasn't malicious in what he did. He overbooked. 'cause he does work too hard. And that's the other thing, the most successful people who have accomplished things that you may look and say, how do I get there?


The only difference between them and you is just that they haven't stopped. That's it. Mm. They just keep going. They've made all kinds of mistakes. Right. They've had to pivot. And I always say giving up and quitting are two different things. Never ever, ever give up. But you can quit. Right? You might be doing something the wrong way. You might need to quit. Everybody I know that's really successful has quit doing something some way and pivoted the power of the pivot, but never Give up. I wanna get to the audit of the pivot, but first I wanna ask you about the chapter that says stay in your lane. Yeah. Just Just make it wide. Yeah. You know, lean into your thing. Yes. How does one avoid being typecasted by leaning into their thing and when do you know the pivot? Yeah. You know it. The whole point of that chapter is about when you have something that you do really, really well.


Because many times people are afraid of being locked into something that people will think, that's all I can do. Right? Right. But if you do that thing and you do it really, really well, do not stop. Okay? Don't stop. The most successful people have a thing that they do and they do it well. Then they use the ability to be successful in a lane to go out and do something else. I'm only able to write this book with a major publisher because I've been very successful in a particular medium. Right? True. Now I'm able to go and do other things. So don't worry about that. Oh well I can do so much other stuff. What's the thing you do really well? Do that. Triple down on that. Be the best person in that particular field.


And by the way, find your passion within that. Right? Too many times people are telling me, well I'm not passionate about something. I gotta wait to find my passion. And before I go out and you know, work really hard and I'm telling you, you're building a brand from day one, work hard today. I didn't have a passion to be a filmmaker, I will admit that. Really? But I was, I did not, that was not my dream growing up. But I found that I was really good at knowing how to hire actors and raise money and self distribute. And then I found the passion in storytelling later. So I found the thing I was really, really good at and then I found my passion within it. I encourage people to do that.


Don't worry about being typecast. Stay in your lane. But you can make it wide. Right? I'm not trying to pigeonhole you and I'm not trying to limit what you can do, but stay in your lane. Too often we are trying to do too much. And now you can't be the person that's doing everything the best. That is just not how humans work. What's the thing you do? Well triple down on that So you don't pivot. So, so once you've leaned into your thing and you find that thing, there's never a pivot from that thing. It can be a pivot where you use that thing, you use your ability, you use your brand, you use the fact that you have got credibility in a particular space. You have done the exact same thing. You use the fact that you have credibility in one lane in order to then expand your lane.


Right? But it should still all be about, this is the thing that I do. That's why I say stay in your lane, but make your lane wide. Is there ever a time where like you're 'cause Emini here I'm look, I remember when you told the story about Kevin the last time you guys were here. Yeah. And now I'm seeing it in context of this book of like, Who Better Than You? And I feel like in that moment he had the arrogance to be like, I can do both of these. I'm gonna be fine and it's all gonna work out. But things like that can kind of get pretty tricky. 'cause what if it hadn't have worked out? Right? Is there ever a moment where you have to tell somebody who's coming to you for this type of Who Better Than You advice? Like maybe this is not it for you right now. Maybe there's someone better than you right now, but that doesn't mean later you might not be able to have that. Who Better Than You Eric? You have to be honest with yourself, number one.


Right? We live in a world where people think either they are too great or they are too awful. Rudy Kipling has a poem called If. And my favorite stanza in that poem is if you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two imposters just the same, that is saying that both triumph and disaster are imposters. Neither of them are real. Right? Too many times because we post something on social media, everybody tell you, oh my God, you the greatest thing ever is so good. Or the opposite, they just hating on you, telling you how awful you are. Neither of that is true. You gotta stay even keeled.


So the first thing you gotta do is be honest about you and your skillset. It's the only way you're gonna get better. Don't worry about external factors. You gotta have a very honest conversation. One of the things I talk about in the book is how we have to make sure I'm a daily affirmation type of person. You are there encouraging yourself, right? Giving yourself positivity, telling yourself how you're ready, how you're prepared, what you can do. But also being very, very honest with yourself. I don't care what you tell The World. Don't lie to yourself. Lie to your mama. Lie to your cousin, lie to your boyfriend, girlfriend, husband, wife. Do not lie to yourself. Be very, very clear about what it is that you do. Well, You know? Yeah. I wanna talk to you about the Packer family motto too.


If you want to have what others want, you have to do what others don't. Yeah. Yeah. I see you got your mom with you. Did That come from her or, yeah, I got moms. I got, you know what, it's something that mom instilled in me. You know, when I was growing up, mom and dad, they, they took me like, you know, like Sim and the Lion King and lifted me up and said, you know, whatever the son touches is your son. Like, I encourage my folks with kids do that. Tell your kids. 'cause that's when they're the most impressionable. Tell them they can do anything. They told me that. And so I was very audacious growing up with my family. It's me, my wife, we have four children. So that's the six pack. If you want to have what others don't, you have to be willing to do what others won't. Period. That is the mantra. The mantra is that understand whatever it is that you want to do.


If anybody else can do it, then it's not special. You're not gonna get it right. You're not gonna get something that's unique. You gotta be willing to do what others are not to get that thing. And I believe that the more you do hard things, the better you become at hard things. The more hard things you do, the easier, hard things become. So don't run from doing hard things. Don't run from doing the things that everybody else says is crazy. That's the only way you're gonna get strength. And to build that muscle is by doing those hard things. Why I say dream big? Because your dream has gotta be so big because there's gonna be challenges along the way. It's gotta be so big that it pushes you past those challenges inevitably.


Because if the dream is just a mediocre dream, like man, it'd be kind of cool to do that. Then when you run into a speed bump that's really hard, you're gonna say, you know what? It ain't worth it. I'm cool. Right? But if the dream is so big, right? Emini here, so big four color four H, 4K hd like super crazy beyond your wildest dreams big. Then when you do hit that hard moment, those challenges, you know, it's worth it to keep going and keep fighting because the dream is big enough. Mm. Is is Will Packer allowed to turn his own book into a movie? Yeah. Or limited series? Yeah. Yeah. Emini here it's I'm Will Packer. Okay. You know, I can, did you think about doing that? I could do that. I saw Heather in the background instead.


You Know what Heather say in the background? I don't know. I just saw something. Oh, it was, oh, I was giving a lie. Like maybe, no, don't do it right now or something. I, you know what I, I'm, I'm, I made this book not to turn into a movie or a TV show. You never say never. 'cause you know, one of my biggest movies is Think Like a man Steve Harvey will tell you he never thought of that as a movie. Never. He never wrote it for that. I wrote this to give the master mentorship that I didn't have. I have people coming to me a lot and saying, tell me about your success story. Tell me about your failures. Tell me about what you had to overcome. And so when I tell these stories, right? And I talk about, you know, Beyonce turning me down five times, or, or, or, or Idris Selva, you know, almost not walking the carpet at the first Emmy's and how you get past that.


Like when I tell these stories, I'm doing that so that other people can benefit from them. So I could turn it into a movie, but that's not what I made it for. I literally made this book so that I could influence other folks who are either on their way up thinking about making a pivot or living a life that they know could be a little more fulfilling. You said you gotta leave 9 45. Is that true? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure we do. 'cause we, it is a tight Schedule. Lemme ask you a question. Why don't you rep the Bucks anymore? Will I see you screaming Atlanta Falcons all day, every day? Everywhere you go. I know you're a minority owner. No, no, no. Don't do. I know. Say don't, don't. You said, why don't I rep the bucks? So you can't context it out before you gimme a chance to answer the question.


Here was the time when you were the only Buccaneers fan. I knew that many people knew. Now I'm like, wow. He Didn't even rub him up. I was Well 'cause there's levels, sir. And I'm glad you brought that up because there's levels, there is fandom. Okay. And I have nothing but respect for my fans. But sir, you of all people know that there's also a level called ownership. That's right. And I wanna show people that I don't care how high you can jump, how fast you can run. My 40 time ain't shit. I'm sure, I'm sure my left hip would have something to say if I tried to get out on a track. Right? I can't throw a ball far to save my life. I definitely can't dunk. However, I am in a sports franchise. I am sitting in the owner's booth and in the owner's box, I want other people to see that possibility.


And Arthur Blank, the majority owner of the Atlanta Falcons gave me that opportunity. Now, in real talk, Charlamagne, one of the things that I really want to impress upon people I talk about in the book is that you never know who's watching. Mm. And that idea of always building your brand, like keep stacking the bricks. Okay? I never thought that I was gonna be a a an owner of a football team. You said you were walking around delivering newspapers. I was literally delivering the Atlanta Journal Constitution newspaper. I was delivering them door to door. I would get up at 3:00 AM every morning. I would get in, roll my papers, put 'em in the back of my Honda Civic, And I would go out And I had to have 'em on everybody's porch by 6:00 AM I knew my route. That's what I did.


Right? At that time, I definitely wasn't thinking one day I'm gonna be sitting in the owner's box at the Atlanta Falcons. But you know what I did? I was the best damn newspaper delivery guy that the Atlanta Journal constitution had 'cause it. My name was on it. So I gave it 110%. And so over a lifetime of always going hard, I then put myself into position when somebody in power said, you know what I'm looking to add to my ownership group. My name came up. Mm. I made the cut. A lot of people wanted to be in that position, but I made the cut because I had built a career that allowed me to do it. When you go out and work hard and build a career and a meaningful life, you never know how it's gonna manifest. Mm. But that's why ire the Falcons, sir.


I Love that. But what at, at what point did you say, you know what f y'all bucking is? It's over. Well, I don't think you have to say f anybody, but I just have to say rise up and I'm rooting for the, for the Falcons. Damn. Because that's where the opportunity came. I have not seen you rep the buck since they won the Super Bowl, Brother. I am a part owner of the Atlanta Falcons. What part of this don't you understand, sir? You're absolutely right. I'm you're absolutely right. What is he Doing Absolutely right. It's levels. You're right. Are you trying to get to ownership revoked? What's Happening? Listen, I'm happy that you have Who Better Than You. You know what this is Trying to get Who Better Than You Is the Cowboys fan. That's what that is. Went out and hired that coach that nobody's excited about. Oh my God. And they just, Oh my Jerry Jones.


And as long as he around, You know, Hey man, if somebody wanna make me a minority owner, I'm ready to denounce them too. I'll denounce the cowboy in two seconds. Okay, will Packer new book, Who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big Out right now. Always a pleasure to see you go out there and buy this book. Make it a New York Times bestseller, man. Appreciate you, Fam. Absolutely appreciate you, man. Thank you. Thank you all for having me, Charlamagne. And thank you because you are somebody that you know. And I told you this, we, we saw each other at the Democrat National Convention And I told you I had written my first book And I was inspired by your books and by reading your books dope. And just seeing that process and the grind that you put in so you never know who's watching and who you're inspiring. Thank you my brother. Thank you my brother. Thank you for having me. It's The Breakfast Club.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals, and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life Is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. Who do you know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary.


Sponsored by future health


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.