
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off. Select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers. Woo, and my stockings. Looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon now


Welcome to The World of B'S Ultra Open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024, which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess h Charlamagne. Ne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. We have Elliott. Connie, welcome back brother. How, how Are you feeling, sir? I'm doing great. I'm doing very well. Thank you. Thank you, man. It's good to see you. You got a new book out now. Change your questions. Change your Future. Overcoming Challenges and Creating a new vision for your life. Using the principles of Solution focused Brief Therapy Facts. Yes. What a title. Yes, just what a title. So what does all that mean? You know, it means I've been a practicing psychotherapist for don Don't Know nearly 20 years, and it's been an amazing ride to like watch people heal and overcome like some things that you wouldn't imagine people get healed and overcome.


And as I sat there on that 20 year journey, sitting there front row and watching people grow, I started thinking like, what's the commonality? Like, how do people do this? How do people change? And how do people overcome challenges? And people who are successful and people who are able to achieve things in spite of obstacles have a tendency to ask themselves different kinds of questions. So I decided to write, write a book about it. Like I've written several books, but most of 'em are for professionals. But I decided I wanted to write a book about change and about how people talk to themselves and about how successful people have a tendency to ask themselves different kinds of questions that lead to their success.


And when I say success, I don't mean like millionaires, I just mean people that achieve whatever their aim is. If it's overcoming addiction or becoming successful business person, whatever it is, success is defined by people who set a goal and achieve it. So what is it that makes some people succeed and other people not? And after all these years of practice, it's, they talk to themselves differently and they ask themselves different kind of questions. What's the most common question that successful people ask themselves? The, oh boy, that's a good one. The most common question that successful people ask themselves is, what do I want? Most people do not ask themselves, what do I want? Most people spend a lot of time thinking about what they don't want and try to avoid it. People who achieve aims and goals are the ones who are able to set a goal and ask themselves like, what is it that I want about this goal?


And once you do that, you become capable of achieving it. I Tell all the youngs that you gotta find that one thing that you want to do. And when you find that one thing that you want to do and you focus on that, everything else falls in place. A hundred percent. I mean, I tell people all the time, like, you don't get into a taxi cab and the cab driver doesn't ask you, where do you not want to be? Like if the cab driver would to ask you, where do you not wanna be that doesn't give that cab driver any information. Yeah. The cab driver asks you the single most important question ever. Where are you going? And then you answer that question, you would never say, I just wanna be not here. You know what I mean? Like, you don't say, I just don't wanna be in the Bronx. You, you don't ever say that. Captain Driver says where you headed. You don't say like, not here.


Like, that's just not what, that doesn't help but think about that. Like most people say like, I just don't wanna feel like this. Or I I don't like this job. Or What job do you want? I don't, no, just not this one. But that's not good enough. You have to like, you have to really identify what's that thing I want to achieve and what's that place I wanna be and who do I wanna be in order to become that Man that's so real. And that's why like we, we have these conversations about manifestation. You can't just say, I want to be successful. No. Like What's the goal? What's the destination? What you trying to Do? That's right. That's absolutely right. You gotta think of the The. World is like a, like an algorithm that wants to give you what you want, but it will only reward the people bold enough to ask for it and ask for it in great detail.


And when you have like really granular, detailed goals, you're just significantly more likely to achieve it. And here's an example. When I was in high school, my obsession was to go to college and play baseball. Like that was my obsession. I knew that college was my ticket out of the situation. I was in And, I wanted to go to college and play baseball. So I remember one day I was a freshman and I'm walking to school and a couple of my boys came running up to me and they were like, yo, yo, yo, we, we just found so and so's dad's alcohol, we're gonna skip school. And, I. I was like, no. 'cause future baseball players in college don't skip school and drink. So I did not do it. And it's, it's like that, like when you have this thing in your, in your head, there's like a, like a guardrail that keeps you on the way to getting those things.


And just, most people don't, they don't ask themselves. They, they say, I wanna be successful, I wanna be famous, I wanna be a YouTube star. Whatever they say. But like talking about what Or doing what or impacting who, like you have to be re Specific, Really specific. So I was gonna ask when when you do have to be that specific, right? That means you have to do a lot of work on yourself. 'cause like Charlemagne said, most people I don't think realize what they want. Sure. They wanna be rich or they wanna be have a lot of money. They want a big home. They want a nice car. So that requires the work. And, I think a lot of people don't necessarily know what they wanna do. Like if you ever ask a high school student or a college student or somebody that graduated college, what do you wanna do? And usually it's, I wanna make money.


It's Literally my job. Yeah, you're right. Right? I I ask these people all the time and they all say, I wanna make money. I wanna be famous. I wanna be an influencer. I want a podcast. I want a podcast. What? I wanna be A rapper. I No, I'm just kidding. I don know About that one. I don't hear that one as much, But I You know. I always, I I wanted to ask you as well, You know, we had Dr. Cheyenne Bryant here the other day. Yeah, I saw that. And she was talking about change behavior. Yeah. Opposed to we were talking about men doing things in relationships. It came from men. So if a man is a womanizer or a man is an abuser, she was saying that she feels like men don't change. They just shift and pivot. What's your thoughts on that?


You saw The clip, right? I saw the clip. I very much disagree with her when she says, like people, she said, people don't change. And respectfully, like, I don't, I don't want to talk down about anybody but therapist. Beep Beep, Man, I got enough of that in my field. I certainly don't want that with the good sister, Dr. Bryant. I heard her say that like, people don't change. She was like, I don't change it. But that's, that is actually not true. So we have to go back to what's the definition of change? So like, here's an example. Recently I've been taking my health more seriously. And, I gave up soda, fried food, candy, working out. When you do that, my, my body chemistry is different.


If you did a cat scan on my brain now versus six months ago, it looks different. Like, wouldn't that be definable, noticeable, observable change? And we often use phrases like, you are what you consistently do. So if I change what I consistently do, don't I change who I am and how I show up in this world? I think it's a very disheartening thing to say, people don't change. They shift. Like, what if I've had a really hard life, trauma, abuse, tragedy, And, I cope with that, comma, trauma abuse and tragedy with drugs and alcohol. Are you saying I can just shift, I can't actually transform and become a healed human and outgrow the problems that, that plagued my life and led to these addictive behaviors like that.


That's wildly inaccurate. And and you recently becoming a new mother. Yeah. Again, you're not the same person as you were before this person. Like, wouldn't we observe that as change? Absolutely. Yeah. Like that's, that's just a different thing. I Think she was saying that you have to make these shifts in your life before it lead to actual change. But I don don't, I don't actually don don't know that that's true. I think, I think the first step in change is, it goes back to what we were saying before. It's identifying who you want to be. And once you identify who you want, you want to be, then the, the next steps become very obvious. Like you now identify as a mom of two instead of what you were before. Yeah. Which is mom of one. And at some point in your life, you were mom of zero.


Yeah. And that's gonna impact your choices. So it, it really starts with how you, how you identify and, and what and what you do. So when she said that, I was like, oh man, You know me. Sometimes I'm screaming at the computer like, You know, but I, I just, I really disagree with her. Yeah. I think the greatest capacity that human beings have is the ability to transform their circumstances. And we do that by the way we identify. What about if you, going back to what we were talking about before, Dr. Bryant, what about if you don't know what you wanna do or what about, or what if that changes? What if you get into something and then you're like, Ugh, is this what I really wanna do? Or like, how do you get out of that? 'cause then you can land yourself in a funk. You can be depressed or You know something like that.


Right? Well, so I I think there's two questions there. Like, what if you don't know what you wanna be, I know a really good book that people should read that'll help my 10 testify. Change your questions, change your future by Time. No, no. But seriously. Seriously. But I mean, if you don't know what you wanna be, you should explore and you should try things. And you should ask yourself the kind of questions like, like what difference do I wanna make in this world? What impact do I wanna have in this world? Who do I want to have an impact upon? How do I wanna wake up and spend my days? And when you ask yourself those types of questions, it informs what you want to do. I don't wanna wake up and like, I like to cook, right? I'm pretty good at cooking.


I don't wanna wake up and serve in a restaurant, but I know people who do. I wanna wake up and help people overcome life's circumstances. Yeah. So I became a psychotherapist. And the second thing is, I don't know that if you end up in the wrong situation, you end up in a funk or depressed. I think you have to have a, a realization that I can't discover who I am without trying all kinds of things. And then, then having the boldness to say this doesn't fit. And then having the boldness to fight for the things that do. Like, once I decided I wanted to become a psychotherapist, it wasn't like the path was easy. In fact, it's been very, very challenging. First of all, I had to get a master's degree and that required two degrees, And, I don't know a lot of people in my family or environment where people were getting master's degrees.


I had to get a license. I had to study and work and, and then You know when I showed up in the psychotherapy field, And I, I say this all the time and people don't really believe me, but when you're in graduate school studying psychotherapy in 2005, there are zero, literally zero African American faces that you study in those books. So do you think the the white status quo in the field was very excited for this black dude to show up and, and start writing books and start showing up on stages. Like, it's been a really hard, but I know this is my place. So you have to have the boldness, like, this is where I am and I'm going to fight for it. And, and all three of you, and in many different environments, comedy, business, music, radio and television, like you've all been wildly successful.


And I would venture to bet it hasn't always been easy the whole the whole journey. No, not at all. Not at all. And, I, And, I. Think that goes back to also the question that we ask. Like, people look at your life or your life or your life, and they're like, I wanna be, I wanna be just hilarious. I wanna be a really famous, really great comic with beautiful skin. Thank you With beautiful skin, Because that's not easy either An a dope new child. Yeah. But they do. They look at her life and they're like, who I want to be like that. And then they start trying to replicate.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers. Woo. And my stockings looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon.


Now


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


It's almost here. The next Black Friday sale. The biggest sale of the year starts this thursday@knix.com. Don't miss your chance to save up to 60% on innovative intimates like leakproof underwear, wireless brass, shapewear, and more. Everything will be on sale. Millions have made the switch to N'S revolutionary period underwear, and there's never been a better time for you to try them too. During the Black Friday sale, save up to 60% on super comfy machine washable and stylish leakproof undies. Plus shop the best deals of the year on N's bestselling assortment of wireless brass, including the wing woman and revolution bra. So mark your calendar for this Thursday and head to nix.com. That's KI x.com. For the K Nix early Black Friday sale. Save up to 60% off everything, including leak proof, fundies, wireless, brass, activewear, shapewear and more. It only happens once a year@knix.com. Don't miss this.


Who just hilarious is, but like how many comedy clubs did you work at when there was 10 people in the club or you had to drive there and they didn't even pay you gas money to cover. Yeah. A lot people don't wanna replicate the journey, right? They wanna replicate the outcome. That's right. But if I want to be just hilarious, I have to change my question and ask like, what, what street did she go down to get to the ultimate destination where she got And? I've gotta be willing to go down that same street. Mm. And that's not, that's not an easy thing to do. I mean, that's a, that's a hard, hard road to Do. Absolutely. Yeah. In chapter five, you talk about being difference led. What, what does that mean to be difference led? Yeah. Like Real, A really, really powerful question to ask yourself, or in my case when I ask my clients is what difference would that make?


So if, if I identify that I wanna be a, I wanna have a successful podcast, you should ask yourself like, what difference will it make in my life to have a successful podcast? Because difference leads to motivation. Now you have 10 jobs, right? But let's imagine the only job you have is comic and you're tired and you're like, I don't wanna get on another plane. don don't wanna get another bus. I don't wanna take another stage. But if I were to ask her like, what difference would it make if you continue to do that, she's inherently gonna think about these two babies and she's gonna think about my ability to pay for their future, that college, whatever. And that's gonna increase her motivation to do really hard things for the betterment of her life, the betterment of her children. That's real. And most people don't think about difference.


They just think about like on a very surface level, the thing that they want. Yeah. And I think we should spend more time thinking about difference. What would you say to people who are experiencing grief due to vice President Kamala Harris losing the election? Oh, that's a good question. I would say like, honor your feelings. I, I would say You know this is a hard time depending on what, what you thought about the election and who you were passionate about or whatever. I would say honor those feelings. But then I would also say, turn that grief into action. Turn that grief into, into something you can do. I think the most powerful, the most powerful way to deal with grief is with hope.


And a powerful way to deal with grief is with honor. So one really good example is a grief that I've had in my life is my uncle Jeffrey passed away and he was my uncle. Just to make a super long story really short, I grew up really depressed and anxious from a difficult childhood. And my grandmother and her ultimate wisdom knew that one of the things that would help Elliot feel better is if he knew how much like his uncle Jeffrey, he was. You know when you grow up and you're super isolated, you just don't feel like you belong. And my grandmother sent this dude to come hang out with me. And I felt like I had a place in this world. And I was in Denmark teaching. In 2017, And I got this horrible message on Facebook.


I learned that my, my, my uncle passed away on Facebook. Mm. And You know my uncle. He was a big kid, man. And he would've loved all this stuff that's happened. Like I've signed TV deals and got shows and development and books and hanging out with you and doing all kinds of stuff. He would find that stuff so fun. So the way I deal with the grief is like he's mentally coming along with me for the journey. That that's how I honor him. So we also, if you're grieving in post-election, like how do you honor whatever motivated you? Like for me as an African American, I thought it was amazing to watch a black woman do some of the things that Kamala was doing. Like it was, it was an amazing thing.


I thought about my grandmother who never thought this would happen ever in the United States and to watch Kamala do what she was doing. So I thought it was amazing. And the way that I plan to honor that is by continuing to fight for a world where a woman is not voted for, for things that are A, not true, and B, she can't control. I had many, many people in the black community tell me, I just don't think a woman should be the leader of America. And I'd be like, why? Like, to me, it's wildly hypocritical for someone to say, my wi my my woman should be at home. Like as a leader of the house.


But then you say women can't lead and you don't want a woman to be in power. It's like those, those things don't, they're not congruent thoughts. So I think we have to honor the process and one of the ways I plan to do that is continue, continue to advocate for black culture and black women in particular. 'cause I think black women are, they need to be advocated for Yeah. And I think hope matters. Because hope allows us to think that there's opportunity for things to be different in the future. And we need to think about what kind of world we want to live in and do whatever we can in our small micro worlds and in our big macro world to advocate for the kind of world we wanna live in. I also saw you say that one of the biggest mistakes people are making is making emotional decisions when you should be making it based on discipline.


Yes. You should be making it based on discipline for sure. Expound on that. Yeah. Discipline. You know, I've heard somebody say And I agree. Discipline is the highest level of self love and you just can't achieve anything based upon emotion or instantaneous desire. You have to have your, the outcome you want in your mind all of the time. Like we, we landed late last night and me and my camera guys over there, we went for a walk in Times Square. And I had a really long day. And I was super hungry. And you walking around Times Square at midnight and you see a bunch of Nathan's hot dog stands and all kinds of crazy food. You can get anything at any hour in New York City. And, I, like my instantaneous emotional desire was to fulfill that need.


Like those french fries would taste good and the that hot dog would taste good. But my long-term outcome is about my health and who I want to be going forward. So true. I have to make a disciplined decision and a discipline decision. A decision that's in line with your stated, your stated goal, like the person you're trying to become. And an emotional decision is something that would just meet that need right now. Like it would've felt good to eat that hot dog, but I would've woke up with regret. I wouldn't have felt right. The momentum I've gathered over the past few months, I would've lost that. So it's just not worth it. So people need to make discipline decisions all throughout their life. And health is just one example, but like you guys all had to make discipline decisions on your pathway to where you ultimately got professionally and opportunities came your way.


That sounded good. But I can't do that because it's not moving me. Yeah. In this right place. And that's discipline. And neither of you would be in the position you're in without a high, high, high level of discipline. Absolutely. We just don't talk about it. We, yeah. Like if some, if someone were to ask Jess, like, how do you become a successful comedian? They're just thinking about how funny you have to be. But I, I know a lot of comedians and being funny is just a part of it. I mean that's just, that's a part of the whole Yeah. Amoeba of what skills you have to have to be a successful comic. And one of them is discipline. Absolutely not. I I wonder when it comes to changing your questions, do people have the emotional intelligence to ask the right questions?


And, and, and what I mean by that is You know you might automatically think somebody always trying to play you when things don't go your way. Right? So you like, yo, this person trying to play me You know what I mean? Like, all this person have something against me. Like to me that's sold a low level of emotional intelligence. Like you have to have a high level of emotional intelligence to ask yourself the right Question. I think that's true, but I think you can grow your emotional intelligence. I think, I mean, I think you're a hundred percent right people, people, something doesn't go their way. They're like so and so trying to get me, but And, I, I think you have to, you have to shift that. And one of the ways to help shift that is to read books like this, go to psychotherapy and realize that even if The World seemed to be against you, you still have a way to impact that.


You still have a way to make a difference in that. You still have a way to overcome that. I mean, I'm someone that over the course of my life, I have fallen in love with things, feeling like they're against me. I actually love the challenge of that. Now, And I couldn't have said that before, but I do, I love it when it's like the odds are against you and you don't really feel like you can, can see you can succeed. And the reason I feel that way now, And I haven't felt that way before is number one, because that's when I can prove my strength. Like if everything was easy, don don't get to prove that I have any level of strength. Like I want some pushback. And number two, I wanna make, there's some people that invested a lot in me, my grandmother, my mother.


Shout out to my mother, Jeanette, Connie, she would probably entertain that. I would say her name here. My aunt Lenny, like these people have invested a lot in me. So I actually like when there's a little bit of pushback because I get to show them what they taught me was magical and powerful. So you have to shift from like, the whole universe is against me to like, this is just an opportunity for me to show people how strong I am. This is an opportunity for me to show people that have poured into me that the stuff they poured into me was valuable. And, I use it. So you, you have to really change everything about your perspective. And I've, I've said this a lot before too, but you have to be super grateful. Like I'm now at a point in my life where I'm grateful for challenges because that's when I can see has all of this been worth it?


And now I realize it has like, it has been worth it to be able to push back when obstacles show up. And most people spend so much of their time entitled that they spend so less of their time grateful. And, I realize I'm not entitled to anything and I'm so grateful for every opportunity, every chance, people who are in my life, friends of mine, I will randomly text them, thank you for things because I just wanna be so appreciative of every moment that I've had because I think it's all a gift. Even the, even the challenges and the problems are, are all gifts. And how many of y'all like have gotten fired from a job or booed off a stage or whatever? And at the time it happened, it hurt and it was difficult. It was challenging.


But you look back and realize I needed that Process. That Was a good thing that had happened to me. It wasn't fun, it wasn't exciting. And, I don't want to go through it again, but I needed that in order to get to get here. Like, so I think we have to just shift And, I, think people can, I, I do think we kind of operate on a low level of emotional intelligence, or at least a lot of people do. But I think that can be impacted by doing things like educating yourself, feeding your brain quality things instead of playing around on social media. Like read a book like You know most successful people have libraries and unsuccessful people have televisions. Like they, that's a, that's a measurable wow piece of data that rich, wildly successful goal attaining people have more books and people who are not as successful watch television many more hours.


So, and that comes from, they're just feeding their brain better stuff. And what does that do that increases your level of emotional intelligence. Wow. How do they follow you Doc? Oh, Elliot, Connie, I dunno. You wanna call you doctor? How do Everybody do? Everybody does. How do they follow me? Go to Instagram at Elliot Speaks. Spell my name with two L's and two T's. You can follow me on Facebook. Just look at my name. Elliot Connie's not too many people name Elliot Connie, His new book is out now. Changing your Questions, change Your Future, overcoming Challenges and Creating New Vision for your Life, using the principles of solution focused brief therapy. Make sure you go get that and check out Elliot's podcast Family Therapy Facts on the Black Feather iHeartRadio podcast network.


That's right. Always a pleasure. My brother. It's Elliot. Connie, pick up the book. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Amazon's black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Shop great deals on Amazon.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover Today is actually Friday. So yes, happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Friday. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico. Feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992. Apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World, We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, my un deadly darlings, it's Theresa, your resident ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.