
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer it spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan and usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide, hence traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a P as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for More.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability at coke UL atl.com/studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up in The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. That's right. The good brother TK Kirkland. Ladies, Gentlemen. See to the mother Fing. K Yes. Yes, yes, yes. A summer visit from TK Kirkland means something big must be happening. And it is. Yes sir. Because You just announced the Catch me If. you can World tour. Yes. Be a live nation. Yes. We, we started in April, but I You know I always try to get to yo when I get ready to kick stuff off. But then with the kids and other stuff, I had to travel so everything worked out well. So I'm making a pit stop this weekend for the Stress Factory. 'cause this is my home.


This is the only date that video had And I had to come do Jersey. So that's why I'm here You know to promote that and to talk about the, the rest of the tour, which I'm gonna be in Houston next week at the House of Blues. And the 19th I'm gonna be at Elmos in Austin, Texas. So I, I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited. Charlamagne. Damn. You just turned 63 this year too. Dang. Yeah. Grasp happy birthday. What keeps you motivated, man? What keeps you going? Just, I just think it's in my DNA You know. And at one time I think we talked about I was gonna retire and then when you start realizing when you home for a couple days or a week, you go, wow, listen, And, I don't know.


You know. You're like, You. know what? I think I need to stay busy because I think that's the old mindset. People think they need to stay retired just to chill. But I think to stay youthful and active and live a long time, you actually have to be active and fit in your schedule. Working out and taking care of yourself. All the, and so I stay consistent with that. I wanted to ask you about You know comedians stealing jokes. Right? And it's, it's something that we always talk about all the time. You've come up here so many times and, and you probably were the first one to talk about signs of getting old and make sure you date somebody that knows the signs of getting older signs Stroke. Right, right, right. But I've been hearing that joke more and more and more and more and more.


Does that upset you when you, when you hear your jokes? Here's the thing, when I said that joke, someone said, Sinbad did that joke years ago. What people don't know about me, And I. Think Charlamagne could say. 'cause he's, he's worked with me a lot of times. I never watch another comic. Mm. I always stay out the room. So what happens as you get older in life and business, you talk about there's no comic that's not gonna talk about something that another comic has not talked about already. Of course it's impossible. Right? You and you, it's gonna be the same topic. It may not. Now If you do somebody's material joke for joke, for joke. You're stealing the joke. But If you dealing with a topic like we all, if we are comedians, you wanna talk about marriage, you wanna talk about marriage, I wanna talk about marriage.


Right? I can't stop you from doing that 'cause that's your story. Right. One thing that I do about my standup show is I read a lot and when I go and get on the mic, whatever happens, happens. I don't have a a set structure show because when I got my degree, it was, we were taught that when you give a speech, you never get the same speech for the same audience. 'cause every audience is different. Correct. So you truly have to be prepared for what's going to happen. So when someone distills something to mind, I'm not that petty. I I got so much material, like I'll do two, three hours on you in a minute. But when I have my own standup show, And I put comics on the show, I run a tight ship.


I talk about what you cannot talk about because most comics don't have a, have comedy iq. And Comedy IQ is like a a, a LeBron James, a Michael Jordan. They know a lot about the other players on the teams. Right. Well, comedians don't do that because comedians will be on the same show and wanna go right behind each other. And let's say something happened to Will Smith, someone doesn't talk to 'em as a team and say, yo, you talk about this, but don't talk about that. 'cause I'm the headliner. They all go on talk about Will Smith, they all go on talk about sex. They all go on. So the person in the audience, It's like, I'm tired of this. Hey Will, I'm tired.


Another Will Smith show. Are they Willing to listen? No. Like, are are the comics willing to listen? No. Comics don't wanna listen. What I, what I found out when I started structuring my show, they was, I was getting backlash. Go Tk don't want nobody to shine, but y'all know me for a long time. I worked hard to get my name on the marquee And I run my show the way I want my show ran regardless of if a person gets upset or not. Because I know the, the quality and the tech, the the how I want the show to run And, I want comics to you do this, my material, you do this, you do that. And then bam, I come on. And then it's a a complete show. And you A tough act to follow regardless. Tk. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


I don't play. You already know I bring the heat. Absolutely. Yeah. I bring the heat. Was it a concert or whatever? I bring the heat. And I. I saw you at Essence Fest. That had to be like a full circle moment. Listen, because you, you hosted the 30th anniversary of the Cash Money Millionaires. Yes. And shout out to Baby and Slim. We've been working on some other things and baby said TT you should do the the Essence Fest. And I turned them down. To be honest with you. I really, yeah. Why? I think when you get a certain age, is there some things you don't wanna do No more Essence is perfect. You said No. No, I didn't know. I haven't been to the Essence in 20 something years. Oh yeah. Because Essence is perfect. It it's, that's grown. They're skewing a little bit Sha skew a little low, older, younger.


Yes. But it's 25 65. But What I'm saying is how old were you guys 20 years ago? 20 in my 2026. Yeah. See that's when last time I was at the Essence. So it was a different vibe then, right? What you saying? Yeah, it was a different vibe. So I was like, ah, You know. So since we was working on some other stuff, it came back up again. And I said, yo baby, let's You know. Let's do the, the SSS. So we did the Ss s and he got me the host their YouTube celebration. 'cause You know Lyor Cohen and YouTube gave them a a a a an award as well down YouTubes And I hosted that, got to bring out the tux and all that kind of stuff and, and, and do something.


'cause I don't get a chance to wear suits that much. So that was a good feeling. So we were doing a lot of things together. And so shout out to Baby and no crew. What Are you doing with them? Because I I I I've been hearing that you might have a Netflix special coming. Yeah. But then I'm hearing you doing something with Birdman. So is the Birdman like a special? Yeah. What we gonna do is everything should be finalized soon, but we are gonna do it October 18th at the Fillmore and New Orleans and it's gonna be cash money presents TK Kirkland. Wow. So we getting ready to do something really, really huge and, and then we got some other big things that we're doing. So it's 90% done. But you went on tour with them back in the Day, right? I started with Cash money. Okay. And what happened was a man shout out to Ron Bird 'cause I was touring with Jay-Z a hard knock life tour.


And when we got down to New Orleans, Nelly, them was all on the show. And, but they didn't have nobody to host it. So I'm sitting in New Orleans, You know I'm an opportunist. So I said, Ron, y'all, y'all need somebody to go on. He said, you wanna go Up? Ron Bird was the tour manager. Right? Yeah. You know exactly who Ron Bird is. You know I was On that tour. You was on that tour? Yeah. Yeah. So I was on that Tour, right. Nelly Birdman fabulous. I was the Yankees. Yep, Yep. And Amarie. Right. And I went on and baby saw me and You know. He said, yo, they was about to do baller blocking. And he said, yo, what up Walter? He said, listen, yo, you the man. He said, ain't you that brother from New Jersey Drive? 'cause I was in New Jersey Drive. And. I said Yeah. He says, well we about to do this movie called Baller Block.


I want you to play a Cop and Baller Block. And You know they just came into a lot of money. So I was flying down there all the time. And when we got ready to do the set, I was in my dressing room and this one baby didn't really respect money 'cause he was carrying money around like Floyd Mayweather. So he came in with these two big bags of money and said, yo, how, how much I owe you? I said, the whole gimme the whole damn bag. So he just threw me a a a few thousand, I think it was like 10, 15,000 to do the part. And the rest is Sister. 'cause we was all me, Ron Bird, all of 'em. They went shopping that day. I'll never forget it. And he bought like six Bentleys at one time. Oh baby, baby. Why You say he don't respect money? Because, Because he was just throwing You know I'm old school.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know. I believe everything you make, you keep like he, I mean when the worst stunner really fits him. Yeah. Because he stunts Joe in a, in in a positive way. How would You tell these kids nowadays? Or just people in general, how would you tell them to respect money? That's a good question. Charlamagne. What kids to me don't think about as their future. Right? I think you get set up from the government. 'cause they, everybody gets their credit card. At least they use it back when you was 18, 19 years old. They send you this credit card to get mm have $2,400 on it. And kids, most kids in the hood don't never get that kind of money at one time.


So they go shopping, never pay the credit card bill. Now when you get older, you realize you wanna start getting your life to game. You wanna get your credit good. And you realize now that 2,400, it's 30518 cents. It was a set from the beginning. So what we wanna tell kids is think about your future. Because when you get my age and not even my age, you understand it better. But you can really start it in your twenties and thirties. Understand points and discounts. Now all of y'all travel a lot. Most of y'all in here travel for free on someplace good. You got miles and points. So when you run into a situation, you don't spend your money, you use your points to book them two round trip, two round trips, tickets to England or St.


Lu's or Jamaica or Hawaii or Africa. Right. You do that. So what we want the kids to understand is get your nice credit card, start building up, start going to different hotels and you might start a low and get the Marriott bomb boy and all that and build up points over the years. And as you get older you'll start having discounts. You'll get free airline tickets and bring your girl and when they upgrade you from a regular room to the presidential suite at the St re. As good as you are an elite customer. And that's the stuff I think that we had to teach people. Because one of my things I put in my act is were like, Rockefeller was so amazing.


He got most people thinking that most of the schools in Atlanta are HBCU schools. Rockefeller. Yeah. Watch the game. A lot of people think that Spelman is A-H-B-C-U school. It's not. Nah. You ready? Spelman's not A-H-B-C-U Watch what I'm about to tell you. You ready? Rockefeller Spelman is Rockefeller's wife. They dropped the Rockefeller Spelman. I don't know if any of this is true, but I'm listening. You Better Google it right now. I know what I'm talking about. Yeah. Lemme Google this right now. Yeah, Google it right in while we on the air. I'm listening. Yeah. While we on the air. Rockeller Spelman is Rockefeller's wife. Let me see.


Oh, Laura Spelman Rockefeller. Laura Spelman Rockefeller was an American abolitionist philanthropy school teacher and prominent member of the Rockefeller fellow family. Her husband was Standard Oil Co-founder John d Rockefeller Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia. And Lawrence Spellman Rockefeller Memorial with named for her. Okay. You learn something new every day. Isn't that something? Yo, That's crazy. So Spelman, the HBCU is named after a white woman. That's wild. I never knew that. You, You see what I'm saying? Right. Ain't that insane? That's wild. What made you, how'd you, when did you, when did you hear that? Like, what made you years ago? Because I read a lot and it, it, it blew my mind.


I read a lot too. But I ain't never read that one. That's what I haven't read every Book. Right. Isn't that amazing? Is it? In 1884, the school expressed this gratitude for Rockefeller's generosity by changing the name. Yeah. Spelman College was named, that was the Laura Spelman. Due to her significant financial contribution to the institution throughout her life. Laura Spelman was dedicated to social and educational causes, particularly for women in African Americans. Yes. So it's the HBCU. She just donated a lot of money to it. Right. Wow. They said Yeah. Could the rock, I knew this story. The Rockefeller family continued to donate 10% of their income to charity, including substantial donations to Spelman founded to educate black women. Wow. And wow other colleges around there.


Okay. It's just not Spelman. So it's just amazing things that happened in 18 hundreds. How The World can manipulate or change because we, there's just some things we just don't know. Yeah. Just like I read the other day and saw the, the first Bible that came out in 18 hundreds and how the, when we got colonized, how they changed all the black faces to white. Even the last supper was all black people. And it just, we just just totally just been manipulated. Now one thing I don't want to get into, I as a og, the things that I always talk about, you're talk, you don't talk about religion.


Politic and politics. Politics. That's the rule. So that's something You know. I just wanted to mention that just a little and move on. 'cause You know, Just to put it out there, there's Morehouse too. Henry, yes. Lyman Morehouse who was a, a Baptist minister from Stanford, New York. Yes. He's a, he's a white gentleman as well. Yes, he's a white gentleman. Why? I didn't name it out to him. Did they say? It doesn't say you gonna have me researching this all, research it all. But at least The, World is about to see something that, because I'm quite sure If you don't know a lot of, 'cause when I say it in my standup, people are blown away. I'm quite sure some people don't believe me. Like you almost didn't believe me until you Googled it. No, I didn't not believe you. I'm saying Heard that if it's true. But I'm saying people will feel the same way. But people don't have the the enough time when they in the show to Google it.


So they go out. Maybe he's telling the truth, maybe he's not telling the truth. So Yeah, it's crazy Man. And I saw you on VLA TV too. You said that Faison love stopped you from killing somebody, from shooting somebody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shout out to Faison and I'm always gonna show love to fa on. Back in the nineties I had some issues with some gentleman down in the comedy club. And I could tell the whole story what happened. You Gonna shoot a comedian? No, no, no, no. The owner. Oh the owner. Jesus. He going to the top. Damn. All The, because it was a hustling dude out of Detroit and he was You know he had influenced a lot of young men. You know everybody took the wrong side of that business instead of running a comic club.


They all thought they was gangsters. And I had went out earlier that day and wound up meeting this girl probably the night before. And we wound up having sex during the day. That's why I learned so much to this point in life that I try not to have sex before a show 'cause I'm just Tired. Tired. Okay. And me and this girl You know we threw down dog. It's like two, three o'clock I'm out. And I got three shows that night. And I missed two woke up panicking You know. And one thing about me, I always like to smell 'cause I'm still taking my shower. I ain't going out until I wash my ass. Right. So I get there and they all are in the office.


You know thinking that they tough not talking about tk what happened. I'm trying to tell her and one de punch me in my face for being late. For being late. That's my point. Okay. Now I had already caught a case here in New York with the puffy situation back in the day. Right. Hold on. You need to for people that are new here. Oh yeah. Because you said public s with everything going, That was the credit card fraud case that we had back in in the nineties. Right. And and once you go to court, your hands are tied because you on probation Now I was in a very crazy situation. I had the puff case here in 98, but a year before that I had caught a case in la So now New York was trying to convict me as a predicate felon.


Right. And a predicate felon in the state of New York is a mandatory four to six years. So I'm dealing with that. A lot of people got a pass in my lifetime is because I had something else over my head. And once you get in front of a DA or a prosecutor that really want to make an example, they wait. Yeah. They waiting for you to slip. You gotta turn the other cheek when people are putting you in a bad situation. So you gotta make good choices. How old Were you when he points you in the face? This was 40 something years old. And lemme tell you something. When you get hit in 40 something it hurt dog. Yeah. Especially when you ain't been hit in a long time. Yeah. Like it's a whole different type of feeling when you get hit like that.


And so what I did was I went to the whip. I just wanna tell you, I just think it's wild. Like he was 40 years old knocking off his stu tie. I thought this was like a 20-year-old thing. Like You know. You know you a little reckless. You knock off and get late. But you 40 years old. I was four coming to the club Late. Yeah. Coming. But I'm saying I had a little situation and Coming Back up. Was coming up, was coming up the blast. And Faison saw me, he snatched me up, got me in the car and he's driving yelling at me and Oh, he saw You with The gun? Oh yeah. He, I was getting, it was about to be on dog. Where'd you get when you was walking outta the street with the handle? No, no. I always, back then I was crazy. You know I always kept something.


And so did he Punch you and you left? Yeah, I left. The guys left. So I, I didn't yell and fight. I just knew what I was gonna do. So I went right outside. They wouldn't come outside. They was scared. So they wound up calling the police and everything and Faison snatched me up and got me out and he was yelling at me. 'cause Faison also was one of the good friends who wrote me a character letter for the puff situation to the judge here named Margaret who put fear in my heart. This woman has. So I could just tell she was tired of me. Because what happens when you go to court, they do care about that particular case.


But what they care about is your past. And her concern was how did he get away with all this other stuff? Like y'all should have stopped him years ago. And basically what she was saying is, the buck stops here. So I, she put fear me to the point that I had literally took a deal with New York You know to turn myself in in January. And I was gonna do the four to six years dog. And my business manager at the time, David Kleeman said they have underestimated you. So I'm still traveling. I go to Harlem.


No, I go to Vegas. If I lived in Vegas, I go to Vegas, I'm gambling And I meet this guy standing next to me and he happens to be an attorney from Long Island. And his name was Tony Capello You know. Now I'm thinking him in the, the Sopranos. Right. Tony Capello tell Capello. So he's talking to me and I'm telling him about this case in New York. And he said, well If, you help me out do this, I'll help you. So he got Tony Tuber and Frank Dodo is was his partner. I don't know if they still alive. And we work out a deal. I helped them out on the situation and they come to court. But this is what I tell 'em in January. 'cause I met them like in November. And I said, listen, when you come to Manhattan, you cannot come late.


'cause this lady was tough. He comes an hour late dog, but he's sharp. Got this little trench coat on his arm. And we was, we took my deal off the table and the judge was so mad, I didn't even know what that word, this word meant until she said it. She said, reprimand Mr. Kirkland. Put him in handcuffs. Took me in handcuffs dog and took me to Rikers for 30 days. Damn. Because I changed. I took the deal off so she wasn't playing. Now while I'm up in Rikers Island fighting the puffy case, puffy gets in trouble with Sean and Jennifer Lopez at the club with the gun.


So the same da people come to me that's trying to put me away. They want puffy that bad. So they come to Rikers Island and my attorney is there. They say, Hey, they wanna talk to you and well wanna know what you talk to the grand jury that you saw Puffy with the gun. And You know me being clever. I said, y'all get me outta here. We can talk about it. You know we can talk about it. So they took me from Rikers Island back down to the tombs. So You know the cos know you. Right? So they see the detectives every day like, yo, what's going on? So they taking me out and they got me in the black car and we going to the club where the shooting happened.


But they not telling me exactly what happened. They want me to read between the lines. So they're saying, you was here and Puffy was here. So I'm like, I was here, puffy was there. And they so You know I'm, I'm like going through it. But all this time for the three days they took me out. I'm getting Blimpes, I'm Getting Blimpes. You know. 'cause you in jail. The the, the food is horrible. So I'm like, I'm hungry, I'm thirsty. You know I'm eating my butt off. Right. You know, they take me back up to Rikers Island I think a week later,


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature With seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto, it's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/iphone for details.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's mit e.org/careers.


They come to me and my attorney says tk, they wanna know if you're going to help them with the grand jury. And I said no. Were You at the club that night? Nah, they wanted me to lie. Oh, Okay. So they wanted you to put yourself in the Club. Yeah, they wanted me to put myself in the club because that's how bad they wanted. Puffy damn. Yeah. They wanted him that bad dog. And I said, nah, I'm good. They was mad as hell, yo. I said, now I'm good. And I wind up getting that four to six off the table. I got five years probation and here I am a successful business standup comedian. Did you ever have that conversation with Puff and told, tell Puff what they were trying to do or no.


You never had that? No, we never, we never had that discussion. Uhuh. We never had that discussion. You Might've stopped Puff's reign to tariff. TK If. you have said something back then. No, but I wasn't there. It would've been a lie. So They put him in jail. Jesus You. know what I'm saying? Oh yeah, Yeah. Always that type of situation. Yeah. Yeah. I totally agree. It Might have put him in prison. Puff, puff. He's a legend. Terror. Yeah. But Puff is going through what he's supposed to go through. Does that make Sense? Yeah. See, in life you get so many chances to do. Right. And, and then because I've been there, you have so many chances to do. Right. If, you don't do right. The universe has a way of humbling you. Oh, I agree With that. Absolutely. The universe will humble you dog more than you meant. 'cause as you You know, we all successor.


Right? You get up certain days, you, you got your chest out a little bit more. Some days. You know you, you treat some people a little wrong. You know, sometimes You know it's just the way it is. Right. But you gotta take that moment to say to yourself, yo, I I'm blessed. That's not, that's not, that's not push this envelope because God can really take this away from you in two seconds, in a minute. That's right. And, and If, you keep treating people bad. You keep doing violent things to women. You keep being disrespectful. Now, don't get me wrong, you can do this maybe one year, maybe a week. Right. And then get your life together.


But If, you have a track record for years and you didn't figure it out. Ah, the universe will make you pay. And when that situation happened to me with Puff, what hurt me? Well, we didn't have social media then. But what hurt me, my mom found out because when I was doing crime before we didn't have social media. No one knew about your business. You could have shot somebody. Right? But no one knows what you did a week ago. So now this hit the news. Now the same people who love you and respect you, when you get in trouble, they're embarrassed. 'cause they whole career, they talk about how amazing you are, how blah, blah, blah.


And when you hurt them, it's a blow. And my mother didn't go to church yo for like six months. She stopped going to the same place to get her. She didn't wanna hear about it. Yeah, she didn't wanna hear about it. She was so, I had explained to her, I said, ma, do not be embarrassed. I said, you raised me right? I said, you raised me. Right. You know. So when someone says to you, just say You know he's his own man. That was his choices. And all those experiences made me who I am today. Right. 60 something years old. Humble, I'm respectful of life. And to still doing what I'm doing at my age is just in a, a total gift in shape.


Stay in the doctor's office, strong shoulders in the and Senior. Citizen and You know, Hey, you are considered a Senior. Citizen. I am a Senior Citizen. More years. I thought 65 is Senior Citizen. Yeah. You start at, you start at 55, you get your a RP card at 55 You know You know. And now I'm president of the Homeowner's Association. You know I got Medicare A and b plus my private insurance. And that's why I tell the young men to start stepping their game up. Because even though I'm in my six, I still can pull your girl. And they said, tk, what do you mean? I said, 'cause I could put your woman on my insurance. I said, y'all out here dating women because she got a tooth missing.


You know. I said, y'all out here dating women, you only got You. know I'm not against surgery. That's what you gonna do. But If, you can't get your If. you gonna get your girl a butt or she get a butt and you can't give her the extra few dollars to have the thigh to match the butt you got. It is not a relationship. And That's insurance is important. 'cause a lot of these women pH balance be off. Yes. They be having that little Yes. Fishy odor. Yep. But they can't even get To the doctor. They can't get to the doctor. Right. That's right. Yep. So that's the way I come in. You know, I I put 'em on my insurance. You don't want to ask you about, because you, you, you bought up Puff And. I just was thinking about like a lot of people from your era and people that you worked with. When, when, when, when I first met TK was when I was working with Wendy Williams. Yes. Yes. And you was hosting the It was her. She had a tour where it was Keisha Cole.


Keisha Cole, You and somebody else. What's the young man's name that got caught with the trans Bobby Valentino. Bobby Valentino Bobby, okay. Yeah. Was Bobby Valentino. All right. But So when you, when you see the situa, when you see how like things like Wendy had turned out. Like what do you think That isn't that amazing? Yeah. The consequences of your choices. See, everything is about the consequences of your choices. Some people only think, I I try to teach people not to think about tomorrow. I teach people to think about 10, 15, 20 years from now. You have to think that far in advance. All great people think that far in advance. What I mean by that, let's use football as an analogy.


Joe Myan, Tom Brady. When they play gangs, what makes them great championships? Like we are looking at the field. Most average quarterbacks only look six yards or whatever. But Joe Montana, Tom Brady, the whole stadium is their field. And give you example, I always tell people when I read this, saw this interview Joe Montana and the eighties playing against, it was San Francisco playing against Dallas. And they was losing this when the first time San Francisco beat Dallas NFC Championship game NFC Championship. Yep. And in the huddle, Joe Mattan said, Hey guys, you see John Candy up in the stands.


Like he was so comfortable that he wasn't caring about what was going to happen. He, he had saw John Candy and John Candy was big back in the eighties. He had saw John Candy in the stands. And that's the conversation he was happening having with his team and great athletes. Great people see the future. They don't think about like, my life is planned for the next 25 years. I know exactly what I'm doing. You know. And that's just something that keeps me motivated. I I know what I'm wearing on this particular day. That's how far events I think. And that's what people have to start thinking about. Some people don't think they're gonna die.


Some people don't wanna get insurance. Some people don't wanna work out. And all the young people today who are drinking alcohol all the time, You know what, they're not thinking about the consequences of the drinking. That's right. That's Right. The consequences of drinking years down the line. What it's gonna do to your body. And nobody cares. And I just want everybody to have a long life. Because the thing that I understand about this world is, and it is my understanding with the universe is as long as I live long enough on this planet, I'm gonna get everything that this universe has to give me. I will get everything I want. There you go. There You have, I'll get everything I want. I I wanna ask you about Phase on and Stephen a too, they were going back and forth about OJ being mentioned at the BET awards.


Yes. And. I. And how can I explain that? Faison has his opinion. Steven has, and what I wanna tell African American, Spanish, whoever are really rocking with black people, we know OJ killed a bitch. Right. Let's just do this like it's facts. He was Found innocent. Yeah, but lemme Watch where I'm going. Okay. Okay. You know, we know he killed a bitch. But O J's family You know you still invite the over for dinner. You know, but you hide the knives. Jesus. Jesus. He You hide the knives. You know Faison. My man Faison said exact way to say, man, Stephen A. Smith.


My man Shehe. I think men of power, I move differently. You know I'm quite, I think I'm older than those guys. When you, when you're black, I'm talking of a really black, I'm not saying they're not black coaches. You have a, a duty to protect your people. And when people come on there and you start talking crazy, you gotta say You know what? Not on this show, we are not gonna, we are not gonna do that on this show. 'cause we move a certain way on this show. That's my definition of a man that you hold everybody that comes on your show accountable. When you're talking about your culture and your community, it's very important because that's something that we don't do.


You know. Even though we might know that person is wrong. But in front of The World, yo, you got protect your people and that's Oh man a motherfucker. But in front we had to. 'cause that's what other races do. That's right. And when you think about other races, see the reason why black men are considered no good, just baby daddy is 'cause African American women talk to The World about how bad we are. But you don't know nothing about the Mexican man. You don't know nothing about the Indian India. Right. They don't talk about their and what I've learned in life, they're just as bad as we are. I see what you're saying. 'cause to that point we do, we, that does happen to us.


But black men do that. The black women You know when you historically bitches and ho listen You. know what I mean? Right, right, right. Black women don't listen and they won't admit and all that. Yep. We all talk about each other as a start. Now when I'm on stage, I use the word B-I-T-C-H-I-I use profanity. The reason why I do that, 'cause I wanna get my point across. But If, you notice when I'm on your shot, I don't use profanity. I don't curse in front of my children. My, my profanity is strictly for entertainment purposes. Because I mean, even what you said about oj, about Nicole Brown Simpson, that was, it was a Joke. Yes. And let's make sure, I'm glad you said that. It was a joke. Listen, people, that was a joke. Do not, do not come after me talking about oh my God, he insensitive.


He yo I don't want that problem. Yeah. And I. Hope they don't cut that part out. You know what I'm saying? Because You know how The World is. Right. They'll just use that part. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And everything else will, will have a problem. Yeah. That's why that's what you also said. It's hard to find good friends, man. Yeah. I think why, why do you think I's a tough thing to do? You know Charlemagne, we live in a world of habitual liars facts, habitual liars. And we all wanna do good because of our experience in life. And you meet someone and you feel something for 'em and you wanna get that person a shot.


They just caught you at the right time. Right. They caught you at the right time And you're like, yeah, I'm gonna give this person a shot. But you don't see it coming. So there's two lessons in this journey, right? Two lessons is once you find out that person's habitual liar, it teaches you to keep your guard up for the rest of your life. And you only gonna get played once. Not just when that person teaches you to be that way with everybody. 'cause it shows you that everybody has the ability to get you everybody female dude that got the, I'm not talking about to being robbery. I'm talking about your time. Talking about relationships and talking about finance business. Like people go into business with people. 'cause people don't take the time to get to know person's character.


Find out where they live. Every time somebody wanna do business with me, I say, yo, yo, yo, yo. Wait, wait, wait. Let's get to know each other first. But when people hear something good, they're like, yo, exchange numbers. Let's do X, Y, and Z. People not reading the contracts, people exchanging information. Ba Now you can't find them. 'cause they disappeared and people had to take, they time to get to know was going through DC and the guy saw me, I'm walking one way. He said, yo, I got a business opportunity. I said, why you wanna do business with me? I said, I don't know you. I said, no disrespect. I said, I don't know. You said, why would you wanna do business with me? Why would I wanna do business with you? I have never met your mother. I don't know where you are. I don't.


And that's my point. We have to stop that. We have to really get into finding how a person moves and, and life teaches you little things about a person. A person say that they successful. You gotta peep out they hands what kind of sneakers they got on. Are they a fast talker? 'cause some people, when they're a fast talker and run a lot of game, you say, oh okay, because I teach people who roll with me. What Do you mean when you say what they got on? Because when I was growing up, my daddy would point to these white men in my town Monks corner. Yes. And they would look regular as hell. And he'd be like, that's the richest man in monk's corner. He ain't wearing none of his money. But watch what I'm about to tell you. Okay. You could wear something simple but You know it's quality.


Mm. See when I'm in London, And I, me and my daughter, we went to go see the Mona Lisa and Sky, just a regular T-shirt. Jeans. It was kind of big. But we paid attention to the detail. He had the cuff but up right on the sneaker, I mean on his jeans. And it was Fendi. But when You know, You know. You understand what I'm saying? We, as you get older, you understand like see in your twenties, thirties and forties, you think people care. In your fifties and sixties you realize nobody gave a fuck. Nobody Gave a good job. Maria. I right. Yes sir. No one gave a fuck.


Yeah. You know. I drive everything from a Bentley to a minivan. Nobody cares. Nobody cares. I for real, nobody cares. It feels good for you. Nobody cares. Nobody gives a damn. Nobody going when you die. Nobody gonna be like he drove A bed. Right. Nobody cares. You Know. He wore Fendi Every day. Charlemagne, nobody cares. You know. Mm. And when you think about us as well, we all came up. We wore sneakers and shoes till the hole came in the bottom. Remember that back in the day, your sock be out. And I and all of us here together probably got 3000 sneakers. Easy. And don't wear none of them. Don't wear none of 'em.


You are not lying. Soon as soon as it gets a little dirty, go get another pair. Isn't that something They Clown me. 'cause I wear the same clothes out all the time. Smart. I Don't, nobody cares. Nobody Cares. Except as long as you Got on fresh underwear. I don't even know if he does that. He okay. Wear fresh, he'll wear that same t-shirt tomorrow. Okay. As long as his underwear game is good. Be like, I just like it because once I get comfortable, I'm comfortable. Listen to me. I watch you guys all the time like, like my brothers And I. See how comfortable you are. And only thing I can say about that. As long as you wash it. That's Right. If. you don't wash it. He can't wash it. He cant wash. Don't wash it. Wait that tomorrow.


Yeah. As long as you wash it with a little wool light and everything that don't lose color. You know. And you always smell good and you keep your nuts fresh. That's a lot. A lot of guys don't, the nut game is important that you, that you stay fresh You. know what I'm saying? Like a lot of, a lot of men don't understand that. Like you got to, when you roll up on women, especially you, you gotta smell amazing. That's right. You got to make sure everything about you is just on point. 'cause women like that, the young men today are so, I, I just don't think men, they like women. I think that You know they don't want take 'em out. They don't want to give 'em flowers. They like, yo, she could do that herself. I'm we and You know I had a conversation with this dude in Harlem.


He said, you ain't gotta do that. You know you ain't gotta do nothing for him. You could still, I say Yo, what, what? Who raised you this back to what I'm saying? And to the young men who are listening, it's not about about money, but you gotta have accomplishments and you gotta have a few dollars because either you're gonna pay directly or indirectly. Now some women, you, you gotta put it right in their hand. You know kind of women. Those are, and then some women you're gonna spend indirectly a movie, a dinner. That's right. And then be man enough. See everything is not about a purpose. Right. Just 'cause you taking a woman out doesn't mean you have to end up in bed. Right. It's not about that. Sometimes a girl is best to be a friend You might end up with.


Yes. Yes. All my best relationships are are homegirl man. And you women. And You gotta think about that. That's right. Because this woman that you turned out to be your friend, she grows to be a producer, a business person. That's right. She get down the line. That's right. Yep. And because you're cool, that's your opportunity. That is right. And a lot of men don't think that way. Guys start thinking that way. You ain't gotta hit it just 'cause you bought or something. Don't mean you gotta be mean to, like I saw out here, some guy asked a girl for a phone number and he killed her 'cause she didn't give it to him. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? Like he didn't even seem like he was tough. But man, he was a little skinny.


Dude. When I'm quite sure for the rest of his life while he's in prison, he will regret what he did. 'cause I know they wailing on his ass. Oh man. Of course he's he's, he's a party Fighter man. Oh man. They wailing on his ass. Oh my God. And you young guys, y'all think you're tough but in jail ain't no guns. Ain't no guns, brother. You, you gonna really see how the people you never see on the street. That's super, super tough. And people on the street that you don't see on the street who super, super crazy and they find out you did something foul and they ploting on you soon as you come through. So that's why some people go to Protective custody when they know.


'cause they know they come out in general population. You done yo. That's right. You done. So Yeah. TK Kirkland. Man, go check him out. Catch me If. you can World Tour tickets available right now on Live nation.com and he'll be in New Brunswick, New Jersey this weekend at the Stress Factory to Give him the number. Give him the number. Give him the number. Damn. What's the number? What's the number? Ain't got the number. Yeah, We gotta get the number. Gotta get them number. Hold on, hold on. Stress Factory new. Can't they just go to the website? Yeah, They go to the website. You know you. I showed my age, didn't I? Yeah, Yeah. You just go to stress factory.com. Stress factory.com. Get Your tickets. Get your tickets. Ladies Gentlemen. Jersey City, the Tri-State area. Stand up. TK Kirk in it home. I want everybody to come out to show mad love to the one and only tk.


And then check me out Next Friday, July 18th in Houston at the House of Blues and Austin, Texas, July 19th at Elmo's Austin. And please follow me at TK a Kirkland like the water at Costco's. K-I-R-K-L. Aica. Some of y'all Can't spell. There you go. Well, it's The Breakfast Club. It's TK Kirkland. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies advises threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Is getting gas at Chevron burning a hole in your wallet? What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with drop. You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop seven seven to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.


Hey everyone, it is Ryan Seacrest here ready to heat up your summer vacation. Get ready. Things are about to get sizzling at Chumba Casino your summer, getting a whole lot hotter with a special daily login bonus waiting just for you. So sign up now for reels of fun and reels of prizes right here at Chumba Casino with yours. Truly join me@chumbacasino.com and dive into a summer of social casino fun sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. DU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.