
I have a way to make your morning more efficient. You can get caught up on the news in about seven minutes. That is my promise to you as the host of the seven podcast from the Washington Post. And in that time, I will run down seven stories, everything from the most important headlines to fascinating new information you might miss. Otherwise. My name's Hannah Jewel. Go follow the seven right now, wherever you're listening, and we will get you caught up.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open Airbus or Stylish. The Color, the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero. Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Every American deserves the right to fair housing. And Kamala Harris is working to make that right realized by a saw. She learned firsthand how hard it is to work toward the dream of having a home. As California's Attorney General Kamala Harris took on the big banks in Wall Street. And now she's looking to give first time home buyers. $25,000 for a down payment. This November, vote for the leader. Looking out for your home. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So long Lar is filling in. And we have a special guest in the building. We have Nancy Mace. Welcome And thank you for having me. Great to be here. Finally. What's happening, Nancy? Not much. Well, we have You know election coming up and that sort of thing, but it's great. We've been talking about doing this for a while. Absolutely. So thanks for having me here. It's great to be here. You know me and Nancy went to high school together. I think I've heard you Say that before. He looks so much younger than you. We're the same age. We're literally the same age. He was a Senior. You were a freshman?


What's that? Was he a senior? You were a freshman Or was he just like the guy that kept coming back to the school? I got kicked outta Berkeley and then they made me go to Rafford. 'cause that's where my mom works. So my mom was a teacher at Rafford and Nancy's mom was a teacher At our moms taught school together and actually know each other. And I. Don't know if we knew each other when we were school at all. I Oh, I wasn't. I was there. You weren't there very long. Yeah, I was, I was there maybe three months. I wish all Been in high school. That you remember. Was he a bully? No, I don't. don don't know if we knew each other. He was only there for a few months. But, but we dropped out of the same high school the same year. And our moms taught school together. And well, She dropped out. I I got Kicked out. You got kicked out. Right. They came and arrested me and took me. Why do you drop out? I I had been raped by a classmate of mine at 16 And I.


Just, sorry. It's not your fault. It happens a lot. And I just decided I couldn't go back to school. And I decided. And I. And I. Really haven't been back. Haven't been back since, since that time. Just Rafford period. Yeah. I mean it's, it's been a long time. But I grew up in that area. I grew up in Crow Field and in College Park Road in lats in that area. But I just, I couldn't physically bring myself to go back to school. And that at that point I'd kind of given up on, on myself and my parents. Mom was a school teacher. My dad is retired Army and he, they were like, if you're gonna stop going to school, you have to start going to work. don don't know what your parents said to you, but mine were like, go get a job. I got a job at the Waffle House on College Park Road in Latson, exit 2 0 3.


And I was a Waffle House waitress for a couple months when I decided maybe I wanted to get my high school diploma and not be a Waffle House waitress the rest of my life. You know What's crazy. The shooting that got me arrested happened on College Park Road. Wow. Really? Yes. We were leaving that McDonald's That's, I think the McDonald's is right there by the Waffle House. It is. It's right by the Waffle House. Yeah. And the shooting, we were leaving that McDonald's and the shooting happened by the Burger King. That was Yep. Right there on College Park Grove. Yep. Tall Pine. So how did you sary that area? So How'd you go from Waffle House to being a US Congress representative for it's story? I Love, well, I had, I had it's steps and it's also You know God's hand in some ways. Divine intervention. You talk about that a lot. But I would eventually go to college.


And I went to the Citadel, the Military College of South Carolina. It's a place where my dad went. There had been no women there in 154 years. And I was the first, when I applied, I was the first class of women to go there. Wow. I ended up graduating the first woman from the Citadel 25 years ago this year. Feeling, I'm feeling my age, feeling kind of old. And then the rest is sort of history. And I started my own company in 2008. I did a little entrepreneurial work and then I ran for State House in 2017, 2018. I won. I was served for three years. And then this seat, I won it from a Democrat in 2020. I flipped the seat. We have our, our district is different. It's very purple.


It's a swing district. Very diverse. And You know, when I think about us and the friendship that we have, we're two, we're different politically. I mean, polar are opposites in some cases. But to come out of the same counting, the same stoplight in South Carolina, two people that should have never been, should have never made it, never been successful. And we're two of the most successful people to come out of Berkeley County. It's really, it's an amazing feat. And now our friends, I call you and hit you up. Like, is this joke gonna fall? Is is this gonna land? Well, when I say this or is this a terrible idea? But we've become You know great friends. We met last year at Charlotte at, excuse me, at Dave Chappelle show in Charleston. That's right. When we first met, She was in the back arguing with Dave.


Well, he was arguing with me, was arguing. Dave was arguing. Okay. I mean, we were arguing, we were arguing about, we were drinking tequila. And he was giving me political advice. And it was great advice. It's advice I give other people. It's, it's read the room. Because today politicians, they're, they're just not. I mean, everyone's red shirt, blue shirt, we're gonna, we're gonna pick sides and stay there. But there's a lot of, in between, there's a lot of purple, there's a lot of common ground. And regardless of what issue it is that we're debating there, there is so much that we can, if we listen to the people, it's very different than what's in Washington. Washington is totally out of touch with the rest of the country. Completely out of touch. The, the post and co asked a question this morning that a lot of people ask, what, what side is Nancy Mace on?


Because you challenge Republicans a lot, but then you vote You know a lot. Well, actually, and And I, And I. I wrote that op-ed this morning. 'cause I want people to ask a question and then answer it. I'm actually the of all 4 35 members of the house, I'm the 22nd most bipartisan. So I'm like almost top 20 most bipartisan. Yet I get, I get pilled in the press by certain media outlets that I'm a raging partisan And I conservative on most issues. Yes. But there, and there are a lot of issues where I am, I'm maybe to the, the left or socially moderate on, I do a lot of civil rights work. I do a lot of work for women because I'm a survivor of rape.


I've been through domestic abuse. And I know how terrible our laws are at the federal and the state level. But I've worked a lot. Ro Kana, you've, you talked to him earlier this week. Yeah. And ro And I do a lot of tech and cybersecurity computing type of Legislation together. But that's not, it's not sexy. It's not click bait. It doesn't get you likes when you're on X or views when you're on Instagram. It's not. The sexy thing that the media likes to talk about is when we get along, there's, they like divisiveness. It pays ads. I mean that sort of thing. But I'm actually been really effective in working with both sides of the aisle. But I also call them out. I mean, You know Republicans and Democrats alike are the reason that that things cost so much with inflation.


I mean, we did a, a debt ceiling bill last year passed by both parties. And do you think it had a, a limit or a, a limit to the debt and the debt ceiling bill? Did it have a ceiling? It didn't have a ceiling at all. And so they fed you this bill of lies that hey, this is responsible spending, we're gonna curb the debt. And it had no, there was no limit to it. There was no end to the debt in that bill. And so I just like to call it like I see it. Call the Balls You know party fault. Yes. Okay. A hundred percent. It was a Republican LED bill. But Democrats, they voted, voted for it together. But that's why the cost of goods keep going up is because your tax dollars, your, the money that the government's spending is too much. And in fact, we did a bill last year where the US government was gonna borrow money from China to pay Taiwan.


Like I'm not a mathematician, but that doesn't add up. Right. And so I, I call both sides out when they need it. Same thing with women's issues. You know nothing's been done for women. What have we done? Like did we vote on IVF this year? No, we didn't have, we have we done more for contraception? Not nearly enough. And so I just call the politics as I see it. Like, I wanna work, I wanna get stuff done. I wanna do right by the people that sent me there. How do you deal with like, because with your You know the experience that you had with being a survivor of rape, I know that like you do get a lot of pushback because you're pro-life and you have a pro-life voting record, but you push back on other like exceptions, like for abortion when that conversation happens on the Republican side, it that must be a lonely place to be.


It's very, I will tell you, it's, It's a little confusing for some people too. Probably. I have no friends in Washington. It is an extremely lonely experience when you're calling out both sides, or even when you call it members of your own party. When, when the crazy Alabama ruling came out that was anti IVF. Yeah. I was the first person in Congress in either party to file a bill to protect access to IVF when the mifa pri stone and trisomy 18 cases happened in Texas, I believe I was probably the only Republican to speak out saying how unconstitutional those rulings were because they were unconstitutional. When the Arizona ruling happened about abortion shortly after Alabama, again, I was leaned in right over that there's a lot of common ground.


90 98% of us agree on IVF. The same thing with exceptions for rape and incest and fetal abnormalities and life of the mother. There's a lot more that we agree on. I'm the only Republican on a, on a pro-life list that has an asterisk by their name because I do a lot on birth control and contraceptives and contraception. There's so much middle ground and there's so much we can do for women together. And yet neither party wants to do it. Like when I, and and you see it on both sides of the aisle. They just use it as a political wedge. But what have we done for women? What have we done substantively for women in the last couple of years? I would argue very little. And so I've been fighting really hard. I have bills that would address domestic violence, rape, incest, warism, revenge porn.


A a lot of issues. IVF contraception, birth control. I have a whole portfolio that I've focused on that I, that I believe both sides can agree on. 'cause we're not doing enough. We're just further dividing ourselves by having these arguments when there's 95% of the things, even when you talk about abortion, I'm pro-life, but I have a 15 to 20 week second trimester limit. At some point you gotta say, this is an infant that deserves life. Most people don't want abortion in the third trimester, but all of us think first or second trimester. So there's, even if you're pro-choice, you're likely, you likely have limitations around the second trimester too. And so I just believe there's a lot of common ground and we're not having those conversations. But is it, do you think that it's a kinda like a hoop dream to think that people will find a common ground though?


Because like look at even like our presidential candidates. Like I, I would, I don't see them having common ground on a lot of stuff. Yeah. I I, I am a true believer. And I believe that if I work hard enough, I can make a difference in what, in whatever capacity that is. So that's why I will go off on what is the most common sense thing here and why haven't we done it yet. And I call people out. Which is why I have tough elections every two years because I'm constantly saying, well, that's BS And I curse too. So I just, I get I I'm passionate like you are. I mean, you're very passionate. That's my passion. Now you are a Trump supporter. I voted for him. Why? Wow.


Well, I mean, in my party, the, the man who has been leaning on women's issues on the forefront has been Trump. So for the first time in our party's history, we, he added to our party platform this summer at the Republican convention IVF that we wanna protect IVF, that we wanna protect women who are victims of rape, victims of incest. The exceptions that I just spoke about. No one else has done that before he put in the plat party platform. We wanna protect contraception and contraceptive access. Those are things that had never been done before. And so for me as a woman, like I, I have someone that I go to, I, I've been to zero on women's issues because that's really the thing that I'm been harping on the last couple of years are women's rights balancing the, the, the pro-life with pro-woman.


I think you can do both. Does he listen, I I heard people say, oh, I heard you say that he listens to you When it comes to women's rights. I, yeah, I feel like he does listen to me. And then he's taken steps to put those things in the party platform despite people saying, well maybe we don't wanna do that. He did it anyway. And I think it's really important that we have someone that isn't beholden to other organizations or big money that he does what he believes is right. Even if you disagree with him, I think we can all agree he's not really beholden to any one person. He's doing what he thinks is the right thing to, well, he might Be beholden to Putin. I don't I don Dunno about that. Nobody wants Russia to win And. I just, I don't want Russia to win and I'm a Republican. I think it's, the idea is that poor, you have this trifecta now with Russia, Iran, and China.


China, it, it, and it's very dangerous. Very dangerous. We've got a stem that tide and break that up. At some point it's gonna become a real problem globally. Now the narrative has been as, as, as Donald Trump is racist. They believe he's a fascist. What's what's your thoughts on all of that? I don't believe so. So I've done a lot of civil rights work. So I had a bill signed into law when I was a state lawmaker. It was a prison reform bill for women. And I modeled it after the first step act that Trump signed into law prison reform bill in December of 2018. And it was bipartisan. And when you look at the impact of that, it, it's, it's improved the lives of 90% of the individuals that has helped improve were black Americans.


So I don't believe that he's racist at all. And I know that his campaign is an outreach to the black community as part of their campaign apparatus and advertising and all those things. Something that a lot of republicans haven't traditionally haven't traditionally done. It's important. I know that y'all have had Laura Trump on here, Byron Byron Donaldson and Candace Owens. You, you've had people that support him. Nick Nikki Haley that have supported him on here. And I. Think it's really important that we, that we have Republicans that will go and talk to untraditional, maybe audiences. It's really important that we do that outreach. And Trump has led the way for the party in that. But They all say they hate him behind the scenes. Maybe some do not Laura, but yeah, I mean, she's family.


She can't say that she felt Like it. Yeah, I mean, I, in-law, I I don't, I mean, I I have seen the way that he has worked the party on issues that I care about. And, I think it's really important that Americans know that he really wants the best for our country. And its people. You don't have to agree with his approach or how he does it, but I do believe he wears his heart on his sleeve and he's passionate about making a difference. And I've seen that, and I've You know the first step back was a bill that one provision in that bill was to restrain women who are giving birth, that they're in the prison system. It used to be that you were restrained to the bed while you were giving birth. That is a terrible way to bring a child into this world. So I did a bill for women. What in this, whoa, What Happened? Yeah. Well, it used to be before the first step back, for example, one of the provisions in it were that women were restrained while giving birth.


If they were pregnant in prison, they were like, they were In jail. Oh, yeah, yeah. In yeah, Yeah, in jail. Restrained. Okay. So they went, I mean, don don't know a woman who's going to run away when she's giving birth and having contractions. That's just not a thing. Not a thing. But I modeled some Legislation after what he did. And that was bipartisan. And, and the folks that have benefited, 90% of them were black Americans from the First Step Act. And I think he would do more of that if and when he is reelected. I made that up too, about them hating him behind the scenes. I Don know how you feel about it. I have. Yeah, But listen, People talk crap. Well, this is politics. Politics is a blood sport. People talk stuff all the time. That's The, that's the thing that scares me the most. Right? Because everybody's so far right.


Everybody's so far left. When you listen to thenar, when you're not even the narrative, when you listen to the language that a lot of people on the right use, it does sound bigoted. It does sound sexist. So I wonder if the lawmakers, if y'all will be able to get things actually done if y'all are so at odds with each other. But there Are some bigoted and sexist things from the left. I mean, mark Cuban yesterday said that women who support Trump aren't intelligent or strong. And I would tell you, I I'm, I'm pretty damn strong. And I. Think I'm pretty intelligent like this week, like I'm in the middle of my, my reelection. But the the messages my campaign is getting calling me garbage, calling me a Nazis. People saying I, they wanna see me floating in the Atlantic and they wanna murder my dog.


I mean, so the rhetoric. But Trump uses the Same type of rhetoric Though, but both sides are using rhetoric that, that ratchet it up. So I do believe we need to calm down on the rhetoric. It does. There's a reason why there's political violence. And I will tell you, in four years, I've had my home vandalized three times. I've had my car keyed twice my kids And I. We've had horrible threats made on my family almost daily. But I know that my colleagues across the aisle, they get the same thing. I mean, it's happening all the time. And we, it needs to stop at some point. We gotta say timeout, And, I think a lot of it's related to social media, like the downfall of society and civility right now is there are a bunch of keyboard warriors who can say anything.


And at some point, someone who's a little unhinged is gonna take that verbatim and it gonna go out and do that. I mean, it's, someone tried to shoot Donald Trump, someone took a hammer to Nancy Pelosi's husband's head. I mean, these things happen. They're happening on, you see it happen on, on both sides of the aisle last couple of years. It's, it's happening everywhere, unfortunately. What, what's The difference between MAGA and traditional conservatives? Because I feel like MAGA is the issue. That's, I i I feel like a lot of this started happening when Donald Trump came around in 2016 and ramped up a lot of the rhetoric. I don't think maga and traditional conservatives are the same thing. Why? What's the difference? Well, I mean, you have progressives in the Democrat party and then more left of center or traditional Democrats.


I think that, that some of the progressive movement is pretty far, pretty far extreme, pretty far out there too. And so I think that there are different pockets. We have the di the, the, the Warhawk column. We have the MAGA column, we have libertarians, we have right of center. We have traditional conservatives, if you will. We do have different pockets in our party with different ideology. Much like Democrats do. There's there, there's similarities there. But it's populism. I mean, he says a lot that people, I think is on their mind and their feeling, And, I think it's this, it's this us versus the establishment. And he is tapped into the, the people, the populace, the us part of it.


People feel like the government isn't working for them. And they're right. I mean, if you see the crap that we put up with the egos that are in Washington, just because person X doesn't like person Y, that bill might not not ever get a vote. I mean, we did a, we held a contempt vote a couple months ago and in the oversight committee, and they were arguing about eyelashes. I mean, and so you, you see it and you're just like, what are we doing? We're not doing the work of the people here. Like, I wanna work, I wanna pass bills. I wanna get things done. I wanna deliver results. And you have to, when you're in a divided Congress, you have to find ways to work together. I mean, I've got three bills sitting in the Senate right now, but because I have an ARB by my name, they'll probably never see the light of day.


Unfortunately. That's just the way The World works right now. And that's what I mean, like You know. Yeah. Because of all of the division. How can, are, are lawmakers being able, are they able to work together? Or is it so much division even in Congress that they can't get nothing done for people? Yeah. I I think in some cases we are, again, I'll go back to Hanana Row. And I have done a lot of Legislation together. But again, it's getting both sides to say, we're gonna work together, we're gonna do something. But instead they use You know, one bill will be used as a, as a, as a bargaining chip for another one. And then things get very messy. So it's, they're not doing the work of the people. It's just like, so take cannabis for example. The vast majority of Americans want cannabis reform.


They want it done. Safe banking is the easiest, most logical thing. But somebody wants, somebody wants something in the bill, they wanna add something into it. They can't get it, so they're just gonna stop it. Right? And so for the longest time we've been saying it, we're gonna get it done. Nothing's happening. Right? And it's all because of ego. And it's because I want my own. I'm not gonna be rewr going to do right by the people that elected me. I don't put up with that. I just, I have folks when, when you work against me, I call you out. I go to the press, And I say, what's going on? And I get in trouble for that. But I also don't like the BS that goes on in Washington. A lot of lies. And you have people like you had Kim Cheadle for example, that came down before the oversight committee and very bipartisan hearing.


Everybody wanted her to go. But she literally came down and wouldn't answer a single question. And I think in part it was maybe in part because the FBI and Homeland Security, they wouldn't give her the information 'cause they knew she was gonna testify. But again, it's like, it's the people versus DC And, I think that. I think You know that's how progressives tap into the people. There's that movement there. But people feel disenfranchised. They feel like they are not, their voices aren't being heard. And it's only get


Finding the right news podcast can feel like dating. It seems promising until you start listening. When you Hit play on post reports, you'll get fascinating conversations and sometimes a little fun too. I'm Martine Powers And. I'm Ella. Hey Azadi. Martin And I are the hosts of post reports. The show comes out every weekday from the Washington Post. You can follow and listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. There'll be a match. I promise.


You could sit there and listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Every American deserves the right to fair housing. And Kamala Harris is working to make that right realized by a saw. She learned firsthand how hard it is to work toward the dream of having a home. As California's Attorney General Kamala Harris took on the big, big banks in Wall Street. And now she's looking to give first time home buyers $25,000 for a down payment This November vote for the leader looking out for your home. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for President


Welcome to The World of Bose ultra open earbuds, the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. So, hey, come on in. Bose Ultra Open Earbuds own the gift game and check out bose.com/iheart to shop now.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in Tom's the beloved family footwear brand. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort. Our fall collection offers hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices, boots, sneakers, wedges, Loper Flats, and our iconic alga slip-ons. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others Together. We've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop the full fall assortment now at TOMS dot com


Getting worse because DC ignores what the vast majority of people want. The vast majority of people want IVF protected. Why can't we do a bill together? I have a, I've got a great bill. We've got Republicans and Democrats alike that are doing Legislation no votes on it. That's just one example. Like that is the will of the people. It's not getting done. So it's my job to call people out when they don't deliver. So, Question, if Vice President Kamala Harris wins, right? And she wants to legalize marijuana, would Republicans in Congress vote for it? Or would they say no because it's a Democratic president? I don't think it matters. I mean, there are some of us, not all Republicans are for it. I actually have a bill that would be federal reform. It's, it's descheduling.


And in order to do cannabis, you have reschedulings. Okay? For now. But you have to deschedule it and decriminalize it. And, and, and at any rate, so I have a a bill for that. It doesn't matter who's president. If I can, if that can become law, I, I would support it. But not every Republican supports cannabis. There are fewer of us that do. I'm one of them that does. But I've, I've worked with both sides on cannabis. I've worked with both sides on issues related to mass violence, for example, women's issues. There is a lot of common ground. But you have to have the courage to actually raise your hand and say, we're gonna do this work no matter, even if it costs me my next race, we need to do it because it's right for the people. And there's just not a lot of that in Washington.


Talk To us about this bipartisan border bill that Republicans and Democrats agreed upon. It was supposed the Senate supposed to be signed in Senate and then Trump said, no, don't do it. Why didn't that get done? Well, it did. It never passed outta the Senate. And so I did, I did to that bill. We never voted on it in the house. The house actually sent over HR two, which was a, a conservative border security bill in May of last year. Schumer put it in a desk, hit it away, tucked it in a door, like happens all the time. And, but again, don't be wrong. Both sides do it when they're in charge. But that bill came through the Senate, but it never passed the Senate. So it never even got to the house. So in that particular Bill And I, I read it with my staff, like the debt ceiling bill.


There were good ideas in the debt ceiling bill. But on the next page you would see, oh, there's the loophole that totally skirts around the good idea that Bill was the same way. So it was essentially, when you read it, there would be a good idea on page one. But then on page two, there was a loophole that would give Secretary Mayorkas, for example, carte blanche to do whatever he wanted. There were loopholes on every other page. And so it really wasn't worth the paper it was printed on wasn't gonna do what it was intended. And one of the, I think, fascinating lies about that bill is that it was technically a mass amnesty bill. And the other thing that they said that they claimed the bill did, both sides said, and it wasn't true, that if more than 5,000 people cross the border illegally, they would shut the border down.


Raise your hand if you've ever seen the border shut down. Never. It's never, it's never been shut down. And it's never gonna be shut down unless you have a wall and gates that people have to go through, like other foreign countries. But it's never been, that's not a thing. It's, it's, so again, it's like, it's fuzzy math. It's, it's telling a narrative that isn't true. And my problem is the lack of honesty, the lack of integrity, and a lack of truth. Just tell the people the truth and then they can decide for themselves if, if that bill really is what you say it is. 'cause oftentimes it's not. What Washington likes to do too is they'll title a bill. Oh, this is rainbows and unicorns for all people.


And then you read, it has nothing to do with rainbows and unicorns. Right? And so there's just a lot of, I think performance and magic You know. It's just, it's not what it is. And so I like to call it out. I read, I'll read through the bills and say, this is what it does, and this is what it does not do with no, with no flourishes. Just this is just black and white. This is what it is. And I think we need more people that will just, this is literally what it does and nothing else. And don't put opinion on it. Let the people decide. Right. With the performances, like in politics that you're talking about, right? So like how does it work with you? Like a, so for instance, if Kamala Harris is elected president and you have to work with her, there has been times like the CNN moment where you've like, you got in trouble for saying her name wrong and people were upset about that.


And then You know that whole thing. Kamala doesn't know what a woman is. Those remarks, how do you then sit with her? Like, do you guys have conversations behind closed doors first to get all that out the way so that you can, can work together? Or does that not even come up? Like how do you remove the performance that happens? Yeah. So I'm always willing to work with anyone who's willing to work with me. And oftentimes if staff are open to working together, like I have a rule in my office that we don't, we don't block anything. If someone wants to do business with us, if someone wants to work with us regardless of party or political affiliation, we will do it. I mean, I have sponsored bills with progressives. I've sponsored bills with people on the Freedom Caucus. So all the folks, but I mean, in that particular instance, I, I felt like I was being ganged up on on air.


A lot of people haven't been able to say her name, right? 'cause her name wasn't been in the news every day. I know how to say it now. It's Kamala. I've got it down. I've got it right. Glad you got it girl. Go ahead. But one of my issues too was, was being ganged up on, as a woman live on air and then the hypocrisy during the commercial breaks of, Hey, can I grab a selfie? And You know I don don't mind it. We'll have the colloquial on air and you do whatever you wanna do. But then behind the scenes, You know, send me a kissy emoji. Tell me how gorgeous I am. Tell me we look good together and all that whole thing. 'cause it was just kind of an act and you and You know. And so it's like, I'm just gonna call it for what it is. I was probably the first person in Congress that entered into the congressional record at text with a kissy emoji.


Why? There, like, I just, Why? Because I, they kept saying You know, I was saying I'm racist 'cause I'm saying her name wrong. But Bill Clinton calls her Kamala. Joe Biden says Kamala, it's not the right word. An incident, but you Yeah. You understand like the context behind that I, not the a hundred. Yeah. But, but as a person that works in, in civil rights and all this. So you get where they were coming from. Absolutely. Absolutely. But I also wasn't gonna be bullied. Like I, I am a f like you can fight or flight. I'm gonna fight. Absolutely. And I will always fight back for The right thing. I think it was a mis pronunciation. It was when you said, I'll say her name however I want to, I could say it However I want to. And I was like, Nancy had a drink. I did not, not I thought to myself at the end, I did not. But You know, during the commercial breaks, You know how it is.


You're taping and you're doing this. And it was just, the hypocrisy was what was gr grading me. 'cause behind the scenes on commercial break begging for the, the selfie picture, You know, hitting on me, all that stuff. And I was like, okay, this is, Oh, so that happened. And then y'all came back? Yes. Oh yes. It was all going on at the same time. And so that's why it was just like, okay, it's not okay to label somebody and gang up on them in public, but then have a completely different position in private. I, I don't like hypocrisy. And Don don't like people who aren't being honest. And so that's what I do when I call them out. And, and I'm always, if someone's gonna come at me or try to intimidate me, I'm the last one that you should do that to. I'm from Goose Creek, so like you can take the girl head of Goose Creek, but you cannot take Goose Creek outta the girl.


I'm a fighter. And I always will Be. Did you see docs? He responded to you and he, I mean that's, that is kind, that's just how he talks to people, to women. Maybe he shouldn't, maybe he should work on that. 'cause I think it was highly inappropriate And I. Think it's, again, for me it was just pointing out the hypocrisy. 'cause I see it all the time in Washington. People will say one thing when they're on air or they're on Twitter and then privately they're acting like something else. And that's not okay. Rohan is not one of those people. He's what you see is what you get. When I talk to him privately, he's the exact same guy on tv. Exact same guy. And we need more of that, not less Talk about the, the, the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act. 'cause some people say You know you, you say you're a champion of women, but you voted against That.


Yeah, well, I, I voted for a clean reauthorization. So their first one that came through had some, I believe like red flag laws that they were putting into it. And I think we have to balance constitutional Second Amendment rights with violence against women. And so I voted for a clean reauthorization of that bill. And in fact, I've gone back since then because when I dove into, I just got through a domestic abusive relationship, there was domestic violence. And I went through this system. And I was like, wow, this is how women are treated. And I learned about the Violence Against Women Act. What it did to protect victims' rights and also what our state does to protect victims' rights. And I realized there's even more we can do.


So since that time, I have created Legislation one in particular. There's a revenge porn, civil tort with when the Violence Against Women Act. But it's only civil that's In there. Revenge porn. Yeah, it's civil, it's civil, not criminal. Oh, gotcha. So it didn't make it a crime at the federal level. So I have a bill that would fix that. There's a civil tort that would allow you to have a civil right of action for revenge porn at 150,000. So I have a bill that would increase it to 500,000. There is nothing in there about voyeurism. So I have a bill voyeurism is when you record someone without their knowledge or consent or permission in an intimate way. I think Aaron Andrews, when she was recorded, changing clothes in her hotel room, voyeurism, but voyeurism wasn't included in it. So I have Legislation that would add a voyeurism component, both a civil tort to be able to sue someone civilly and federal court and also a, make it a crime at the federal level.


'cause voyeurism is only a crime at the federal level for under Title 18 for a tribal lands and certain maritime jurisdictions, A-A-A-K-A cruises. So if it's good enough for those areas, let's make it a federal crime everywhere. So I've gone back and I'm doing things to strengthen, to actually strengthen it. Now that I've learned so much about how victims' rights are and are not protected. And what it does and does not include And, I like to do small bills that will make a big difference. A lot of times people will do really large comprehensive bills and they'll put things in there that people can't agree to. I like smaller bills that are up and down. So these are all different pieces of Legislation that will hopefully get an up or down vote.


And if you disagree on something, you have a chance to, to say, no, I don't like these big Christmas tree bills, but let's do one thing at a time and, and make, have small parts, small bills make a really big difference. I wonder if the older people in in in Washington understand things like what you're talking about in regards to like the social media aspect of it all. Because we live in a different world. Yeah, totally. I feel like it should be a crime. Yeah. To record somebody. It should be against their will if, if you having sex, sex with them or whatever it is, like revenge porn. I feel like those are crimes. They are, they should be, they should be secretly taping phone calls, all that. I think it's a crime. Yeah. But I mean, in the Violence Against Women Act, it only made it a civil tort didn't make it a crime at the federal level. Well, I'm, I aim to fix that. So That's why you voted against it. Well no, there was, there were red flag laws.


Okay. Okay. So there You know. So I, I balance constitutional rights with, with women's rights, all those things. But, but, but I have different Legislation that, that addresses each of those issues. And I'm doing it separately because there's some people that might vote against it for one reason or another. But I want these bills to have the best chance possible. So I've broken them up. And so I have this portfolio of Legislation that would enhance and tighten and strengthen women's rights and protecting women under violence against women. And been working on it for a while. See, I'm, I I understand that because I think about You know when they talk about Bernie Sanders and why they said Bernie, Bernie voted a, I think he voted for the 94 crime bill. I forgot what Bill it was. Okay. But he, he voted for it.


But the reason he said he voted for it, it wasn't because of the crime bill. It was because of something else that was in it. It was some type of violence against women. That, my point with that is, yeah, you'll see the big bill presented, but it's like these little smaller things inside of him that you actually have to read to, I guess know whether you agree with the whole thing. I don't think that's right. Yeah, I I prefer not to have these giant bills. Let's have up or down he votes on him. Yeah. So that you can see you have the best chance of it passing when you do these massive bills, things get snuck in and, and you're like, what did we just pay for? Mm. I mean, You know. Why Did you do that Though? I don don't know. We have these, we have these giant You know spending bills, these continuing resolutions or omnibuses that DC will manufacture some sort of crisis. Government's gonna shut down if we don't do this.


And so then they have these giant spending bills and all of a sudden you realize your tax dollars are going to pay for trans kid clothing. I mean things that you most people would not wanna, would not wanna agree with or You know these, this is what happened last year. It's just what did we just spend money on? I support, I, I voted for gay marriage twice, but I don't think you should be spending federal government money on just gay nursing homes. I think go to all nursing homes. Right? Why are we just spec specifying I thing gay nursing homes. Yeah, there was a million dollars last year. I mean, I didn't know there was a thing. There were gay nursing homes apparently. But you ever, ever watch What y'all said, they gonna use y'all in another Ad. I don, I don't want, I don't want tax ad I don't want tax dollars paying to incentivize illegal immigration.


I mean, there's just You know, there's just things that I think common sense wise we don't need to be paying for. Government doesn't even be be paying for sex change surgery. I mean, just those things will get stuffed in there if you don't read the fine print. And that's why I vote against almost all of the fine print when it comes to the big spending bills because they're just ridiculous things in there that you And I, both sides would say the average bear would be like the average person would like, why are we doing this? Why do we vote for that? I would love to talk to somebody from the LTQ community and why, why, why do they need a gay assisted living community? I just, I just wanna know, like, I like what's the difference between a gay assisted living community and a regular one? I don't know. And then he's getting up in age. I will send him though, but I just wanna know why we go what's the difference?


Yeah. We go together. Yeah. I, I I don't understand. Let's just, if you're gonna do one thing for one sector, just do it for all. I mean, You know I like no taxes on tips. I like no taxes on social security. Let's just reduce all taxes for everybody. We all are all a big fan of keeping more of our hard earned dollars to then reinvest into the economy. So I looked it up. And the reason why you have it is because as people of the lgbtq plus community get older, they face different things like discrimination. Like some nursing homes won't let same sex partners come and visit them. Just the cultural shift. So just Well that's crazy because that whatever state has that law, we need to fix it. 'cause the government shouldn't tell you one who to love And I mean that's, And people wanna live in a community where they can feel accepted and they don't have to hide who they are because there are still numbers of communities that You know there are people that hide their sexuality up until this age.


Yeah. So it's, I mean it sounds like a good idea to me. What to have a, this whole facility. Yeah, I think so. No, I think that you should have laws that probably reduce bias discrimination, but you Have laws that, but think about it. But should the federal government pay for it, I think is the bottom line. I would argue. No, I think that it's a private entity sort of thing. The Only reason why I would not agree is because there are laws that protect people in the LGBTQ plus community from certain things every day right now. And the discrimination still happens. So it's like just putting a law in place doesn't always work, but having a place where you feel community might work. Yeah. So I, I've worked on Legislation to support the LGBT community. So I don't, I don't have with laws there, everyone, human rights, basic civil rights, et cetera.


But from my perspective, I don't want the government paying for that. That should be something done in the private sector, not a government run thing or government funded thing. It should be done with When things hit the private sector though, isn't it less money there? Like it's harder. Like funding is less things. I think It's actually more efficient because what the, when the government, when the federal government gets involved, things become slower, more archaic. They're more regulations, which means the cost of it goes up because we burden industry with enormous regulations. Every time there's a new regulation, the cost of doing business increases, making the end cost the consumer more expensive. And that's, that's the way it is in healthcare medicine.


Our defense, the cost for us to build a navy warship versus other countries because of the bureaucracy and the red tape that we jumped through to do things, we're slower, we're more expensive. And if we operated more like a business, we'd be more efficient with tax dollars, we'd be more nimble. We'd be faster and more innovative too. And I think it's across the board. And, and by the, by what you just read, Lauren, shouldn't all minorities be able to get their own anything and let the government pay for it then? Because we all experience bias. We all experienced prejudice when black women for what? Yeah, but we've been, but that's, I mean we, we do ask for that, right? And it doesn't always happen. But yeah, I think so. Like there are certain things that I feel like in certain communities that are specific to a certain community should be funded by the government and given money to by the government the same way we, we like hc No, I'm not talking about that.


I'm talking about as far as like the the gay assisted living thing you said it's because of the bias and And trauma discrimination Experience. Yeah. Well what about us as black people or what about women? Like, like shouldn't men, I'm Not disagreeing with you. I think it should all Be there. I don't wanna be an assisted living home when I get older. And just for the record, oh yeah. No, I don't think I don Wanna take care of myself. If you have to Hope I don't have to. You can't take care. Somebody gotta take care of you, your kids. But hopefully, but if you get to that point where you need to go to an existing assisted living home, 'cause you don't have anybody, wouldn't it be nice to feel like this is, these are my people. You wanna Be a black one is what you're saying? hb, HB C two, HB Assisted living. But no, I'm gonna have my, my twins. They're gonna take care of me. She Doesn't have yet. Not yet. She doesn't have Baby. I hope and pray my kids will take care of me.


I keep telling them they're teenagers right now. I got six of them. So One of 'em has, oh my goodness. You're Running for first district seat in South Carolina. What, what's the top issues in the district? Because we're on the Z 93 jams in South Carolina. Yeah, so inflation and spending, when you go to the grocery store at carton of Eggs is gonna cost you six or $7. Gallon of milk is up, everything's up. Baby formula a huge gas. Everything's more expensive. And so that's on the, that's on the ballot right now. I'm in a purple district. I mean it's very swing district, but as the number one issue for, for voters. The second issue is the immigration issue. We've had issues with fentanyl in South Carolina. We're having an issue right now with the Charleston County Sheriff, Kristin Graziano, letting these criminals back out onto the street, including justice.


This week, ICE picked up a guy who was charged with sex crimes. It was in South Carolina illegally. She let back out on the street. Doesn't help ice, but one of the last illegals she let out in Charleston County in August, he was an alleged pedophile who tried to pay to have sex with a kid twice. So illegal immigration is absolutely on the ballot. It's an 80 20 issue. Republicans and Democrats agree about it. About 80% of the time together, women's issues, abortion and women's rights is absolutely on the ballot in my district. And I've worked really hard on all of those things. I blame Republicans and Democrats for inflation because neither one wanna take responsibility. They've, they're all drunk with spending, they're spending way more than we have, way more than the, than taxpayers give them.


And then on the immigration issue, You know you've got one side that wants amnesty, the other wants a wall, but there's a lot of common ground in the middle. And nothing very little's been done about it over the last couple of years. And then women's issues have been the most vocal Republican on women's issues in the country. I would argue it's really important for my party to, to show women that we care. And it's, it's been lonely, but I've been working really hard to show that you can, you can be both pro-life and pro-woman and do the right thing. And again, there's so much middle ground that we're unwilling to recognize that both sides are unwilling to recognize. But I'm doing it all the time. I'm doing it till I'm blue in the face. 'cause it means for me, women's issues, it's not political, it's personal because of my trauma, my personal trauma that I've had in life.


I wanna fix the system. And you call it drunk with spending, right? Yeah. Like what do you say to people intoxicated who say, yo, they got all this money for war. They got all this money for the border, but they don't ever have money for us to ev the American people. What do you say to them? I, it's, it's, it's BS is what it is. It's bullshit. I mean, I talked to a family the other day that had a place in Tennessee. They, they applied for the $750 thing and they got turned down within an hour and they have thousands of dollars of damage at their property. You know and this, but this stuff goes on like You know, I've got a bill right now that we're gonna vote on when we're back in session. Both Republicans and Democrats alike voted for about $1.45 billion for FEMA that would go to a shelter and services program to house and feed illegal immigrants.


That is a thing. It's a fact. They voted on it twice. So I have a bill that would take, if there were any unspent funds from that bucket in that FEMA budget that would then go to Hurricane Helene and hurricane Milton victims. That would be common sense. That would be the right thing to do. So I'm trying to do my part in a common sense way. Well, So tomorrow's election day. So what's your message to people? We're asking people to get out and have their voices heard and to vote. And we need as many people to come out and vote on election day. It's your right as a citizen, and we wanna make sure that your voices are heard. The polls open at 7:00 AM and close at 7:00 PM in South Carolina. Okay?


Alright. Good luck. Thank you Nancy Mace, ladies and gentlemen, and we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you so much. Thank you for having me. And it's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


I don't know if You know this, but when you don't have time to read the Washington Post, you can listen to it. Almost every article has a listening option. And right now you can become a Washington Post subscriber for just 50 cents a week. It's an incredible deal. Stay on top of what's happening by signing up at Washington post.com/pod. That's Washington post.com/p OD.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee, so you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


How crispy are The new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli x crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


Meet the B'S ultra open earbuds. A reinvention of wet earbuds could be, and the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. Hear life and music at the same time. Go to bose.com/iheart to shop now.


Did You know there's no Tom at TOMS? Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season. Embrace cozy comfort with TOMS from chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr goddess slip bonds. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy Tom's, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now at TOMS dot com.