
Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is? We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never heard. We giving you reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday


Delve into the visceral world of hip hop with the Gangster Chronicles, hosted by Mc G and Big Steel as every Thursday y'all already know. Podcast to aims, to unravel intricate tapestry of one of music's most influential and misunderstood sub genres, gangster rap. Lets go. Gangster Chronicles unpacks the evolution of this uniquely American art form offering listeners a comprehensive understanding of the significance this genre holds. Listen to the Gangster Chronicles on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts


From. iHeartPodcasts comes, does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Bavan is dead. Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs ferries. Oh, Lick 'em, lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


It's time for a brand new podcast. Celebrity book Club is Steven and Lily. You Probably don't have time to read books. Let us do it for you. We've decided because we are grown consenting adults that we're gonna read a book every single week. And here we are From Abraham Lincoln to Lauren Graham, John Stamos to Sylvia Plath. We cover memoirs, poetry, children's books or cookbooks, and we discuss them in nauseating detail. It's pretty academic. It's basically literary criticism. So get your degree, put your glasses on, And listen to Celebr Book Club with Steven and Lily on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have the governor, Gretchen Whitmer. Welcome. Thank you. I'm glad to be here. How you feeling? I'm feeling good. Feeling Good? Would you like some tequila this morning or are they too early? You know I don't good tequila's fine anytime of day, but I'm not gonna start my day out that way today. I dunno if she wants it because she can't keep it down. She, she keeps running about how bad experience. That's why's why I've grown since that Has that stuck with you your whole life. Like that one story. And everybody always talks about that one thing. Well, You know, obviously what you're talking about is I'd over, I drank too much when I was in high school and you shouldn't have been drinking at that at that young age anyway.


But I got caught drinking at a high school football game. I was passed out, my principal came upon me. And I tossed my cookies on him. And You know. It was kind of a notorious thing at the time. Everyone in school knew it happened. I got suspended, I got in big trouble. My mother wanted to kill me. But You know. I tell that story in my book because it, it was that moment where I screwed up. But I learned a lot and got my act together, started You know, taking my academics more seriously. I had to 'cause I was at home for a month. Mine grounded. But Stop mixing your liquors, I'm sure. Yeah. And and You Know rookie mistake for us all. We, we learn when we screw up. If if you're a, if you're a person who evolves and you've learned from it, then screw ups have value.


Right? So got my ex together, went to MSU, got into law school and learned kind of a lesson that If you surround yourself by great people. It it helps you achieve what you want to. You learn from smart people. And that's kind of been a philosophy of my life, but also how I've governed and in the story You know in the book true Gretchen, I talk a lot about people like Dr. Joan Aldoon, who was my chief medical executive during COVID. And I'm proud You know we've got one of the most diverse cabinets in state history in Michigan. And when you empower people and have real representation, empowered representation, you can get a lot of good stuff done.


And I think that drinking story was maybe the beginning of my learning that when you gotta surround yourself by good people. Now, As a mom, question as a mom, what do you tell your kids? Right? Because your kids are gonna make mistakes. Right? You have two daughters. Yep. And all I would say if I was your daughter's mom, what about you in high school? So what do you tell your kids? Well, That's why I didn't tell 'em till after they were outta high school. But You know, You know. I mean, we're all human and we gotta see the humanity in one another. We all fall short on occasion. We gotta hope that you learn from from those times. And I think that's what I've tried to instill in my own kids. They've made their own mistakes. But You know what, fortunately for my generation, we didn't all have cell phones. We weren't all recording it.


That's true. It wasn't something that you had a receipt that you had to carry with you the rest of your life. And that's one of the things I try to encourage my kids to You know, give other people grace. Give yourself a little grace and put that damn phone down. Yeah. I only had two more questions about that topic. Number one, what was you drinking as a teenager? Right. And and did you get suspended for actually drinking or throwing up on the principal? Vodka? It was vodka. Okay. It was easier to come by and the You know, I guess suspended for, for drinking. Okay. But I'm sure throwing up didn't, didn't help my cause. Didn't. Gotcha. I I also like that you kept your book true Grech, what I've learned about life, leadership and everything in between. I like that you kept it short and it's a easy read.


Did you do that on purpose? Yeah. You know Charlene, one of the things that I get asked the most, whether I'm traveling across Michigan or outside of Michigan, is how do I stay positive? You know I ran for reelection and a lot of people said, why do you wanna keep doing this You know, in my first term, I dealt with a pandemic, a president who targeted me a plot to kidnapping and kill me. 28 recall attempts dealt with flooding in Midland that wiped out dams and bridges. We had to evacuate 10,000 people in the middle of the night in the middle of a pandemic. Dealt with all the hate that that came my way. And it was an understandable question.


You know, rational people said, why do you wanna keep doing this? And so this book really is that it is kind of a handbook. 10 things I've learned in my life at different times in my life that I have used in situation that, that I've had to navigate as governor and You know. I wanna give people, maybe you can get a laugh at my expense about the drinking or knocking my teeth out. I talk about that in the book too. Maybe there's a lesson that'll give someone some inspiration when they're navigating a hard time, whether it's in the workplace or in their private life, or maybe it's just a little light reading. And what I know is a heavy time for a lot of folks, all of us. Right. And so that's really what it's about. Trying to put a little light out in The World in a, in a damn dark time.


It feels like a Judy Bloom book in a way. Well, I don't know what that means, but thank You. Oh, I love Judy Bloom. Yeah. I love I do too. Yeah. I'm a huge fan of Judy Bloom. It just feels like a adult, adult Judy Bloom book. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's nice. That's a, I'll take that as a compliment. 'cause I think You know I I'm a it's Like a coming of age tale. Yeah. In a lot Of ways. Yeah. Well, I'm a I'm a real person. You know I'm an ordinary person. I got an extraordinary job. I'm serving an extraordinary time. But I am a You know, I'm a human being too. I'm got my, my shortcomings. I've, I've got things I've learned along the way and there's something that, that I can share that might give help someone. That's really what it's all about. You talk about why would you ever release a book during a presidential election year.


Like it's gotta be a very awkward time, especially now with everybody talking about wanting Biden to step down. It has to be a very awkward time. Well, Obviously when you write a book, you have no idea what is gonna be happening by the time that book comes out. Yeah. But You know it's gonna be a presidential election year. I did. I did. And that's why I wrote it. 'cause I, I knew this was gonna be heavy time. I knew it was gonna be hard. You knew the matchup was gonna be Donald Trump and Joe Biden again, And I, thought You know people are gonna want some, some encouragement. And that's what I, what I try to spread. Did you, how did you speak with Biden before his debate, right? Because you talk about your previous debates and how you were, you were loose. You were, people looked at you as an ordinary person. They felt relatable. But I think sometimes people don't see that with Biden. Did you have those conversations with him to be like, loosen up a little bit?


Or did you have those conversations? Any pep Talks? I didn't. And You know. I, in retrospect, maybe You know that was a missed opportunity on my part. I tell the story in, in the book You know I was running for governor the first time in, in 2000. And we, I traveled all across the state. I was getting ready for my first debate. Emily's List You know a great organization that helps women candidates sent a debate coach to come talk with me and the debate coach, I'm always interested in learning more. How can I do better? He, it was a man, which kind of ironic, right? You're Emily's list this organization sending a man and give me tips. But You know, he gave me a lot of good, good pointers.


But one of the things he said was, the Happy Warrior wins every debate. Whoever looks like they're having the most fun is the winner. No matter what people say. And I thought it was interesting. And his tip was You know, go in and remember to be the happy warrior. So soon as you get to your podium, put a happy face on top of your, your your papers. And anyone who's ever been told to smile knows it has the opposite effect. You tell me to smile, it pisses me off. I'm not gonna smile. So I'm like, I'm never gonna write a happy, a smiley face on the top. So I was thinking, what's gonna put me in the happy warrior frame of mind? So a couple weeks before the first debate, we went to go see Kevin Hart at LCA in downtown Detroit. And he had a number of folks open up for him.


And Naam Lynn gave this great, made this great observation that women are a lot more bold today. Who To naam? Yeah. Back In the day. Yeah. Back in the day, You know if a woman was menstruating, she'd be real shy about talking about it. You'd say, come on, I You know wanna come over and get together. And she'd say, oh, You know my aunt's in town like Aunt Flo. Right? Flo didn't wanna say it, but just wanted to communicate it. He said, today when you say, I wanna come over and see you, and it's that time a month, a woman say, you're not coming over. It's Shark Week motherfucker. Dang. And I thought that was the funniest. I mean, I laughed my butt off. And I thought that is gonna put me in the happy warrior mode. So you Thought about being on your period during the debate. Well, No Shark week motherfucker.


Let's go. So, So I went in and wrote that at the top of my paper W mf and that kept me loose and hilarious and funny. And my colleague was all buttoned up and he said, oh, You know I'm Bill Schu on duty. And I said Welcome to Shark Week. You know. And it just kept me loose and happy. And I got caught on a hot mic mouthing the word motherfucker. And it was during the Democratic National Convention, And I was just off beside myself that someone sent out that footage. 'cause it was virtual four years ago. I Know, like, I always wonder how much prep is too much prep. 'cause I always say the language of politics is dead. So if that is how you talk, why can you not communicate like that? Because that's how most of America speaks.


I think you're right. I think you're right. And so, like my first in my initial reaction was, oh man, this came out. And it'll It'll you didn't say, oh man, you said, oh shit, I did. I said, oh shit. And I came out and You know, know, this is what people are gonna focus on instead of what I said. And And I worked hard on that speech. I wanted people to hear what I said, And I thought. Oh geez. But we embraced it. And You know what people did too. People started showing up. They make candles that say, shark, we motherfucker, they got T-shirts. You know And I thought it, you're right. This is how people talk. It resonated with people. And it turned out to be a really funny episode. And that's maybe the lesson, right? You gotta be the happy warrior. Well, Why do politicians try to be so perfect or try to look so perfect? Right?


The, World is not perfect. Nobody's ever perfect. But it, you try to be perfect and then something comes out that shows that they're not well yourself. You talk about everything in the book from your teeth to your debate, to the drinking. So people know like, she's just like me. Like she does the things that I do. She's effed up just like me. Why? Why is it that thing of damn Being perfect? Dang, no, she effed up. We all, I didn't think that she's effed up. Just like we all, we all imp we've f up, not Ed. What I'm, we've ed up. We've, Yeah, we're all real. Right? And, and some people don't feel comfortable being real. One of the things I'm cognizant of is You know the people that came before me made it easier for me to show up as I am.


And I'm trying to make sure that I'm at least doing that for the people that come after me. Women You know candidates who aren't often in the majority, right? Black candidates, brown candidates, L-G-B-T-Q candidates, right? Making space for people to show up as they are. 'cause it's those I think who lose touch with their humanity and forget to see that. And others that get the least done, that actually improve the quality of people's lives. And theoretically that's what anyone runs for office for in the first place. You have a chapter called Take Nothing Personally. And that all, that's also one of the Four Agreements by Don Miguel Reed. How hard is it to not take things personal when you are a public political figure? People are always talking about you.


Yeah. How hard is it to not take those things personally? Well, it's challenging. And I love that you raised The Poor Agreements. I love that book. Love. That's a, a book that You know. I've, I've often, I've read frequently And I actually just gave to all my two kids and my three stepsons for Christmas this last year. I gave it to all of 'em. You know it can be hard to do 'cause You know the media trolls are 24 7, not nonstop. The people that'll show up and yell at you are feeling more emboldened than ever to say whatever they want. Whether it's grounded in fact or not. And it can be challenging. And, but I think that is also a great lesson to know that when people are lashing out, it's really not about you, it's about them. And when people say You know mean things about You.


know the dress that you wear at your state of the state or You know how you You know how you wear your hair or whatever it is. It's about them. It ain't about you. And any energy you put into it, I think it takes away from energy. You're, you need to do real important stuff. You talk about your head. Why didn't your grandma want you to part your head on the middle? Beats the hell outta me. And I said, don't take that piece of advice, but work hard. Wait to wait to get married a little later in life. I think those are are good pieces of advice. Yeah. She gave you a a three pieces of advice. What was it? Don't don't put your head down the middle. Work hard. Work hard and and Don't get married until you're at least 28. Yep.


Yes. Yep. I think those were good pieces of advice. Did you, did you, did, did you follow 'em all? I did You know I'm a hard worker. Okay. I, I know that I'm raised at, in a state that You know we're full of people that are work hard. Michiganders got grit. And I think that that's You know part of the title, right? True Grit. It's true Gretch, but it's a playoff that, because I think grit is what really defines my philosophy and who the people in Michigan are. We work hard, we show up, we expect a fair shake. And, I think that's what has centered a lot of the work that I do. And You know like so many people. I was lucky to have two great, phenomenal grandmothers who really had a massive impact on my life.


Nino, my, my dad's mom, Esther, that's my middle name, Gretchen Esther. She was You know, raised on a farm in rural Ohio. She was at a, at the age of her late nineties, was lobbying people in her church to vote for Barack Obama. Wow. She was ahead of her time and, and in so many ways, a You know strong feminist. And she taught me a lot. But see, trying to find the good in every situation in every person was something that she imparted on us. And imparted on us. And she was the You know one who said even the meanest personal world might have pretty eyes try to find the good And I.


And that's something that You know I have found has, has been a real important lesson for me to have in the back of my head through all the crazy stuff that I've had here. What's Good in Donald Trump. Yeah. I was gonna say the same thing. What's the good in Donald Trump? You said your grandmother said, find the good in everybody. Well, You know what, the one thing I can say about Donald Trump is he can read a public sentiment. He, he doesn't know how to fix anything. He doesn't know how to do the job of a president. He treats people with disrespect. And, and You know teach teaches people to hate and You know there are a lot of downsides, but he can read what's going on with people and he can feed into it and feed off of it. And I think that that's, that's a, a talent. Does he use it for good? Hell no.


But, but that is something that he does Well, What made you wanna get into politics? What was the thing that says, this is what I want to do? Yeah, it really was the first time around was You know. I was practicing law. I had worked for the House Democrats in Michigan. We had a tie in our State House, 55 Democrats and 55 Republicans when I worked there, which was the only time it's ever happened in Michigan. And they had to work together. And that's when I cut my teeth in politics. I really got to see maybe the best in what government can be. And we have term limits in Michigan. And it was like so many women, it was someone else who called and said, You know your, your state rep can't run again. You should take a look at it. And I thought me as You know, I've always been active, but me as a candidate never dawned on me.


But I kinda looked at the field of people, And I thought, man, I can do as good a job as any of these yahoos. So I decided to throw my my hat in the race. And I've won every election since. I've enjoyed public service immensely, but I didn't think when I was done in the legislature, I'd served six years in the house and then eight years in the state Senate. I was a Senate minority leader. And You know the leader of 12 people in a body of 38. We got our teeth kicked in every damn day. And I thought, all right, I've done my public service. But the Flint water crisis became known. And just to refresh everyone's memory, You know Flint is a predominantly black city. It was a thriving city for many decades when General Motors had a huge presence there.


As the company took resources out of Flint, You know poverty grew and it was a city that didn't have a whole lot of support in state government. And at a time when budgets were tight, my predecessor appointed a emergency manager who went in and made catastrophic decisions not to treat the water. And the people in Flint got a lot of lead poisoning in their water that became public. And that really was what drove me to wanna run for governor. That the, the people of Flint deserve better. They need a governor who is gonna make this right. And I looked at who was talking about running And I thought You know what, I know how to do it.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna get in this race. Donald Trump had just carried Michigan 11,000 vote difference between him and Hillary Clinton at 16 And I thought, I gotta get organized, I gotta get all across the state. And I spent two years campaigning in all 83 counties. I showed up in places Democrats write off often, and I won. And, and so many lessons from what happened around the Flint water crisis has driven the work that I've done to try to make it right to ensure other communities don't have a ca catastrophe like they had in Flint. And, and we've made great strides. I'm proud of the work that we've done, but there's a lot more work to do. Is the water fixed in Flint? Is it? Yeah. So almost every pipe has been replaced.


The ones that haven't, they had a hard time getting contact with homeowners that maybe don't live there anymore. So yes, the the water is, is clean. We've got, we've expanded resources for nutrition for Flint kids. 'cause we know to address lead poisoning that, that's a very crucial component. We just started what we call RX kids, which is monetary support for expectant mothers and babies. This is You know direct dollars into the household that it was driven by Dr. Mona Hannah Atisha, who was the, the doctor that discovered the lin the Flint led crisis. So we've done a lot of really creative things.


We're continuing to invest in Flint and crazy to say, but in Michigan we got great public park system, great state park system. The only county in Michigan that didn't have a state park was Genesee County, which is where Flint is. We've created a state park there, made great investment in downtown Flint so that people can have the kind of amenities that they expect everywhere else in the state. Finally, You know you, you've done, you've done some things in Michigan that i, i I wanna highlight 'cause I think they're great. When you said some things, like you once said you declared racism as a public health crisis and you required all medical professionals to undergo unconscious bias training to improve healthcare and target disparities. What motivated you to make that kind of declaration?


Well, You know, I think during the pandemic we saw laid bare the, the real true discrepancy in treatment and access and information that is shared with and support for the black community in particular. You know my lieutenant governor's Michigan's first black lieutenant governor, Dr. Jay. Jon, a Caldoon, who was my chief medical executive during the Flint water or during the pandemic, was is an African American emergency room doctor. She was one of the first in the country to look at the data, what was coming in, in the early days of our covid experience, you here in New York. It was hot here.


It was hot in New Orleans, it was hot in Chicago and it was hot in Detroit. We had incredible number of people that were suffering from Covid. And it was disproportionately in the black community. You know we have in the early days of Covid, 40% of the deaths in Michigan where African Americans, mm, 14% of our population is African American. And so Dr. Jay was the first one to see the early data she was practicing in our emergency room. She saw it firsthand and she said, this is disproportionately hit in my community. We gotta have a targeted approach here. And so we created the racial disparities task force. We did specific outreach to the black community.


We spent a lot of money and resources making sure that people had access and had solid information. We drove those death numbers way down because of it. I'm telling you, I don't know that we would've been nearly as successful. It wasn't the fact that we had an empowered black woman with the medical experience and the hands-on experience in downtown Detroit to really drive that policy. And that's why I'm always telling people You know diversity matters, empowered representation. That was key. It's not enough to have You know a proportion of voices around the table if you're not listening to 'em. And if they don't feel empowered to really drive, drive the plan. And You know, most scientists are not skilled communicators like Joan a Kal is.


I was real fortunate to have someone that had both those skills. She was by my side at every press conference and designing the policy in Michigan and You know declaring racism, a public health crisis, making sure that our racial disparities work wasn't confined to a pandemic because it existed before the pandemic and obviously can exist to this day. But I think we're making strides on it. And she and the lieutenant governor have been key leaders in that effort in Michigan Is the unconscious bias training is something that's going to transcend past healthcare. 'cause I feel like that should be in law enforcement. That should be in the, the banking system. Like I feel like that should be in so many schooling. The schooling, I feel like that should be in so many different spaces. Absolutely. It, we require all state employees to go through it.


So whether you're working with people in the healthcare space or in law enforcement or anywhere for that matter, it's important to recognize we all bring bias. Like we, we are lived, we're human beings with lived experiences that informed how we act. If we are cognizant of it, we can do better. But if we're not talking about it, not thinking about it, not examining it, we aren't gonna change anything. And so that training I think is really important. I went through the training just like everyone on my staff and throughout state government did And I think more workplaces should require it because it's, it is just an honest assessment of who we are and it's how we grow And. I like to think most people wanna do better, but we can't expect 'em to do better if they don't know better.


That's right. And and it's another thing that you do that I like and, and Governor Shapiro has a version of it in Pennsylvania, but it's the Clean slate bill. Mm. And the clean slate for kids that, that you signed. What, what is that about? Well, I'll tell you one of the things, one of the days that If you need more water, feel free. Oh no, I'm good. I'm good. Okay. Okay. But one of the days that I think it will live with me for the rest of my life was You know we, we changed the laws in Michigan so that people can get their records expunged. We made sure that people that were You know sentenced and did, did time for marijuana offenses. Don't have that on the record anymore. It's now legal in Michigan. So you shouldn't have to carry that with you. And so we had a huge expungement fair in Flint, actually, we're talking a lot about Flint today, but this was in Flint.


And the Lieutenant governor And I were there. The Secretary of State was helping people get registered to vote. There's a common misconception that If you If you have a record, you can't vote. Well you, you sure as heck can. And we register people when they're leaving prison now to make sure that they are voting. And the attorney general was there so we could help people with paperwork to get all the records expunged. We had a thousand people show up before eight o'clock in the morning who were excited about this, giving them an opportunity to get into a better job because of this old thing on the record was keeping them from getting gainfully employed or get housing. And so we've made, we've made big strides. There's always more work to do. But our, our bail reform, you're not sitting in jail because you don't have some money in your pocket for a You know, a civil infraction.


We've, we've made a lot of great policy changes and we've helped a lot of people You know, get another opportunity, which is everyone deserves that. Why Aren't people going further on the marijuana thing? Like I I I saw, I read that you were considering pardoning a lot of nonviolent marijuana offenders. We saw what West Moore just did. You know in Maryland when it comes to misdemeanor convictions, weed is legal in Michigan. So it seems like a no brainer to just pardon all non-violent marijuana offenders. Absolutely. Yeah. That it's, it's a, every state has a little different re requirements to get it done. So West did a You know a wonderful thing. I was really happy to see 'em use those powers. I don't have those kind of sweeping powers. So we've done it really, we've gone through and done it You know so many cases we've been able to move through, but we can't do it en mass like that unfortunately.


So who has the power? It just depends on the state. You know different states have different executive authorities and powers. IIII saw you say that governors are a competitive bunch. Yeah. And, and You know you talked about Governor Newsom in in in the book. Like, what, what did you mean by that? Because in in the reference, the example you used was something in regards to social distance. And I. Don't wanna tell the whole story, but Yeah. Like, what did you mean y'all are competitive book? Oh No. You know. I think governors are the best salespeople for their states. I got to see Jay Insley talk about how great the state of Washington is. When I was running for governor, I thought, oh yeah, this is gonna be a part of the job is I'm gonna be the, the promoter of, of all of Michigan for The World. Right? So we're, we are a competitive bunch You know.


In the book I talk a little bit about You know some, some ways that You know we're all human, right? And when we make a mistake, we should own it. And I was praising Gavin Newsom for owning a mistake that he'd made. I'd made a very similar one. And so that, that was an example. You know, I think Newsom is a phenomenal leader. I think we are really lucky that we got so many great democratic leaders across this country right now. We talked a little bit about Wes Moore. I know you had Josh Shapiro in here.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode, it's a promo You know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. What point Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I oh God, this. See, I mean, to push shots a road. We'll see, I'll be down You know, gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurred perspective. I, I think if Boldo hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Freak we giving you reliable Gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I I'll stand for lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude. I hate you so much. Right? Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black in effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Avante dead, Then it's probable. Then whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean Patrick Doyle, Brad Oscar, Nathan Lee Graham, Seth Ruski, Leah Daria, Leia Solana, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick them, lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Delve into the visceral world of hip hop with the Gangster Chronicles. A podcast that aims to unravel intricate tapestry of winner of music's most influential and misunderstood sub genres, gangster rappers hosted by M Mc G and Big Steels every Thursday. I already know. Each episode provides an in-depth exploration into the formative artists monumental albums and sociopolitical factors that have shaped gangster rap from its emergence in the eighties to its enduring impact. Today, gangster Chronicles unpacks the evolution of this uniquely American art form. We dive into the socio-cultural aspects, the gangster rap boldly addressed from police brutality to systemic racism. Offering listeners a comprehensive understanding of the profound cultural significance this genre holds. Listen to the Gangster Chronicles on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Let's go.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds. All walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. What you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically, if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feelings supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same Time. But You know what I'm saying, boys, you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday, listen to perspective with Bank on Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


But we loved is a podcast about queer history. I'm Jordan Gonsalves, your host. Growing up I thought being gay was the worst thing I could ever be. The gay history I learned was tragic. Jerry had died of aids and it's like, what is happening? It was survival. That's why it's called survival sex. But as I interviewed queer elders, I realized there was another history that I had never been taught. A history of courage and perseverance. I wanted to take control of my story and not be ashamed of it. And it was a history full of love. The joy we found in saying husband again and again and again was incredible. And while learning this new queer history from my elders, I realized they had so much wisdom to pass down. The key is to understanding yourself, learning to love and embrace yourself For iHeartPodcasts. I'm Jordan Gonsalves and this is, but we loved listen to, but we loved on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your Podcasts.


Love Governor Shapiro. He's fantastic. Maura Healey from Massachusetts. I mean, we got leaders all across the state. Tim Wal from Minnesota, he swears even more than we do. So you should have me come In. But You know, it's a, it's a really incredible bunch of people and I've learned so much from my colleagues and we've helped one another and, and I think You know there's a a real great crop of leaders right now. Lemme ask you a question. I know you're here to, to promote your book, but I wanted to ask you a question. A lot of people are not necessarily confident in Joe Biden right now. They don't know if they should go out and vote at all. Maybe they're looking, people are thinking right now, maybe it's the lesser of two evils.


What do you say to those individuals that are not a thousand percent confident in Biden? Maybe think Biden is too old. Maybe think that he doesn't, has early signs of dementia. What do you say to those people? Well, I'll start with this You know, we all watch that debate and You know it. It was bad. I mean, that's an understatement. It was, it was really bad, horrible. And it shook a lot of people and people are asking questions and, and You know what? I don't have a problem with that. You should ask questions. You should demand that your leaders are are up to the job. I believe that Joe Biden is, and I'll tell you, I went to the White House with a number of my colleagues, Gavin and Josh included, and Wes as well. And we had a sit down with the, with the president.


There's no question in my mind that he's ready to take this on. I had a conversation with him and all of our co-chairs last weekend. Same thing. He's a fighter. He's ready to go. He had a bad night. He'll be the first to admit it. It was terrible. Yet here we are. We've got a choice between an affirmative vote for Joe Biden or anything else. As a vote for Donald Trump and a second Trump presidency will be devastating. A second Trump presidency will take us further down the line of taking away individual rights of You know a worse and more intolerant nation with bigger discrepancies and income. I think that it's a dangerous prospect.


Joe Biden wants to continue the work. He's made record investments in onshoring manufacturing and the growth that we're seeing in our supply chains. We're stronger. We're getting stronger every day that all can be undone. We got a president who's gonna fight for every one of us black community, the Brown community, women in our rights. I think that he's got a a record of doing that and he's gonna continue to do it for the next four years. And that's why I'm unwavering in my support of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. I think that they are great leaders. We're fortunate to have 'em. They've got the receipts and they got a plan for the next four years. The other guy represents a real clear and present danger. You know, chapter four is surround yourself with great people.


Don't be afraid to ask for help. You know when you think about the surrogates like yourself, the West Moores governor, Shapiros Vice President, I, I'm I I rock with all of them. Right? Is President Biden the kind of leader that will ask y'all for help? Yes. And You know what I think another thing to remember is during the Trump years, remember his cabinet was a bunch of cronies and crooks. These were people that were You know. I I think not experts in the fields in which they were hired. I can talk about the Department of Education 'cause Betsy DeVos is from Michigan. Biden on the other hand, has got a diverse cabinet that is incredibly skilled that he leans on. You got Gina Raimondo and Pete Buttigieg and Tom Vilsack.


He's got Cedric Richmond You know very much big part of of his operation and obviously the vice president. He surrounds himself with quality people who are doing the work and showing up and actually care about the American people. And I think that's a, a real fundamental difference here. So yeah, he does listen. He asks questions, he says, You know, gimme some advice. And You know. We've been pretty pretty. Frank had some pretty frank conversations about giving some, some input. You think he Flew to Secretary p too? 'cause he comes to the re He comes all the time. All the time. And I often feel like y'all should be offended. And the reason I say y'all should be offended is 'cause people will say, is this the best America has to offer? Is this the best the Democratic Party has to offer?


And Biden, and it does kind of like You know, make yourself and the, the, the, the Westmores and the Shapiros and the Buttigieg and the VP look like Damn aren't they're they're all better to me than You know the current leader of the, of the party. Well, you're all these people you're going to, we're going to see do incredible things for the short term and the long term. So we're fortunate in that one You know, I understand that sentiment and You know I got kids that are 22 and 20 and they're You know. They're not as excited as I You know would love for them to be. And yet I know they're gonna vote. 'cause they understand their rights to make their own decisions about their bodies, their ability to get housing after they graduate from college and try to get You know an affordable place to live that is on their minds, their ability to You know, live a long life in a climate that can sustain humanity.


Right. Gun violence. This generation has grown up doing mass shooting drills. We can't even, we can't even appreciate what kind of trauma that's inflicted on this generation. They are engaged in a way that we weren't. And so the fact that there maybe don't, Joe Biden doesn't resonate as well with every one of You know every voter that's out there. I think that the every voter can see a voice. A person that is a part of this effort that does though And I think that that kind of avenger style campaign and leadership has gotta be a part of how we go Forward. I've been saying that I don't want to, I would rather see his surrogates out there. Do You wanna see him debate again?


Do you think he should debate Again? I don't know. You know. I, it it doesn't seem as though people go into debates with open minds these days. I do agree with you that You know, having surrogates out there is is powerful and incredibly helpful. And I know, You know a lot of my colleagues and standard bears for the party are gonna be descending into Michigan. And I'm excited about that because I want people to see You know. I want people to get to know You know all of all of these leaders that are doing the work and that are a part of, of the work that President Biden has gotten done. I want them to hear from them too. But Why lie to American people? And what I mean by that is like You know George Stephanopoulos just got caught saying he doesn't feel like he can serve another four years President Biden.


So even if that is people's You know sentiment, why not say, Hey, this is why you should still vote for him. Like what is, why can't we have that conversation? Yeah. You know. I I I was not happy to see those comments. Obviously I disagree with George And. I have a great deal of respect for him, but I disagree with him. And You know I challenge anyone who's out there opining about someone's health. Oh my lord. We've spent two weeks litigating the 90 minutes, the bad 90 minutes of Joe Biden and not enough time litigating the four horrific years of Donald Trump. Let's be clear, this is a choice between two people.


Yes, there are some third party candidates, but you vote for one of them that is helping Donald Trump. And so anything short of an affirmative vote for Biden is, is a vote for Trump. And I Think whether it's because you're appalled at that possibility or you're confident and have faith in in President Biden and Kamala Harris. And let's be clear, that's why we have a team. In case one person can't do the job, you gotta backup. That's what the vice presidency's all about. And she's incredibly capable. This is not the time to keep ringing our hands. We gotta roll up our sleeves 'cause we got a lot of work to do. You think People should challenge 'em at the convention coming up? Yes. I don't, I don't You know. I I respect that there are different opinions, but I don't, I think right now we know what the matchup is.


We, but he keeps Asking for it. He, for one last year he said there's about 50 other Democrats who could beat Trump last week. He goes, You know, Hey, challenge me at the convention. Yeah, he's asking for it. Well I'm glad to see him show a little swagger frankly. But by the same token You know this isn't fantasy football. We are beyond the primaries and we are beyond the caucuses. The matchup is set and the only person that changes that matchup is Joe Biden. He's made his decision, he's communicated it. So let's go You know, just talk about mission. 'cause it's a huge battleground state. Over a hundred thousand primary voters cast uncommitted votes back in February because of the Biden's administration's funding of the Israel military and the war on Palestine.


Does that concern you about how Michigan will turn out in November? Yeah, of course it does. You know the great story of Michigan is that we are the place people came to from around The World for opportunity. And because of that we got a richly diverse population. Right? People came from the south for a job on the line. People came from Lebanon for a job on the line. We people, people came from Holland for a job in You, know the muck fields on the west side of the state or from Finland for a job in mining in the upper peninsula. I mean we've, we're a very diverse state and it's a great strength. It also is made up of communities. All of these communities that I've been able to count on as a part of the coalition that's always supported my candidacy for office.


And I'm grateful for that. Everyone's hurting right now. That's the only universal truth. You know our Jewish community is, is in pain. We've seen the rise of antisemitism, the horrors of October 7th, the hostages that still haven't been released. My Arab American and Muslim community and Palestinian community. And it's important to single them all out. 'cause it's not monolithic. They are different communities within, with one, within one larger community. They're hurting because they see the loss of innocent lives every single day playing out. It, there's so many people in Michigan that are one degree or two degrees of separation from someone who's lost their life in this, in this altercation or someone who's starving right now.


And so I think part of the, one of the lessons in, in my book is about the power of listening. We gotta show up and listen. We've gotta show people that we care. Staying close to my, my Arab American community, staying close with my Jewish community, it is really important and recognizing the pain that everyone's feeling is as well. But I also wanna be clear that Donald Trump presidency ain't sure as hell ain't gonna fix what's going on in the Middle East. I mean, no, it could measurably make it worse. You hear some of the crazy things that he has said, some of what his supporters have said. You think we want a two-state solution where we everyone can have a safe homeland.


That's not something that he's promoting. And I think it will make it measurably worse. And that's why You know I understand the pain and that people are feeling checked out and unheard. That's why the listening part is so important. That's why I say listening is a superpower. And in my book, And I think that's something that, that Biden does better than Trump does. He's an empathetic guy who actually cares about people. What would your message be to the Muslim Arab community in Michigan in regards to supporting President Biden come November? Because You know 50,000 You know innocent people killed is it's, it's tough to see. Oh Yeah, no, it's, it's it's horrific. Women And children. Yeah. Yeah. Men too You know. I know everyone points to women and children, but there are a lot of innocent men who's who've lost their lives too.


I mean, it is horrific. And yet if we want to have a, a leader of the free world who sees that, who cares about leading a for a two state solution who's never gonna campaign on like a Muslim ban or child separation at the border for brown families coming into this country. I mean that, that's Joe Biden. There's no question who the better leader is on, on all of these issues. And it's Joe Biden You know chapter nine, you talk about owning your screw ups and forgiving others for theirs. And I read where you wanted to actually meet with someone from the far right militia that plotted to kidnap and, and assassinate you. Yeah.


I don't know if my forgiveness works that way. Yeah. Why? That's little crazy. Dunno if I would want to have that conversation like it was. Well, You know you hope to gain, when I wrote that, I didn't know it would get such strong reaction. But, but it has So you're, you're in the majority, I'm majority You're trying to kidnap you and You know and kill you You know. What do you get, what do you hope to gain from? Well, there were 12 to 14 guys who were out there planning for months to kidnap and then hold a sham trial and execute me. That was their plan. And they had a kill house. They went through all these exercises to practice that Jesus Christ. Text messages are horrific. Fortunately, law enforcement You know, had infiltrated. They had an informer and they were able to to keep it from happening.


And I'm grateful for that. Did They tell you early on that this was happening? Did You know through the whole process Or I, not through the whole process, but I knew a few months before it became public, my, the head of my security detail sat down with me. I talk a little bit about it in the book and, and shared it with me. And someone was You know, giving me a hard time. 'cause they said, oh, You know the way you told your kids. Said, oh by the way, there's a plot to kidnap and kill me. But it's, it's okay. We're gonna be fine You know, like I said, it like that very, I don't know, practical or strange, but whatever You know, I wanna understand what happened. It is not a rational thing that you pick up guns and wanna assassinate a sitting governor because she told you to wear a mask. That's not rational.


That's, that did not happen all over the country. It happened in this unique circumstances. Why I would like to understand. So I'd love to You know, have the chance to sit down maybe with one of the people that cooperated with the government and testified against their fellow plotters. We call those snitches. Did their time. That's fine. Well, I'm grateful that there were a couple of snitches. That's right. That's right. You know, like to just sit down and ask You know what, what was going on here? And so I'm a human being. You know I'm a normal person. I'm do a I'm a ordinary person and extraordinary job serving in a crazy time. But I'd like to understand and, and if I can learn something that'll make me a better human or a better governor, then it's worth doing. Have you forgiven them yet?


Yeah. Really? Yeah. Wow. How does the forgiveness thing work in regards to like politicians? Like can you, can you forgive Trump for leading an attempted co of this country? Can you give the Supreme Court for abolishing Roe v. Wade? Like, does that, does your forgiveness work that way too? Well, I think if If you own it. Yeah. I think If you say You know you have, you have learned or you regret then. Yeah, I think it, it is, you can forgive but If you if you're fighting actively against it though I don't Well, he hasn't owned it and he hasn't You know. He, they're trying to spin it as though it was a harmless group of tourists. They're trying to spin it though. You know the people that were tearing down our, our capital and were You know or the reason that people, officers have lost their lives.


We're Patriots doing this. That's what they're trying to tell us. Like, don't believe you're lying eyes. You know we, this was a peaceful group baloney. And so I don't forgive that. I'm mad about that still because that was a horrific thing to see. I sat there with my daughters watching this play out in the United States Capitol and everyone was so shocked. And I thought, if you're shocked, you weren't paying attention to what was going on in Michigan. We saw the early signs of this with people showing up with guns, standing over our legislature and, and sitting outside my house with ar fifteens threatening to kill me. I mean, this is a, a part of the rhetoric that Donald Trump has made so common and the reaction that is predictable because of what he's done.


And he's shown no remorse for that. Not even an understanding of how serious that was. And that's why I think you see so many people who used to call themselves Republicans are looking at him going, I can't do it. But there still are. A lot of people are gonna support him. And I. I, I don't forgive him for that. Do you Think it's because you're, you are a woman? 'cause there are a lot of governors that said you have to wear masks. There's a lot of people that came out and said that, that you have to wear a mask. But none of 'em I can recall had plots on their life for kidnapping and killing. Yeah. Well, You know, I, I was, I convened a group of governors during Covid to kind of share what we were seeing, help one another when we could. It was the Midwest Governors, Tim Walls from Minnesota, Tony Evers from Wisconsin, JB Pritzker from Illinois.


Eric Holcomb from Indiana Republican. Mike DeWine from Ohio, also Republican and Andy Beshear from Kentucky. Good friend. And another great talent. All of them are, I think all the Democratic governors are fantastic. And we were chat, we were chatting about You know everything that was playing out. And one of my colleagues said, You know Gretchen, you're doing all the same things that we're doing, but why are you taking so much more heat for it? And when the last word landed, he wa he said, oh wait, don't answer that. I know it's 'cause you are the woman doing it. And so I'm not the one who raises, okay, I'm dealing with this 'cause I'm a woman. But I appreciate when someone else points it out because I do think that there's, that's a part of it.


Oh no, I don't want that woman telling me what to do. And You know we didn't have a black governor during the pandemic. I don't know if the extra kind of heat that a, a black governor would have confronted. But I know that the women governors did deal with a whole higher intensity of, of hate that came our way. Oh, I agree with you. 'cause You know, You know when even when your name comes up as You know, being a presidential candidate, You know. I always say, man, I think that this country in a lot of ways is more sexist than racist. I don't know if they would vote as qualified as you are. You are. We've seen it with Hillary, right? Huh? We seen it with Hillary. That's my point. Like, I don't know if they would. It's the same reason that they're so afraid of Vice President Harris.


Like when people, when you hear people say, oh, you should be scared of a You know President Harris You know you should be scared of, of, of a President Harris run. And I'm like, why? What would, her policies wouldn't be any different than any other Democrats. So what would be make them afraid other than her being a woman and a woman of Color. Yeah. I mean that, that I think you're making an important point. You know, I was kind of marbling watching the news this morning. Nikki Haley was taking a shot at Kamala Harris and it You know, it just really struck me that these are two women of Indian descent You know. And and she's saying things like Kamala Harris would be dangerous. You know. And it's just, it, it's, it's galling to me to watch that play out.


I was hopeful. You know. I thought she was somewhat of a voice of reason in that primary, and yet You know she's just thrown her lot in and with the, the team that she was so critical of over the last year and a half and attacking Kamala Harris. And I. Just, I don't, it's just maybe that's why we haven't had a woman president yet. Because, 'cause you see stuff like that play out. Do you think you could be the first I don't have any plans to run for anything after this term as governor. It's, it's certainly a compliment to be included in the list of people whose names come up all the time. But You know, I got a big job right now. I got two and a half more years to be governor of Michigan. I got a lot more that I want to get accomplished in. I'm not thinking about anything beyond that.


You could write Shock, shock blood, motherfucker, shark, weak motherfucker on a paper and then You know you can go for it. Did you hear Gmma cashier's song about you? Big gre Oh man, I love Gmma Cash. He sent me a, an email yesterday. He, he said, good luck on GMA. I'm rooting for you bestie. So, yeah. Okay. That is fun. We're not best friends, but I like to think that we're very good friends. How Did you feel when you heard the record and who, who put you onto it? Okay, so first it started with the nickname Big Grech. Big Grech. Big Grech. So You know, first of all, I'm named after my two grandmas. Gretchen and Esther, they're both in the book, but Grandma Gretchen always said, don't ever let anyone call you Gch. Your name is Gretchen. So I've always had an aversion to being called Rech And I don't know many women that want big in the front of their nickname.


Am I right? Big Grech? Well, it depends. You know If you, If you heavy set. We say you got a big back, but you but big. But big can mean like position as well. Yeah. Like, yeah. Well It's it's all good now. Yeah. Yeah. But You know when I first heard the name Big Gretchen, I'm like, oh Lord, what, what is happening here? And Shaquille Meyer, someone on my, on my team at the time from Detroit was like, oh no, you don't understand the people of Detroit have accepted you. Big G is a compliment. It is given with love. And I was like, all right, tell me more. And then in Detroit, a a symbol of success is buffs. So the Buffalo Cartier sunglasses, buff glasses. Yep. Yeah. So you gotta have the buff. So you have a PenFed. When, when I don't own buffs, I mean I don't have that kind of money.


And, I don't trust myself with expensive sunglasses. But they, they present you with buffs. Like it's, they don't literally present you with buffs, but it's You know a saying. And so they was like, okay, I'm presented with buffs. What the hell are buffs? Shaquila. So she's educating me. But then Gmac made it into a, into the rap song. And I just love it. I think Big GRE has become this, this nickname I never knew that I needed. It was given to me. Trump was kicking my butt, he was making my life miserable. I was getting all sorts of threats and ugliness. And this happened at a time where I really You know, appreciated the boost. And everywhere I go, especially in Detroit, I'm big Gre. So Big Gre gravity G Which one do you like more?


Big Grech is my favorite. Big Grech? Yes. Big Grech. Big Grech has to go. Okay, I got one more question. Well, two, you could actually get the Buff glasses now because the Supreme Court made it to where you can get bribes. So If, you can have the money If you want. Oh yeah. But why aren't people saying the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution? Why aren't folks calling them out for their corruption? I am You know And I was glad to see Sheldon Whitehouse sent a letter to Merrick Garland. I don't know if he's gonna do anything about it, but I hope he does because I, it is so depressing and sad to me. I You know I'm a lawyer. I was raised by You know two public servants who also were lawyers though, and who revered the, the judicial system that it was the check on government that it was above the politics of the day.


We saw that over the years where decisions came out. Even If, you didn't agree with 'em, you respected 'em because they were grounded in some You know interpretation of the Constitution. Not a political agenda. And yet what we've seen now, Trump remade the Supreme Court three appointees who lied to Congress about Roe b Wade and went on and just eviscerated women's reproductive freedom that is on this ballot, a majority now, who has said that a president has You know this vast immunity now that the law doesn't apply to the person who is who we elect as our president. It is scary. And they are, it is, it is terribly frustrating to have all the presumptions, I was raised to believe that you could count on that court thrown into the garbage in a, in a dumpster.


And it's, it's a real problem. And I'm glad to see You know some folks in Congress are taking it seriously, but man, we need a better mechanism to hold them accountable. Do you still think it's a legitimate institution? The Supreme Court? I think that they've bastardized it. I hate to say it. You shouldn't. It's the truth. Yeah. Yeah. I hate the fact of it. You know we deserve better and those justices took an oath then man, it, it is just horrible to see that. Not even they're holding it up. So Biden needs to expand the courts, right? Well, I'm not gonna tell the president what to do, but we do need a system that is actually accountable to the people and has to abide by a certain ethical standard and is reigned in by You know the law.


If, you were president. Would you expand the Supreme Court right Now? I haven't. It's a good question. I don't know that I've got a thoughtful answer for you. Got The answer should be yes. Well, the answer is I ain't running for president. So there, Right. Last Question. When you see people from Michigan at Detroit, do you greet to meet what up though? Yeah, absolutely. That's, that's how we greet one another. What up though? You know. I gotta tell you, Detroit hosted the NFL draft. Yep. And man, it was the most fun event. Detroit's population has grown. For the first time in 70 years, we had a record draft turnout and then we had the Grand Prix the next week. And then the opening of, of Detroit, Michigan Central Station, the old train station that Bill Ford You know decided to plow a bunch of resources into.


And now it's like this hub of r and d and it's exciting time. We had You know Eminem produced a big party at the opening. I mean there's so much good stuff happening in Detroit and all across Michigan. And so yeah. What up do to the listeners from Detroit? Oh 42. Doug is here. So you'll be able to say that to him in a second. Excellent. You'll probably see him in the hallway. Alright, Well it's the governor, Gretchen Whitman, we Appreciate Gretchen Whi joining us. Thank you so much, governor of Michigan. Thank pleasure. Make sure you go get our New Book true Grech, what I've learned about life, leadership and everything in between. And don't be a stranger, please. All we, we are on a lot of stations in Michigan. Michigan. Yes, I know. I'll come back. Please Do. All Right, thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up early In the morning.


The Breakfast Club.


Welcome. Welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You know what it is? We in this piece Trap Nerd Real never heard. We giving you Reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black Effect podcast network, iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday


from IHeart podcasts comes. Does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Pastore is dead. Featuring the star-studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs ferries, Lick them, lick those toes. Listen to, does this Murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


It's time for a brand new podcast. Celebrity book Club is Steven and Lily. You Probably don't have time to read books. Let us do it for you. We've decided because we are grown consenting adults that we're gonna read a book every single week. And here we are From Abraham Lincoln to Lauren Graham, John Stamos, to Sylvia Plath. We cover memoirs, poetry, children's books or cookbooks and we discuss them in nauseating detail. It's pretty academic. It's basically literary criticism. So get your degree, put your glasses on And listen to Celebrity Book Club with Steven and Lily on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Jordan Gonsalves And. I'm a journalist. Join me on my new podcast. But we loved where queer elders recount the amazing history they've lived through In the middle of Wall Street. They stopped traffic, they were doing a die right? And in the process share little gems of wisdom for the next generation. The key is to understanding yourself, learning to love and embrace yourself. You can listen to, but we loved on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.