
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa. Do com Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Are you spending a fortune while shopping on Amazon? What if I said you can earn cash back while you shop? Introducing, drop the Ultimate Rewards app. Whether it's fashion, electronics, or groceries. You can earn free gift cards just by shopping online or in store at tons of your favorite brands. Download the Drop app now and start earning while you shop. Plus, for a limited time use code drop one one to get $5 in points instantly.


I'm Victoria Cash.


Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. Available to players in the us, excluding Washington, Michigan. No purchase necessary. 18 plus.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Nala is with us today with Up Nala. What's up? And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. His debut album Forever Us Never Them is out right now. Ladies and gentlemen from Detroit. What up do 40 2D? What's up brother? What's Going On? How you feeling? I'm all right man. Taking it easy. It sound crazy to even say this is your debut album. I know. Feel like You got a whole catalog. I know You know how I be. How you feeling though? I'm all right. You know, chilling man. Tie it too early for you.


You sound tired. I was out all night, man. Where you was at the club? Yeah. Okay. Okay. What a strip club? Yeah. Scarlets. Nah, some other shit. Another club. I don't know what it's called. What? What other clubs in New York now? I don't even know it. Queens. You was probably in Queen Queens. Yeah. Yeah. Queens. Yeah. What's the difference between a debut album and all the other projects you've been putting out? Like what's what, what's the difference? I guess the label, however they do it. Like I don't know the difference. I thought it was based on like the most songs, but I guess this my first album, man. I hope y'all appreciate it You. know what I'm saying? I put hard work into it. I put did my best.


You feel, go ahead. No, go ahead. I was gonna say, do you feel like it is a restart? Because when you had your records out before you was on fire, right? Every record in the club. I mean the joint with Future, the Joint with with everybody Baby. And then you got locked up so you, I don't think you could really enjoy Yeah, how hot you were out there. So do you feel like you had to, is it almost like starting over? Yeah, I feel like I'm building like my momentum back up. I feel like people wanted to see if I could produce You know the same type of music, good music. And. I feel like I answered that You.


know what I'm saying? You definitely shop on this and And I. Remember last time you were here you talked about perfecting your rap skills while you was locked up. Did this last bit help you sharp your skills even more? Yeah, it just gave me, it gave me more stuff to talk about. Like more balance. I thought about, I had a whole book like what I thought I was going to do You, know what I'm saying, how I wanted to go by it. And when I got out I'm like man, scratch that You. know what I'm saying? I wanted to chill, I wanted to have fun. I wanted to see my kids. And then by the time I was ready to go in the studio, I felt like You know I was ready. Prior to this album, when you did have like the single circulating, did you have a different project in mind?


Like before everything went down? Yeah. You did? Yeah, I had a, I was gonna call it Love Don't Live Here, And. I was just making songs about You know stuff like that relationship stuff. And What happened, you was with somebody and y'all, y'all broke up while y'all was in jail? No, we didn't break up. We just was You know Up and down. Yeah, You. know what I'm saying? So I'm like, and You know as time when we You know got back. Right. You didn't wanna do the bid with you? Yeah, yeah. No, for sure she did that. Okay. It just was like You know You mad, you in there, you Not even that. 'cause I was gonna call it that before I went to jail You know what I'm saying?


So, and when I went to jail, her being there for me like kinda scratched that. Oh that's Did did Love not how Funny as shit. He about to drop a dis album on a girl. No, it wasn't that. It wasn't that man. It wasn't no dis album. It was just like a Different was fame and like just the, the motion you were getting, was that like stopping you from being able to give the love like your partner was looking for? I mean I say like just most more so the lifestyle, like being out in different states, You know what I'm saying?


Trying to take that into consideration and it's just like, it's a lot of stuff going on You know what I'm saying? So it's like you actually gotta make that time like so somebody probably feel like you ain't making that time You. know what I'm saying? You like, well I'm doing this, I might not be doing this but I'm doing all this You, know what I'm saying? So I'm like man, but I got Right, right. Having a having a a girlfriend while doing the bid and make doing the bid Tougher. Right? Yeah. Hell yeah because you like what's going on You. know what I'm saying? You ain't there so you like Somebody might be there Man, somebody gotta be there. That was you thinking like, but it is up to her like to keep reassuring you like nah this ain't some girls let You know.


Like look man, soon as you step foot in there I'm gone. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I be. And But you heard, you heard all the support though when you were locked up. I mean people were trying to get you out. They were putting up money. You One woman now ain't talking about you talking about This but he had support 'cause he was in there. You gotta feel lonely. No, I was in a hole a lot. So either way, when I was feeling lonely, like I couldn't talk on the phone, I couldn't You, know what I'm saying? I just was going through a lot. Why were you in the hole? Were you fighting or No, I was like certain jails that put me in the hole. Like just 'cause who I am. Like they say it's a security risk to the compound. Like everybody walking up on pictures, they feel like the co If.


you say pictures Like it's the club? Yeah, some like that. But they like, I ain't gonna say pictures just wanna kick it. You chop it out You know what I'm saying? I ain't gonna say pictures. I just wanted to kick it in and they'd be paying attention like to the cos getting too close and they be like we can't have you out here Saying worried about your girl. Your girls should have been worried about you knocking off the female. Cos it sound like it. Oh My God I want too much worry about 'cause You know, You know. You be like sh You know I ain't here forever You. know what I'm saying? So I ain't even sure worry about nobody. I just was like You know. I hope you stay on the right track.


That's for everybody though. Like even with your friend, you like y'all stay focused out there You. know what I'm saying? Take care of the kids You. know what I'm saying? You doing what you can, you still gotta take care. That's the most important thing. You still gotta take care of everybody from there. Your mama You. know what I'm saying? So How how'd your mom feel when she heard the My Mama record off the for us never them. I mean she You know she just rock with everything You know what I'm saying? She really ain't going too much focus on one song. She listening to everything. She gonna send me a text like You. know what I'm saying? These new album is hard You know what I'm saying? I'm proud of you.


Stuff like that. Is that her on the intro? No, that's my principal. Your principal. Your principal. Yeah. I was Wondering what, what was the call that you gave your principal that made her come back with that? So my principal, she like, she do like speaking, like motivational speaking. So when I was young I had went to prison like 15 And I had a warrant, You know. And she the only person that got me to turn myself in. I'm like I ain't going in You, know what I'm saying? I'm young You, know what I'm saying? I'm like hell no I ain't going in.


She called, she came to my house like told my mama like look I got a friend in the police office. You, know what I'm saying? He could turn his stuff into, they gonna make sure he, they don't touch him. Like he gonna go straight to the jail, get him a bond and y'all could get him back out. So then that happened. I got back out and they were going to prison and while I was in prison my first time she went to prison. The Principal? Yeah. What, Wait, this Detroit is crazy. Yeah, Detroit. Where did she go to principal. What? What did she go to prison for? I want say was it Money Lau something like some of them between them lines.


But she end up going to prison, federal prison. And she You know she, once she got out she was writing me You. know what I'm saying? Just telling me like I'm proud of you. 'cause when I got out I started rapping You. know what I'm saying? And I took off like kind of quick. You put money on her books? I was in jail. Oh you was in jail that time? Yeah, I was in jail. So we probably got out about the same time. So anyway, we was connecting You know social media sheet. I'm proud of You know stuff like that. And then I end up going back to prison and she's just writing me, hey Week Egg two weeks. Like telling me did sending me stuff about Shaq, how he take care of his family on a You know stuff like that.


Sending me books, sending me songs she think I should redo and just was like, You know I think you should let me talk on your album. Oh, so this was the last time you went to prison in 2022? Yeah. You didn't wanna turn yourself in then either. I don't blame you for not wanting to go to prison but I mean damn dog. Like I dunno what I had going on bro. I mean I ain't gonna lie bro. Coming from like just coming from the hood like bro, turn yourself in a jail. Gonna be the hard, gotta be the hardest thing. Hell yeah. Then walking into somebody jail knowing it's gonna be a minute. Like ain't, I don't feel like nobody like can swallow that You, know what I'm saying?


I should've did it 'cause it was six months. But You know what You mean. Six months. But it was hard though. You had your career Longer than six months, But It would've been six months. If, you turn your self in, It would've damn six months that it probably would've been 90 days. Damn. Ideally like, 'cause we're halfway house like Home Monitor. But You know. I didn't know about the federal government. All I knew about was state and the state in Michigan, it is day for day. So I'm like, it is like see like God. So You like I'm on fire right now. I'm getting all this money right now, You. Know what I'm saying bro. I probably had like $2 million in shows like just lined up.


So I'm like two You, know what I'm saying? I'm like this money that Catch me If. you can, Damn You still regret it? Hell Yeah. I'm like I just regretted the whole situation like getting high. When they telling me You know I had, I had a sweet situation as far as how my probation went. She was letting me pretty much do my thing. She was letting me pretty much travel. I really, You know sometimes I'm off a like they be on my back. Like they, I really fucked up like You know I messed up like this time. So I was like even in jail I used to tell people my judge, he was so hard. And I used to be like, but he really, he really let me go You.


know what I'm saying? I really like just messed it up. But I mean that's, that's part of growth though. You know what I'm saying? Nah, for sure. You, you, you, you older now so you understand like You know what, I could have handled that a different way For sure. I wish I would've And. I. There's a line on your album, I can't remember who you was rapping about, but you was like man I bet you he wished he took that 10 Yeah Skeet he got offered 10 years and end up being 30. Dang Jesus. Yeah and it just be like You know even with him he like, he feel like if I would've took that 10 years, I probably would still end up doing 30 'cause I wouldn't have learned nothing.


You know what I'm saying? So he like this time being in here for this amount of time like made me like curve how I want to live. Like made me see what I needed to do what I was doing wrong. See what you need. You need to do what you do You. know what I'm saying? I just far as everybody. Who was he to you? My brother. Oh, Okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. How long you done do He been in there for? 14. Damn. Damn. Yeah, it just been like we all went to jail 2011 like we all went to jail. And. I feel like once I changed like our luck, everybody started like, 'cause a few people had life and they done came home like from life like You.


know what I'm saying? That got, that's probably the hardest thing you gonna do. That's probably the hardest thing you gonna do. Like And I feel like all it take is like one person just to switch it up. Absolutely Switch everybody. Look so you bring Generational curses. Absolutely. No, for sure. For sure. It's looking good right now. Now when you got home, were you surprised at How Detroit is now? 'cause I think when you got locked up, Detroit just seemed like everybody was against everybody. Yeah. But now when, when I go to Detroit, I'm seeing those same people, everybody partying together. It seems like it's more welcoming the artists and, and and they Got a taste of that money. My community, they got a taste of that money. Like They don't fuck the money up. Yeah.


Like once I always used to tell people like I probably would be You know feuding with somebody who probably ain't wasn't doing as much. So they really ain't got nothing to lose You know what I'm saying? Once they got taste of that money, they like for what? Everybody like what we doing? Like You know let's get to this money. Like everybody feel like they're song away or everybody getting they followers up. Everybody getting, they views up and You. know what I'm saying? I just was telling somebody like somebody gotta like be the next person like to go crazy. Like don't just let it be close. Don't just You know what I'm saying? Don't just let the last thing be like, oh they was so close.


Right. Like keep going. Go crazy You. know what I'm saying? It Feel like there's a few of y'all now though. For sure it is. You Kill Aaba baby Face Ray, like it's a bunch of y'all. It seem like Sure getting money too. Why didn't you make Fresh from the Feds the first song on the album? Man, you, That's your hawk. You think that should have been the first album? Hell yeah. Somebody told me Spin that Back should have been the first song but I ain't put it on there. What I wanted to be, I want to need you to be the first song. Need you. Yeah. It's a song on there called Need You. Know that's it. Was that a tough record to write? Yeah. 'cause it was like by my people. Yeah. It was like them type of songs. Like you gotta catch that cadence to write like how it come on.


That was like the hardest part to record. Like how it come on. It's a line where I had to say it just a certain way or I ain't like it. Like so I'm in there saying it like You know what I'm saying? Then when I record it I gotta double it. Like so I'm trying to make it, man I just, I just had, I had worked hard on this so, so I'm like last minute I'm like, I tell Got and Rex like I feel like this should be the intro You. know what I'm saying? They like, we can't change nothing. Yeah. Need you too. It's too sentimental to be the first song. I feel like that's good. But I, I like to start my projects like that. Like okay, okay. You know what I'm saying? Even Freedom Boys. I started like, or like with a jail call like You know what I'm saying?


Like, but the intro, it had to grow on me You know what I'm saying? I'm seeing people reactions to it. They like, they like nah we like you now Win with us. Hard. Hard. Yeah. What, what, what need you? Is that gonna be a tough record to perform Like when you on stage You know? I don't know. I don't, I ain't never thought about that. Like you Might cry dog. I ain't ever thought about that. Like it's okay. I mean that'll be a good, a good moment though if it is because You know what I'm saying? Everybody feel like that towards somebody You know what I'm saying? Somebody they done lost a friend.


So You know hopefully we can, we can catch that. Me and the fans And I And I read somewhere too. You know talking about the jail again that you were, when you were locked up, you didn't like receiving fan mail. You said it bothered you. Well they wouldn't let me get it that much. They'd keep it from me. So like I said, a lot of time I was isolated so when I do get it, I just read it like see what some talking about And, I answered a lot of letters. You know people probably ain't getting my letter 'cause they weren't sending them out. But I wrote back a lot of people like just telling them like how I was feeling. They like you coming close to home. You know And. I appreciated.


I, I tried to answer as many as I could. Some people was like I'm coming to your con You. know what I'm saying? You know. You try to people take they time out. Like even your friends ain't gonna do that as much. And that was another thing you did that was pretty big when you got home, you did that huge concert in the city and brought the city Out. People were Yes sir. People were grateful and thankful for that. How was that, how was that reaction? Man that was, that was cra It was crazy just seeing it come together. 'cause you never know what you can do until you do it. Won't nobody believe you can do it until it is done like You know what I'm saying? So all the way up until the week they like You. know what I'm saying? He ain't Finn to and it wasn't really about settling it out, it was just about putting on the show like everybody think my motive was like I wanna just see if I'm still it at all.


I'm this big. I'm like nah, it wasn't ever about selling it out, it was just about putting on this show. Like see what type of show we could put on You. know what I'm saying? You brought so many people to the city and so many people out that day. Were you surprised so many people showed Up? Yeah. Yeah, I was surprised. I mean but Why you, you clearly got fans, you got you getting all this mail in jail, you got mad support from people on the outside. Why would you be surprised? Because Detroit a tough city man. New York. A tough city too. Like I have performed here before me and Baby like they down there like You. know what I'm saying? They ain't finna be going crazy. Like you just gotta take it for what it is.


Detroit, they a little better than New York on that. Like far as they You, know what I'm saying? They get some type of effort. New York, they just too fresh. So, and there I'm like, if they come as they gonna go crazy like You. know what I'm saying? And I. When I'm picking the artist we like who going to get 'em to go crazy? I'm picking this artist, I'm picking that. But I had some good, good, good artists. Like I knew Jeezy. I knew me You, know what I'm saying? Booy like, and everybody, I mean everybody bro that came was like, bro, it's the best concert we ever, they like y'all wanna let us sit down like soon we thought we was finna sit down.


All right we fixing sit down somebody You. know what I'm saying? We chill on it. Another person came out hits like and You, know what I'm saying? Now I'm trying to do it again and it's like how do you even compete with that? Or do you even try to compete with that? I mean you could have a dug festival at this point in Detroit or something. I think the city Needs it You know what I mean? Something every year Dope Dug day something out. But do you think they gonna get tired? No, Not If. you keep bringing new artists. You know. So how do I do it? Do I bring new artists out here? I would think so, yeah. Bring New artists. I mean the same thing what Gotti does every year when he does did that show and everybody comes on out. Meek did it a couple times in Philly. Yeah, Drake got the OVO fest. Drake got the OVO fest And then he gives you an opportunity to introduce new Detroit artists every year.


Yeah. Yeah. That one I'm a see this year I'm gonna try to focus on like the newer artists You. know what I'm saying? The newer artists of The World. That was about like just I put my all in that one You. know what I'm saying? This year I feel like I, I know what they want. Like I feel I could do it now I could set it up. You, you, you had Jeezy and you've always spoke about admiring Jeezy. Y'all worked together. He on the the new album, the BMF record. When you look at how he evolved as a man. Yeah. Did that inspire you? Do you look at that and be like, oh okay, I see what what street? Yeah like niggas can go Man. Yeah.


Watching Jeezy bro. You know Jeezy my favorite artist. So it's like You know I just keep tabs. I don't try to You, know what I'm saying? I don't try to be on it too much. I just be keeping tabs. And I just be You know. I see him dropping books. I seen You know even having found You, know what I'm saying? Trying new stuff. So You know I just admire it from afar man. You know what I'm saying? That's my guy hit him up eight chance I get, let him know You, know what I'm saying? What I got going on. He tell me what he got going on. Oh even Gotti. 'cause we seen the transition from Gotti as well. Yeah man, these boys, these boys growing up man. Everybody man, I'm trying to get there one day man. Get that a hundred million with them boy.


How? How did you feel when Gotti You know publicly offered $2 million than any lawyer who could help you get out prison? I was like man, why ain't nobody accepting this shit? Huh? For real. I'm like man, God damn making Free. Got God. I'm in there looking at counselors crazy. Y'all heard what he said You know what I'm saying? Oh man, I wanted to get out so bad bro. But You know. I mean just the fact he


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Step into The World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse With family Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now@chumpofcasino.com. Welcome to the family V DW group. No purchase necessary. Avoid more prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 Plus@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto. It's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all your investing in one place. 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


During the summertime when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends and family or on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and home Internet keeps you connected. Whether you're at home or on the go, you can stay connected to your loved ones and to your favorite things. Whether you're sharing picks from the best rooftops video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or streaming your favorite show episode after episode after episode. Connect at home or on the move with at T 5G and home internet and create memories and more. All summer long at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G four.


You Did that though. Just the fact he did that. Like yeah, put me at ease like it's all, it's almost over man. You know what I'm saying? Let, it is always good in there for people who got people in there. It is always good like to show that type of support. Even if it's just once a month. You just let 'em know like, bro we miss you out here. That's why I made we need you. Like wait fresh from the Fed. Like you gotta let these people know these, some of these people feel like life is over bro. Like they ain't never getting out done nobody love them You.


know what I'm saying? So you gotta just reassure these people like look bro, life ain't the same without you You. know what I'm saying? Stay focused. We coming to get you whatever it take. And that's just what I be trying to, that's what I feel like he did for me. That's and that's what I be trying to do. You, you so you felt forgotten for a little moment behind The wall. I won't say forgotten but You know you going, you can get caught up in that because it rub off. Even though I probably got the most support, somebody else probably don't got no support. So that had you thinking like you right man You know what I'm saying? I remember I was in there complaining about having 90 more days in my bunkie ain't ain't never getting out, you feel me?


I'm like why the hell they put me in here with him? Word you feel? I'm like when you getting out? Because I'm in there like man I got 90 days this killing me bro. I need to go now. You feel me? I'm like when you getting out bro? He like Bro I got life. Damn. I'm like what? You know what I'm saying? Then you get to thinking like how the hell they put me here? Like what they trying to flip the the script man that nigga might wall out one night. For real jealous of you coming home man. Man you feel me? That's all it takes bro. All it takes you get in there with the wrong person. How? How important is mail when you, when you behind? Very the most important thing like probably more important than phone calls.


Damn male. 'cause it's like You know somebody put that effort in, took their time out You. know what I'm saying? You be smiling a whole letter like who wrote you that? You were surprised that they actually took the time out to write you. I man's Gotti, my homeboy, he wrote me on a letter said like he ain't had his name on there. Said young and turn Entertainment You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. He wrote me What surprised you about it? Because like I said, he people young in the streets. Yeah like You, know what I'm saying? Feel like they ain't gonna write they call. No for sure.


Like 'cause it's hard for me to write like you. I ain't damn near, I don't know if I'm gonna write bro. Like unless it's You know you got the texting app now so you can write off your phone. But to see him actually put a letter in then everybody else saying like, You know we need you. That's the only thing I wrote. You know I said that in a song. So they just You. know what I'm saying? That was cool. They only wrote me a couple times but that was all. That was it. That was all I needed You know what I'm saying? All you need is one letter from somebody. Man you got somebody locked up just right on one sign. Well on on the record wrong. Right. You said you don't even smoke anymore. That is that 'cause of probation or you just wanna get to keep your head clear?


I don't do no lean no more. I don't do nothing like 'cause of probation. But anyway I don't know if I'd be doing it anyway. Not even smoking. Yeah, no, not nothing. Like I ain't even thought about it On the intro. The principal. Oh go ahead. Go ahead man. I was just gonna say why the title forever Us never them. I mean You. know what I'm saying? Like, like y'all saying like Detroit big right now. You know you trying to do everything And. I feel like I'm a, I won't say big enough person, but a aware enough person like that I could say it like forever us never them. Y'all seen what we did on the concert You.


know what I'm saying? Y'all seen everybody to rock with us like so let's do it. Us as Detroit. Yeah, yeah us as Detroit US is my homeboy, my family, us as just whoever you want it to be. Like forever Us never them. It might not even be them like You. know what I'm saying? That's how I wanted to put it On the, the intro you talk about, well the principal talks about probation being a trap and then You know we also saw you on social media being vocal about the conditions that were going on in prison. So what's making you wanna speak out about that? That now, Boy it was a hard time but they had me in there and no microwave.


You gotta eat warm your food up in the shower. Like imagine that. Imagine having to use the water in the shower. Like, and even when I was complaining, like they coming in there tearing my room up, getting mad. I'm like, how y'all mad at the conditions y'all got us living in. We already in jail but You know what I'm saying? How would you expect jail to be You know it is jail. Like don't what they tell you. Like don't come here You. know what I'm saying? It ain't no, it ain't gonna be a suite, it ain't gonna be a hotel. So I'm like You know I took that in consideration like you right. I shouldn't. You're still humans though. Yeah, they don't care.


Did are you using any of the Gotti's resources, like the Reform Alliance and all of that to maybe improve any of the conditions of prisons in Michigan? Well my principal, she like big on that. She going back into prisons and stuff like that right now. I'm like, we leaning on her man leaning on Wallo, man. You know Snoop the Wallo. Yeah, they got it going on man. They gotta change it. You said something on that record with ESTG man. What's the record called? Since when Win Win You said you got a chick who gives you head with two missing teeth? I gotta like eat the like both her teeth missing. Yeah, I said like her like both her teeth missing.


Oh so she got teeth. Oh okay. You said like both her teeth. Oh all right. 'cause I was just like why you just don't buy new teeth? Yeah, no I was just like, You know. You know when you growing up you hear the old people like Man crack Headss, don't nobody get here like girl, no teeth like You. know what I'm saying? So I feel like that was a little sleep Show me. I mean You know lived a life man. It's something to that You know. It's definitely, it's definitely something to that. All right. You know. So you did director with Meek. Thanks. I dunno what is going on in The? World. It was gonna go crazy. It was about to, I, I definitely like the features that you got on it Ry Low.


I like the record with Meek. Talk to me about that and any conversation that you guys shared guys and tell him The truth what you said, Huh? As a woman, tell 'em what you didn't like. Alright. I ain't really damn man. You really be doing too much. Tell him what you Didn't like. Like I think it's a song with Meek or maybe it's a song after but you're like, that's Meek shut Up, that's Meek. It's like, yeah, fuck that bitch. And he fucked that bitch. Yeah we fucked that bitch. You mad. We fucked that bitch. You know Sound crazy coming from you when she said that. I said you gonna be really mad when you hear Duck say he don't fuck girls fuck nobody girl no more. He fuck they mama fuck their mamas.


I was just like, alright, this is a lot. That that's all. But I mean we was geeked up man. We, we was just in there You, know what I'm saying? It was like on them uptempo beats. So I'm just in there going like, how you mad at me? She fucking, how you mad at me? He fuck You. know what I'm saying? It wasn't really nothing towards no, no particular girl. But that's a good question. Why you mad Nala it? So I just don't love it. I don't wanna hear it. I don't Why you gonna switch it up? Why you mad at me? He fucking You. know what I'm saying? I hear what you're saying. I I I get the bars. I get it. I get it. But talk about working with Meek. 'cause I know you guys both have had You know similar trials.


Did you guys Me my homie, man You know what I'm saying? Good dude came from like similar places You. know what I'm saying? When I was young You, know what I'm saying? Meek was the first dude we kinda seen doing this. Like hopping on Jet and Rolls Royces, dirt bikes bust down watches. So you gotta always pay how much the guy like Meek, meek did it first And You know You and Sexy Red got the the record. NPO You know that's a classic BET uncut record. Yeah, for sure. Is that Your inspiration? Yeah, for sure. Okay. Like I was just You know when I heard it, like when I was thinking of putting it on there, I'm like, who gonna be the perfect person?


I'm like, I thought I heard like she gotta be on her You. know what I'm saying? And. I felt like, I feel like music always circled back like You know what I'm saying? So I feel like going back, that was a good one. I, I ain't heard nobody, I heard somebody use the title, but I ain't heard nobody actually use that. The Hook people. I ain't You know what I'm saying? I feel like the old people appreciated it. The old people? Yeah. Like the older, the older people You. know what I'm saying? Do you hate the internet? Man, I don't wanna say I hate it. I just probably hate how it's used. Like I don't know how to use it. You know what I'm saying? I might get on there and Wild I like, but I ain't been doing it lately.


I just talk shit now. Like You know. But it's like, it's tricky man. Like internet changed the way of life Because it seemed like every, every so often they come at you about something. Like the last thing I saw was, I don't know what they Beef with with me. You, you was out playing with your daughter and they started saying you and your daughter was the same high school. Yeah. Like I don't see, I don't, I don't really get too mad at that type of stuff. I don't get mad at jokes at all. I just get mad at like the, the, the foul look like You, know what I'm saying? A joke is a joke. I can take a joke, any joke really. But the crazy stuff I be like You, know what I'm saying?


I don't really, but it's the internet so you, you always gonna be open that type of stuff. Being like a celebrity or You know they always gonna come at you with this. They always gonna come at you with that. So you gotta think these people ain't got nothing else to do man. Nothing else to do. Now you said that, that the beats and hip hop have declined. You, you think producers are are not making beats so good caliber anymore? Yeah, I feel like they ain't trying. Like I remember we used to go to the studio, it used to take us like 2 3, 2 3 beats. We picking a song and it almost probably gonna be a hit like You. know what I'm saying? Now we in there listening for hours, two hours just going through and it's just like, man, I feel like I did good though.


You got some jamming shit. As far as my take, like I feel like I always do good. You pick, you pick right one. But it took me longer than it usually take me You. know what I'm saying? So You know. Hopefully it get better. I been hearing like music, music and all like just been declining the music sales, the more people listening, like I just been hearing like people just, I don't know what it is. They, people putting all trash, not putting enough effort into it. Yeah. Hell yeah. You know. You see who doing it? All the girls shifting over. Yes, the girls putting out the hit. It's like, hey, it is down there. Like everything, they put out a hit almost like You know certain girls they hitting.


I Definitely, I'm saying that the other day. I like, I was like sexy And it's like we competing with them I think because they they seem to be having more fun. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, like, like the the, the dudes are still being too tough a little bit. I mean And I was talking to somebody. I'm like man what they should do is how to dudes do What you mean? Like sexy need to go make a mix table Gorilla. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like they need to now I was telling Guy like they need to do it while they can do it like You know what I'm saying? Like how Drake would, how did deal with Future Drake Did a record with Future that he did one with 21 You.


Know what I'm saying? Like they, I don't know if they think like that, but that's why I was like, that's how you, you really put your foot on this shit. Why you didn't use Gorilla instead of Sexy Ray? Like is just a matter of Like, nah we got, we got Glow, we got Glow on a few songs. It just was like she not on The album. Is she? I ain't going No I ain't got her on my, I ain't got on that. But me and her got a few songs, You know what I'm saying? And You know it's just a matter of balance. Like you feel me? I'm doing everything. I think when it comes to your point about production, sometimes production carries the beat for certain artists. Yeah. You know and sometimes artists and Sometimes the artist carry. Yeah, yeah. Somebody told me that about Future like this guy, this producer, I'm like, I'm like man I don't really been liking a beat.


We was talking about this. I'm, I'm telling. I like, he like bro like Pluto, Pluto can make any song like Hard bro like You know what I'm saying? He was saying like that. Yeah. I'm like I got what he was saying. Like he right. Maybe I should start rapping on anything. I see. I see. Gotti's not on the album. Got ain't want to got, ain't wanna rap no more. Is Gotti done Done? No I wasn't that. Mm. I feel like Gotti always gonna be You know with me. Like he will never You know what I'm saying? It just like, it just was, I had so many other songs features bro. It was hard nailing this song, this stuff down.


'cause I don't be like them put that many songs out 'cause I be like bro they gonna skip over these songs. I'm gonna be mad like You know what I'm saying? But now that I put it out like that, I'm kind of glad 'cause I'm seeing people like Man no Skips, they like front to back and they like I every song You, know what I'm saying? They like, well these are our favorites but bro we listen to the whole thing bro. We like the whole tape and that be keeping other people probably be having bigger songs than me on they Tape. But Gotti was telling me like by you putting out good music, your tape be up, your tape be on the church a lot longer, a lot You. know what I'm saying?


So I'm like okay, I'm gonna keep that in mind. I just wanna make good music instead of big songs. Amen. Did you see, I, I gotta ask you, 'cause you're from Detroit, did you see Skill of Babies say that most people in Detroit wouldn't say Eminem is the best rapper From Detroit? I ain't see 'em say that, but that's probably You know what I'm saying? How they feel? Why just 'cause it's a different generation or, Or not relatable. Yeah, probably both. Some people ain't like the new kids don't even know about Eminem like You know what I'm saying? How would they, you would have to like really be a music person like to go back. I know. So that's always my car when somebody get to bring it up somebody from somewhere else.


I like yeah we got Eminem. You feel me? I feel like he did he a goat But he also didn't make You know he didn't make street music. Yeah, for sure. So it probably ain't touch you all but He made deep music. Like yeah I feel like listening to that type of stuff is the reason I can make songs like Knees You and Fresh and Fed because I always was them type of songs like I go listen to To Soldiers or Stan, like you could tell a story. Those was my favorite songs. So when it's my turn to make real song, like I already You know I already damn there know how to channel it. Like, 'cause I know what I'm looking for.


I'm looking for a stand type of vibe or I'm looking for a T You. know what I'm saying? And people probably ain't, I mean You know it's a new generation of kids so they probably don't even, ain't even probably listen to Eminem. Nothing. You know Skill of Baby also said something else. And you said something earlier that made me think about it, about the a Detroit rapper like becoming that next next person. Yeah. And he said he don't feel like Detroit rappers are as consistent as they should be. You feel that way? Yeah, but bro, I don't know if people know how hard it is to get a banger like You. know what I'm saying? It is. It ain't that easy. Like these people trying.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I feel like they dropping the music, it just ain't connecting. Like it just ain't a big song. Like they can't help it. We can't help it. Like all you, you just gotta do your best man You. know what I'm saying? Keep trying man. Like If, you go in there with the mentality. I'm trying to make a banger. How often do you actually come out with one? Honestly, like I go in there like I'm trying to make a good song. Well I go in there like I'm trying to make a banger for the studio You. know what I'm saying? Say if we all in the studio, I'm trying to make a banger for y'all You. know what I'm saying? And hopefully it You, know what I'm saying? It connect with The World when You did we paid in Maybach.


That was the mindset. Like let's just turn up in the studio And do no hell no. I ain't even think for sure. Ain't think none of them. No. Oh wow. No, hell no. I made we play like I was telling somebody before, like when I made we play it, I was kind of uncomfortable rapping on that type of beat because it was so slow. It just won my bounce. I didn't see, I didn't see it with with with that one either. 'cause it, it is so slow when that first kick hit. It's crazy. Yeah, it wasn't my bounce. So me and baby in there, we just freestyling really You know what I'm saying? So as I'm freestyling, as he's freestyling, we just going back and I'm like, before I go broke like Jock You. know what I'm saying?


I said that and he like, you gotta put that on there. Damn And I put that dirty man. Nah, I was just saying it like I was just trying to say some Atlanta stuff so I'm feel before I go broke like Jack, that dog like Vic and he like put that on there. Like And I had left that song alone. Like we had ra all through the song. He came back to it like look, let's put a hook on here. So he must have like, it was like this, this You know. He must have felt like he like let's put a hook on that. We go back in and that's why I came in like still a be If, you listen to it, you could hear me like still a be my last shooting Dyson the Hood.


That's the whole new added part. His verse really came after that You, know what I'm saying? It was straight me, his verse. So he like asked some more then we going to beat the hook. And when we got to the hook I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah we pay. I'm like, hell no. Like You know what I'm saying? I'm like, you like that? I ain't like that. I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah. We I'm, I feel like it was just so cheesy. You know what I'm it took off. Shit. Took off. Man. You know. That's like you just never know bro. You ever ran into Jock after that? No. No. I don't know what Jock might, my jock might try this shit.


Jock been talking crazy on that man. I'm like bro, I ain't got no problem bro. God damn. You just rapping. Yeah, You and baby y'all. He he, he held you down your your bid, your whole bid. Right? Oh for sure. Yeah Sure. But even then You know, like I said, jail a dark place. So you don't want keep calling people Living Life You know You know what I'm saying? You might check in once a three weeks month just checking in so he wouldn't even get out every time You know what I'm saying? Man, so, so You know. So, but soon as you got out you, you For sure. Yeah I saw him. I thought I saw him give you some money or something. Yeah, You gave him some money. You sure gave me some money.


Gotti. You was straight. How much though? They gave me about that million. What? Like all together. Oh, all together. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, a few hundred thousand. So baby gave you a few hundred thousand Future gave you a few hundred thousand Future gave me a hundred nigga sound like the I I don't want no nigga homeboy. Hey you You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. They ain't gimme nothing man. Listen, Did baby give you the money and then pull out the dice and say let's get it? No, me and him don't even me and him don't even shoot dice against each other no more. We go against other people. Well how? Because y'all just too good.


We could be too cool You know what I'm saying? We too cool. Yeah That makes sense there. There was a rumor man that you and Offset had got into a, a fight over a dice game. Any truth to that? I mean we ain't get in no fight. I say we got into a argument. You know the internet like pipe it up like Yeah they turned it into you got robbed and You know I be, man I ain't get robbed man. I'm not the type of guy that even go for that type of shit. You know. You know the internet. The internet man You know even these people man. They like playing to this shit how they want to. You just gotta let these people have this shit man. Nigga, how you in jail forever man?


Trying to prove a point. Trying to prove who you not You. know what I'm saying? So I'm like whatever happened man. You know what I'm saying? Y'all know who I am You know what I'm saying? Y'all know what I'm going from Or is there one? You ain't all set? No, we ain't really got no relationship. I ain't got nothing against nobody though. Honestly. I do my own thing You. know what I'm saying? I be with who I be with. Let everybody else get off how they get off. So Who would you rather run it to Offset a young jock? Shit? Both. Yeah. Nah, I'm talking shit. Four, two dog. Ladies and gentlemen. The album Mercy Forever. Us never been out right now how you answer that one? You guys crazy. We appreciate you for joining us.


Appreciate Char Man. Good to See you brother. Stay focused Man. Appreciate it man. It's four two Duck. It is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast. Club


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2000. And 21 State. Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey guys. It is Ryan. I'm not sure if You know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can. I like to work, but I like fun too. It's a thing. And now the truth is out there. I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free anytime, anywhere, and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun Sign up now@chumbacasino.com. No purchase Necessary BTW conditions. 18 plus@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing, Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your couch with the AC blasting at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing picks from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


This is Dr. Joy Harden Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. There are millions of books on Amazon, so there's a reading feeling for everyone. So if you're after that excited ha ha feeling like when you discover you have a lot in common with Vikings or something, Amazon has books for you, or maybe you enjoy the sort of nervous ha ha that comes when the hero barely escapes the zombies. Or maybe you like the smug that comes when the villain gets what he deserves. You know Amazon has it all. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.