
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring Spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms. Applies to orders over $35.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Friend to the room. Larry Morrow, welcome back sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for having me. How you doing? I'm doing well man. How's everything with you? Everything's Good man. Just, just working. Just working. I gotta say thank you first because for people that don't know, I have a 21-year-old son. He plays football for University of Miami and he was down for Super Bowl and he wanted to go out and you know, super Bowl's very expensive. Cardi B was going to Larry's spot and he was like, yo, I want to go. Do you know anybody? I'm like, I might know somebody. Yeah, I called Larry and, and Larry gets him in and and Larry took care of him.


Had bottles for him. Yep. He was like, dad, I gotta pay. I'm like, I'm not paying for that. So Larry took care of him, so thank you. That's what's Thank you so much man. He had a great time. We was out, he was out later than me most nights. Yeah, The 21-year-old energy. Yeah. Now Larry A. Good brother, man, when I, I landed in New Orleans and literally everybody and their mama was like, you gotta go to one of Larry's spots. You gotta go one of Larry's spots. You gotta go one of Larry's spots. And guess what Larry opening up another spot. Another spot Another from Larry. Spicy Mango. Spicy Mango. Yep. Yep. A New Orleans Caribbean Fusion. So tell us about it. Gonna be some So Spicy Mango. It's a new spot I'm opening up right there in the, it's it's called French Frenchman Street. So Frenchman is like, it's like bourbon but more local live music versus strip clubs and bars.


It's like live music restaurants and we'll opening right at the forefront of it. So be new concept. I'm opening up New Orleans, Caribbean Fusion giving like different vibes, you know, it'd be like one of one in New Orleans, you know, we have Caribbean spots but we, but we don't have that fusion to where you can get like that, like that Tulum vibe, you know? Yeah. We are, we're upbeat good food, you know. Good vibes. One thing I noticed about your restaurants, 'cause I've been to all of them, you treated me very nice. Me and my team. Very great. Super Bowl weekend. Is that your ambiance is always lit. It's always like you're out of town somewhere, you know, but I, I wanna know this. Where's your, your accent?


My accent. Like You, you from New Orleans? Yeah. No. Why you don't sound like everybody else, David. A Lot, a lot of, a lot of people say I, I sound like I'm from New Orleans. A lot of people say I don't Yeah, you. But I travel a lot. So Emini here since you know, my, my early twenties, you know, 19, 20 years old. I travel a lot would come to New York. A lot of people tell me, I sound like I'm from New York but a lot of my friends are from New York. Like a lot of my good friends. So I don don't know. I just wanted to know. You just don't sound like one of them down. You don't sound Sound like one of them. Yeah. This is a stupid question because you know there's 20, 30 restaurants that exist in a city at one time. Do you ever feel like you're competing against yourself? Nah, I think could it all different concepts in different vibes. Like if you want like more of a New Orleans southern cuisine, you go to Morrows.


If you want Asian there, slap Asian, a Asian fusion, you go to Sun Chung, you want a steakhouse vibe, different ambiance. Monroe Steakhouse is amazing. Yeah, Totally different vibe. You go to Marro Steak, but if you want like more brunch, outdoor type of vibe, you go to Monday. That's my favorite one. Yeah. And Monday's a totally different, you know, spot than all of 'em. So when people ask me which one I like the best, it's kind of hard to say because they're all different. So it all offer different vibes. So if they were more similar, maybe I can say which one I like the best. But you know, it depend on what I want. Which one are you at the most? At one point I was at Monday the most because that's where the office, you know, is. But right now I'm at Spicy Mango, I'm at Marrow's because we just, you know, last year we bought the building and we're renovating.


So we upstairs had Airbnbs gutted it, made it a kitchen bar dining, private dining. So the expansion, we went from holding 85 people to holding maybe, you know, close to 200 mm. Will you have a real Jamaicans in there sucking their teeth at you when people come in right before they about To clothes? No, we, we got a lot of people. So it's, it's, it's actually our, our our our, one of our head chefs, you know, she's Jamaican. So yeah, we definitely gonna have the real authentic Caribbean vibes and fusion. Now also, you know, you do this with your mom and your grandmother. Yes. So break that down. How was working with, with your mom and your grandma? 'cause sometimes family business is not the best thing in The World, Man. Working with your mother And I love your mom and grandma.


I love them to death. They always come out the kitchen show love, say, you know, hello. So I, I love them Man. It, it's, it's crazy 'cause working with my mom is definitely early on she had to like, it was, you know, we, we'll meet up at work and she'll, they still think I'm a son but mommy business partner. So it was a total different experience because we had to learn to work with each other. You know, we never worked with each other in that capacity. So it was challenging, you know, we, it was times where we were just, you know, it, it was tough for us to get along just because we, you know, mom and son and you know, partners and stuff. So it was tough. And me and my grandma, you know, I opened up this that spot And I, And I named it after her.


It was like my me, you know, paying homage to just her journey. Just everything she's done, you know, coming from a career to America and building that, you know, that that foundation for us to build on it was kind of me giving her flowers while she can still smell 'em. So that's where Sun Chung come from and you know, I opened that up and you know, it's been cool. Of course she wants things to be the way that she envisioned and sometime, you know, it, it's not really the way that you can operate a business that does as much volume as we do. More like a mom and pop. Yeah, you can, but you know, we're more of like High functioning. Yeah. You know, more of like a corporate setup now. Like have HR have, you know, marketing directors, just the whole team, you know, close to 500 employees.


You got some nice thuds working in Mondays too. I wanted to say that they came out The kitchen To see me. Some good studs. They some nice, handsome and pretty still, you know, 'cause they, that's Why you like to go to Mondays all the time. Yeah. Yo, I, I haven't been to Mondays yet. Yo Mondays look, I'd they gonna come out in the kitchen like, you like your food. I was like, yeah, no, That's funny. That's Funny. So why they don't have like stud muffins? That'd be dope. Oh, you know what I'm saying? On the video, They listen, listen, when they hear this, they gonna be Yes. I love that first. All the studs already love Jess Jessica. No, I'm a stud magnet. Yeah. When you and your mom bump heads, like how do you, how do you shift it from business to personal? Like, you know, you bump heads, but then you still gotta go back to being your mom's stunt.


Well, So it would, of course it would affect personal, but it was more so when we first started to partner up because we had to figure out how to operate with each other. She wanted her way, I wanted it my way. And unfortunately you can't have it both ways. Sometimes, you know, sometimes you gotta really decide on which way we're going. So it's just us just, just learning. And, but it did affect personal at times because if we are not talking at work, we're not talking, you know, at home. Or it may affect our personal and, and, and it's a challenge. But you know, you gotta be patient and you gotta just really learn how to operate with, you know, with family, you know, in amongst of just operating the business. Now was was the Super Bowl weekend, everything you thought it was gonna be?


Yeah, man, super Bowl was, you know, my whole thing was to just, when I do, when I produce events, it's not just about making money. It's about showing up, showing up for the, you know, new Orleans as a whole. And you know, just when people come to New Orleans, like as y'all know, I like to show that southern hospitality. So I wanted to roll it out and, and and, you know, get it popping. So that's what I did. You know, we had Travis Scott, Cardi B Meek, Gilli Wallow Gorilla what? Wasilla 50 sexy. Lotto 50. You have sexy. It ended up not, not showing up because he had some, something happen. He didn't come town. Sexy red, sexy red kai and everybody was there. It was crazy. So all that different Spots. So I, oh, I saw the party.


So, so, so I had three different venues. I own a spot called Hide and Seek, which is a club, a spot called Triage, which is a club. And I rented out this venue called Empire. There have some good friends of my own, Alonzo and Joey. So I did that. And you know, the whole goal was to just really, you know, you know, last time we had an opportunity, like this was All Star in 2017. So when, when something like this happens, I feel like it's a time to, to not just make money, but to really just have a great time and show everybody how we do it in New Orleans. Right? Yeah. I was gonna ask, you know, during Covid a lot of restaurants had first did bad and then they picked back up. But then when, when The World opened back up, a lot of restaurants closed. We seen it with, with PF Chang's.


They had problems. And Applebee's, TJ Fridays, red Lobster even. Yeah. So how is is the restaurant business as far as you and how are you, you sustaining? Well It, it was one of those things where, you know, COVID kind of slowed everybody down. And me coming outta CI was so motivated to do something, figure it out. 'cause I felt like it slowed everything down that I was doing. So I opened up Tree House in 2021 Memorial Weekend. And, you know, everybody wanted to be outside, so I'm making, you know, the most money I ever made. And so I got a taste for it. Like, I had marrows open And I opened up Tree House And I got a taste for it. I'm like, I'm making this fast money. I wanted to reinvest it. So a lot of spots that were calling about to, to rent, they, you know, they weren't available.


But at one point, you know, everybody started calling me. And during Covid man I committed to like four locations, five locations. 'cause I opened up, opened up after Tree House, opened up five more locations and, you know, it kind of really just made me level up. You know, I I I was just, you know, COVID made everybody feel like they had to do something, do more. Yeah. And so, you know, now Spicy Mango, I'm finally getting to a point to where we're about to open up due to just me not really understanding the industry and how much time and money it takes. But it was a grind. And I, and I'm, I'm glad I did it. It taught me a lot. Be but you know, to, to commit to so much and not really have a full understanding of what's all required.


You know, it's like you really rolling the dice. So I'm, I'm blessed to just be at this point now where we're about to open up and, you know, this is a seven location and, and we've been blessed to see a lot of success in the industry. What's the ultimate goal for you? Ultimate goal is of, of course is to inspire the, the next generation of black, you know, restaurateurs, black hospitality. 'cause in this industry, it's not many people that look like us that I can go to and get advice from. I have a lot of friends who I talk to have great successful businesses and there's been great mentors to me, but it's not many people that I can talk to. So I think definitely inspiring the next generation of black culinary, black hospitality, but also, you know, growing something, The World is constantly changing.


If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35


At, you know, like just for just something for my family, you know, it is bigger than just the the the money. It's the legacy. It's about building something that, you know, can take care of me and my family. You know, not just this generation but the next one. You know, Somebody said to me, somebody I, I've forgot who I was talking to. They was like, yeah, we, we might connect with more roles to franchise. And I'm like, I don't know if I want that Franchising. Yeah, yeah. I'm not Franchising. Yeah. I'm like, why would you leave New Orleans? No. Well, well no. Well so, so not franchising. Okay. Right. I got a lot of people who called about franchising or just even companies that want to invest into what we're doing a hospitality group. But right now it's like, you know, we're doubling down. Actually had a conversation yesterday with a good friend who invested into a lot of different ventures and extremely successful and he was just like, man, it's time to start taking, you know, it's time to start raising money, right?


You're doing extremely well, but imagine how, how, how big you can get if you do. So I'm, I'm, I'm conflicted on what we're, what we're going to do. But the goal is to, you know, be become, you know, one of the largest black hospitality groups in the country and not limited to, you know, we just want to be able to inspire people through what we're doing. I never knew I was gonna be in this industry, but to be in it and to do something with my moms, to have my family involved, it is a feeling less indescribable, you know, is Atlanta And Houston next. Houston, Hey Houston for sure. I See where you spend the most time. You spend the most time. Houston, I've been living in Houston for like three and a half years. You know, I got some homies out there who, who've kind of been a tremendous help.


Like a life. Those are some guys in the industry, you know, hospitality industry that I really admire and respect what they do. You know, 'cause they, they've done it even prior to me getting into it. You know, I will see what they're doing. And that's one of the people that I can say that Junior Martin and Big J that I was really inspired by somebody who looked like me. You know? Is the fool gonna taste the same though in Houston? It is. You know, I'm like, I I, I'll be there, my mama be there and it's a 45 minute flight. Right. You know, we're real, you know, it is all about just the, just the, the structure that you have, like the, the the chefs and just the, the systems that you have. So, you know, I'm anal about everything man. So Emini here Sure. That, you know, we, we are on point with that. How Was, How was doing Tamara with your mom?


Oh man, Tamara with my mom was, that was dope man. 'cause we did it what Tuesday we came out here for that. And it was a different experience because you, you know, grew up, you watching these talk shows and the be on one and they got the, the, the door that opened and the audience and you walk out and everybody just, you know, screaming and stuff. It, it was pretty cool. Yeah. Totally different experience. When do you get rest, yo? Because you got restaurants in the day, you got all these businesses and then at night you, you still do your events. Like where do you even get rest? So like, I'm so used to it. So Just say if I get in at one, 2:00 AM or even later, you know, I, I, I use the next day to, to really rest. You know, I, I gotta catch up on my rest.


'cause I'm, I'm really like, if I get in late, I still gotta wake up early, right? I still wake up, I go to the gym. I like to follow the same regimen. And I think, you know, that consistency has really helped me just, not just in my morning routine, but in my day-to-day life really helped me, you know, get to where I'm at, you know. So no, I, I rest whenever you know, Whenever you can. Yeah, whenever I get in, like some days I go in early And I just rest and you know, some days I get in late so, but I could never like, you know, just get A-A-A-A-A full rest. Of course if I'm coming in late to add, I still gotta get up early. To Add on what Jess said, you also got a a child? Yes, A 5-year-old. So You got a five year. Wow Man, it's amazing. Girl, Boy girl. A girl.


Yeah. So she demands daddy's time too and Yeah, yeah, yeah. It is crazy. It's very strict. She told me, she said, daddy, you taking me and mommy on a date, she be looking forward to the date, you know, so yeah, it is a full-time job, but you just, you know, just figuring it out. Like I don't have it all figured out. Every day is a new day and we just ba I'm just trying to figure out how to balance it, but I make it work, you know, got to And I have no other choice. That's right. You know? Yeah. Well so what with your employees, how difficult it is with dealing with different personalities? Oh man, I think that's the most difficult challenge. But, and, And when you have to let somebody go, do you do it or does your human resource department do it? Oh, human resources. At one point when we were a lot smaller I would do it, but, you know, I realized I had to remove myself from a lot of that just because, you know, I I, I can't be the, I can't be the person hiring and firing, you know, at this point, you know, my team they hire and they, they fire as well, but it is tough dealing with a bunch of different personalities.


But I, I think we have a great team. I love it. It's like one big family. So, you know, it is not, I wouldn't say it's the toughest because you know, a lot of people who work with, with us, you know, I've been knowing for a long time and you know, even though we've known each other for a long time, we don't let that affect how we operate. So. Gotcha. It, it, it is cool man. I, I love it. Alright. When is spicy mango opening? So, spicy Mango is about, about 30 to 45 days out. Nice. So sometime next month in May, we'll we'll be opening Soft. Won't really do a grand opening probably into June or closer to Essence. So, you know, we gonna take our time. It's yeah.


Just to kind of ease into it. Not really like, you know, broadcast it that we're open, but just open soft and get the kinks out just so that when we do fully open, you know, we're prepared. Yeah. And you know, LA you always are a very, you know, you're the, you're the consummate businessman always so professional. What happened with you and the, the the food reviewer? Man, I can't believe I asked you that. What happened? Well, there was a video of of, of Larry interacting with a few reviewer. And the food reviewer tried to, well he tried to take his phone. He, no, he tried to take your phone, Man. I don't remember what happened, but I don't know what happened. I just know Larry end up throwing hands. No, no Larry, you throwing hands when I'm down in Dirty.


Damn. But, but Nah, You know what I, our producers as assholes now I get that's why they was playing the, That He was walking in. Oh wow. Nah, nah, it honestly, man, just being a, a black man and successful young in a city where like New Orleans, I think in any city you just run into issues at times. You know, like I'm outside majority like more than 99% of the people. And when you are, you know, things happen. You know what Emini here. But you Need security though, Larry. Yeah. I see you floating around the city by yourself. You need a Buffer. No, no, no. I have security, but you know, it is like, I like to be alone A lot of times. That's the issue. I like to be alone a lot of times, so people don't know.


I'm like this introvert extrovert to where I've been around so many people for so long that I I I enjoy being alone. Yeah. So it's kind of like what I've morphed into over the years just because of, you know, it, it's so much in this industry, but man, I just learned like, you know, just, just sometime things happen and, you know, it's never no hard feelings, but, you know, at the end of the day, you know, when it come to anything that is mine, I'm gonna definitely protected, you know, by, by any means. So just sometime unfortunate situations happen and ain't never intentional, but, you know, it just happened. And it's interesting to hear you say that you've been living in Houston the last few years because I I thought you were still living in New Orleans. Nah, But I, I'm never really there.


I'm never really there. Just because once I committed, I I, I moved out there during Ida and that's when a storm hit New Orleans in 2021, the, the first year everything really opened up. And I thought I was gonna be able to be out there more. But when, when that happened, when I, when I committed to all these restaurants, like I couldn't go to Houston and spend all the time I wanted out there because I didn't know that it was gonna require all this time and energy. And so, you know, I ended up just keeping it just so I won't get so comfortable in New Orleans and decide not to take that next step, you know? So yeah, because I'm, I'm really looking forward to that next step in that next chapter to where we expand and I, I think, you know, I, I've done a great job of just doing what we're doing in New Orleans, but now it's time to just really spread those wings.


All Right. Well we appreciate you for joining us. If you in New Orleans thing, because people in the comments were saying that, that you needed to get outta New Orleans because the hate is so real for successful people. Do you feel that way, Man? Yeah. And my OG told me he had a conversation yesterday, right, Canaan. Right. And he was just saying that like, you know, being a black man ain't easy man, just no matter where you are, just being successful and black wherever you are is different. Because like, I had a conversation with a friend of mine as well. He looked different than me. Successful, extremely wealthy. And I'm, I, I explained to 'em, I say, you won't, you know, you don't have the same problems that I have And I may not have the same problems you have, but, you know, being black and successful in any city, especially a smaller city where it's not, it it as big as a New York.


Right. Emini here you can sometimes be a target or just stand out. So, you know, it is, it is tough, but you know, that's just what come with it, you know, it's not something, it made me realize that years and years ago I used to, you know, I, I become more protective about what's mine and not so open about everything, you know? So, because you start to just realize that man, it just ain't the best just for everybody to know everything about what you got going on. Yeah. What's happening. I'm already outside a lot. You know what Emini here just because I'm got my businesses and stuff, so, you know, it's tough, but you know, it is what it is. It come with it. Somebody gotta do It. Somebody gotta do it. That's right. You know. All right, well if you're in New Orleans, definitely check out, tell 'em the lineup of all the restaurants.


So come to New Orleans. Check out Morrow's Monday, sun Chung, Morro Steak. Spicy Mango is opening up in about 30 to 45 days at New Orleans. Caribbean Fusion in the, and of course you, you gotta come to Treehouse. Treehouse. Yeah, you gotta come to Treehouse. You gotta come to hide and seek, you know, so, so far seven locations, we'll maybe open up more soon. Just really depend on, just really depend on a few different things. But yeah, definitely plan on, you know, moving to Houston. Congratulations. I Love more Congrat state man. Congratulations. What just said is true 'cause it got, it got the ambiance but then it got just the, the dope ass ing food. Like Larry set me and my wife up 'cause it was our anniversary that weekend. We had a ball place. Thank you very much.


Nah, I appreciate y'all. Thank y'all. And if You want nightlife, that's the, it is the one of the safest places to go to. You check out Tree House on Mondays is, like you said, you never know who's in there. I've been in times where Nas was in the back cut in the corner, chilling. I'd have been the time where Fab was in there. Cardio it doesn't matter. But appreciate you for joining us, brother. I Appreciate y'all. Thank y'all. It's Larry Morrow. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job? It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Spring cleaning. Sure if we have to, but we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting. They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feed. New premieres returning series, exclusive interviews. The top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the best Spring streaming picks.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Jr from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Amazon one medical presents. Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon one Medical healthcare just got less painful.