
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys. Offer spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity. Varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Jess. Hilarious. Is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren La Rosa filling in, and we got a special guest in the building. Ladies and gentlemen, the CEO, Mercedes Monet. Hey, welcome. What's up Champ? Thanks guys. Thanks for having me. How you feeling? I'm feeling good on this beautiful New York Morning. There you go. Was in a long, long traffic this morning, but it's good. I'm happy to be here. Oh, the UN is in town, that's why. Yeah, the In town. Yeah, that's What I heard. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I wanna, I wanna start from the beginning. For people that don't know who you are, you are a a, a huge wrestler. Yes. And how did you get into the wrestler game? What made you say, I wanna do that?


Ah, It's when I was 10 years old, I started watching wrestling on tv and there was like nothing on tv. I was scrolling through the channels and then WV was on And. I was like, whoa, what is this? This is interesting. My mom came in the room, she's like, turn this off. Wrestling for the devil wrestling so bad. I went to my brother's room the next door. You said, wrestl Is the devil. It Is the devil. The devil so bad. Right. She religious. She was very religious. Okay. Then I went to my brother's room, finished watching wrestling, and just instantly a light just came into my soul, was like, this is gonna be your soul calling. This is gonna be your sole purpose. And since I was 10 years old till now, here I am at 32. Every single day was just dreaming about wrestling and being a professional wrestler. And now here I am, the greatest women's wrestler of all time.


Did Your brother used to practice his moves on you DDTs? No, no, no. My my brother has special needs, so he couldn't have done that. No. Oh, Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. So, so you originally were born in California. Yes. And then you moved to to Boston. Yeah. Now, why did y'all move to Boston? Was it for your brother? It Was for my brother. My brother has special needs and we moved around a lot just to find the right doctors and the right schools for him. And finally, my mom got a job out in Boston. So It's the Boston accent. Yeah. We moved out there. I started training in MMA when I was 16 years old because there's no professional wrestling school that would train me at the time. He had a 18, well, you could fight For real then. I was, I was trying to train for real to get me ready for wrestling. Trained out in Massachusetts for two years, and then I turned 18 during a pro wrestling school.


And then two years later I got signed by wb. How did your mom feel when you started the training? My mom was like, oh God, why know? But once I got signed, she became my biggest fan. She drove me to all my wrestling shows and to wrestling training. So You know, deep down, she supported me. She, she loved it. She loved that. I had this dream of legit since I was 10 like this. I told my mom, this is what I was gonna do. This is my goal. This is my dream. And I, gotta go do it. But once I really made it, that's when she's like my biggest fan. Pardon my ignorance, I didn't know there was pro wrestling schools. It's like what? Rick Fla University or something. There's some professional wrestling University All over The World everywhere. For actual, for like, for this type of wrestling To, to be the best, you gotta train with the best.


And, I traveled all over The World to be the best. Is It like you get belts there, you get degrees? Like what do you Do? No, you don't. You learn, you get belts in the, the big leagues. I with, I'm with a w I'm a two time champion. No, you just begin training. You learn how to bump, how to hit the ropes, how to be a performer, how to cut promos. There's, like I said, there's wrestling schools all over. The, World, they're in New York, they're in Boston, they're in England, they're in Australia. Wrestling is is global. Do these organizations go to these schools to find talent? They Do. They scout 'em out. Wow. I did know that. They either scout 'em out or us as wrestlers, we have to book ourselves. We have to go out and make a, a name for ourselves and be seen. I remember riding to Wwe B every single week.


Anytime they were in town from Boston. I'm like, can I be, can I please be an extra? Can I be an extra work? Can I get a looked at? Then they looked at me and then they sent me down to Florida for a week tryout. And then that's when I got signed full time. Wow. Congrats. What Was your break, what was your big break that actually got you into wrestling? I feel like my biggest break was in 2015, myself and this wrestler named Bailey. We had the greatest women's match of all time Sports Illustrated. So we had the greatest women's match of all time. And that's really changed the landscape of women's wrestling. After that match, I felt like a lot of people started taking it seriously and really letting people know that women can do it, just like the men and more. And because me and Bailey had that match and the, the standing ovation and the crowd reaction, the next pay-per-view, me and her got to main event that pay-per-view special because we did so good.


Wow. And how many injuries did you receive You know throughout this whole process? And and how bad has it been? Not Too many. Not too many. I've had about five broken noses. Jesus, my ribs broken. Jesus dislocated pelvis. And you said not too many? Not Not too many. And last year I broke my heel, which took me out for a whole year. Mm. Yeah. How, how long Did it take before you feel like you made it in wrestling? Hmm. Hmm. I don't know. Maybe you don't feel like it. No, I feel, I feel like I'm, I made it. Okay. Like I said, 2015 was like that start of that buzz for women's wrestling. And then really 20 20, 20 21, where I main invented WrestleMania being the first ever black woman to main an event at WrestleMania.


That's when I really felt like I did something. I made it. I wanna sb off that match. That's another match where fans come to me and be like, because of that match, my little girl wants to be a wrestler, or I can bring my my kids to wrestling, or, I enjoy all of this because of your matches. You make me feel a certain type of way. So I feel like maybe really in 20 20, 20 21 is when I really felt like I made it. Or like I submitted my legacy and wrestling, You take wrestling with your spouse to a whole nother level. Like You know how you wrestle with your girl, or you have fun. You take that to a whole nother level. No, you can't play with her. No, you can't play with you. No, don't play with me. Don't play with me. I'll slam you down. I'll put you in a bank statement. I'll make you tap out If you mess with me in. Could you imagine you playing with your girl and all of a sudden she got you in the, in the Illegit Armour, the Headline like, all right, tap out.


You had to do that in real life for real, to one of your guys. Not to any of my guys. A couple of fans when they wanna come a little too close. Yeah. You don't Got security. I do have security. I was about to say, I Just got security, so yes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and you don't need security You know the, to protect you from people more so in some cases to protect people from you. Yeah, exactly. That exactly. That. Do guys like approach you like wanting you to do Bruel moves to Them all the time. Mercedes body slam me Body Slam Because they just wanna be really close and snug. But his, you gotta give him a new space. You gotta be like, push back, hold the championship and we'll stand a little, a little far apart for our pitcher. That's it. What do you think would've been your plan B? If.


you didn't make it as a wrestler? That's hard. I I never really had a, a plan B. Before I was a wrestler, I was a order taker at a restaurant. I was a shoe, a shoes associate. So I feel like maybe just a manager at a hotel. Like I, I just only saw wrestling. For me, that was my A, B, C, D, e, FG. My only goal, my only desire. So I think I would only be a professional wrestler in some type of way, You know or in the wrestling industry. Did you ever feel like giving up? Did you always have like, the full support of your family? Was there anybody saying, Hey, why don't you go learn a trade? There's, there's only been maybe twice in my career where I'm like, I don't think I can do this anymore. Just the, the pressure, the, the, the politics, let alone just the politics and being a woman in this sport, it's, it's a male dominated sport and a woman of color, nonetheless.


There was a couple times where I had to look deep down inside and be like, do I really wanna do this? Do I really wanna go through this pain every single day? It's not just mental pain, it's physical pain that we're putting our bodies through every single week with the travel and then the, the bumping, getting on the cars, driving to the next towns. But then I just look back into my soul and be like, what is your sole purpose? What makes you smile? What makes your heart You know flutter? What what makes you go chase your goals? And it's always been professional wrestling. Wow. What, you said you worked at a shoe store? I did. What store did you work with? Baker's Bake. Oh, they Store Baker Store. Yeah. So I see like your photos and your photo shoots, the stuff that you do for Monet Mag Yeah. Is like very like fashion, artsy it, so incorporating your fashion sense and then like what you like about art and all that stuff into your brand.


When did that become a thing? When did You know you needed to do that? Oh, right away. I mean, watching wrestling is larger than life. You had to watch like the macho man. He had the, the bright colors, the glasses, the hair. I knew when I was gonna be a professional wrestler. I wanted to be larger than life. 'cause I was such a shy girl growing up. Then when I got signed, I, I dyed my hair, I got the nails, I got the necklace, I got the glasses. And then really, I started to tap into myself and being like, okay, it's okay to be beautiful and feel that way and, and, and tap into your femininity, And, I love, fashion and art and getting to design your own wrestling gears. And, but wear that out every single week. It's the funnest part of wrestling. I love being a girl. And, I love coming up with my costumes. And I feel like I have the best costumes in the game.


You, is It true that, that Snoop is a relative of Yours? He's my first cousin, yes. Snoop is Your first cousin? Yeah. When did you find that out? Did you always know growing up Or did find I didn't, I didn't find out until I was maybe like 10 years old. And my dad's like, Snoop's coming to Iowa. Where, which I, where I lived at the time. He's like, so let's go see him. Saw him And I told everybody at school. I'm like, Snoop Dogg's my cousin. And everyone's like, no, he is not. No, he is not. Went to the concert. And Snoop gave me like a whole box of shirts to give to everybody at the school. The next day. And I felt like the coolest kid in class. And then when I was 16, he was hosting WrestleMania And I messaged my dad. I'm like, can you please ask Snoop to bring me to WrestleMania? Please, please, please. He brought me to WrestleMania And I feel like just from that end, our bond came from wrestling. Like we just talk about wrestling and we love wrestling.


Wow. And still to this day, he's one of my biggest fans and supporters. Wow. So first cousin, I mean, one of your parents is His brother? My dad is his uncle, yes. Oh wow. Wow. Uncle Rio. Wow. Wow. You'all smoke with him. Yes, of course, Of course. After a match. I'm hoping not before, After a match. Yes. It's for my inflammation inspiration. There you go. He is from Medicinal. Yeah. Yeah. Your name used to be Sasha Banks. Yes. And do you change it to Mercedes? Which is your real name? Real name. Why did the name change? Because Sasha Banks was such a big entity. Big brand. It was because I was with WWE and they own the ip, Sasha Banks. And it was time for me to grow and to to be more and, and to be more like I legit wanted to find myself.


And it's so hard to be a different identity and a different name for 10 years, having someone call you by a different name and pretending for you to be this character that they want you to be. So for me, I wanted more for women's wrestling. I wanted more for myself. And I said, where can I do that? How can I do that? And that was jumping the ship and going to a EW Where did the Sasha Banks name come from? It came from wb. They, they tell everybody when you get signed to come give up like a list of names. And I gave them Sasha with a different last names and banks with a different first name. And they were like, ding, Sasha Banks, here's your name. Was it Never an option for you to be like, I wanna own the IP of Sasha Banks, or that's just how it Goes? It's never the option. Not at that company, no. No, no. But with a EW now I own my name And I own my brand.


And it's the, it's the best it's ever been for myself in my career. It's the best. Do you ever feel like you was losing yourself in the caricature of Sasha Banks? Absolutely. Because you have to play her 24 7. Being a wrestler is, is role playing online. It's role playing offline. It's once you're off the flight you gotta be on is, once I put on that wig, I'm on. I'm Sasha Banks, and it's just like, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not her. I'm Mercedes. I'm Mercedes, Monet, And I really felt like it was time to, to be that and to own that brand. So what's the difference between, you think Mercedes, Monet and Sasha Banks? Well, Sasha was a legit boss. And now Mercedes, she leveled up. She is the CEO of her own life.


She's the CEO of the woman's division. And she is the best of the game. So she won't let anybody tell her no. And with Sasha Banks, I was told what to do. I was told what to say, I was told where to be. And now really, I get to be the CEO of my own life and, and let people know where I wanna be You know why? I know that you're a person who's willing to bet on theyself. You don't see people who leave the wwe No. To go to a company like a EW. So it is, I would, I would think it's like the other way around. Like WWE is like the top of the top, right? That's usually how it used to be. But now it's not. The wrestling has become bigger than ever. And now that there's a second brand like this, like a EW who's here to disrupt this industry, disrupt the business, it's been amazing.


Next week we're going to be celebrating five years of a EW or beating out WCW. And fans online are getting mad about that every single day. But it's the best it's ever been. And it's the most talked about that professional wrestling has ever been talked about in this industry of The World. So it's the best time to be a fan and to be a professional wrestler in the sport. Why'd You leave wwe though? I left for many different reasons. A lot of personal stuff happened with myself and the chairman at the time. And I didn't like how he talked to me and how I was You know. Just talked down to And. I was like, You know what? It's time to legit listen to your soul and your heart. There was a light that came to me one day, And I.


I just left WB and my guides told me. And I'm, I'm guided to being a two time champion at a w So you see somebody like Vince McMahon, he's got what? A sexual abuse suit, if I'm not mistaken. I'm not, I'm not the lawyer. The, I don't know, something like that. But He used to talk to you crazy. Yeah, a little crazy that day he would talk to me a little crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And that was enough to be like, I'm out. It was enough for my, my source of light to come into my body and be like, You. know what If you stay from


Producing LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes res ball. A new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team based their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player, the team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and premiering September 27th only on Netflix.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like The Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth mouthwatering, waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


That's not okay. This is for the rest of your life. And what are you gonna teach your kids? What are you gonna teach? Just people, if you're feeling like this from words after being here for 10 years, you gotta stand up for yourself. And that's what I did. There's the light, the same light that came to me when I was 10 years old, being like, this is your sole purpose. This is what you're gonna do. Another light came to me and being like, you, you gotta walk away and do something better for yourself. So, And there was no protection for, for you guys, for wrestlers, for especially for female wrestlers at all. No, no. But we're changing that every day. I'm, I'm, I'm changing that every day for women's wrestling. Yeah. So there's no, there was no human resources on there that Complaining. I went to, we went to everybody and no damn There wasn't. Where'd y'all go after wwe?


We went to Japan. I went to Japan. And I won the IWGP Women's Championship. Trinity went to TNA and became the knockout champion. And now here I am as the new Japan Strong women's champion. I've done a lot of things just leaving wb. I I walked the runways. I did a movie. I And, I just really just tapped in finding out who Mercedes really is. Because I was Sasha for so long. Are you gonna get to do whatever that collab was supposed to be with me? Thee Stallion? Not right now. Not unfortunately. No. What was that supposed to be? Something fun. Either a tag team match wrestling, match some something. But She's wrestling with you. I would like some either wrestle with me or wrestle against me.


But there were, there was talks of doing something fun with her, but now she's doing the opening theme song for SmackDown, which is awesome. But is it because like you can't, because you were with WWE E before, now you're not. Or is it just like, right now I'm brand wise, you just don't wanna be attached because she's attached to Wb? No, just brand wise. She did a song with WB And. I'm with a W so I just think we can't do anything together. But are y'all still home? You homegirl, do y'all still talk like, she's Not my best friend or anything, but she wants to be my home girl. Absolutely. Okay. We only met a couple times when she's really awesome. You just had your CEO hat on when you track With wv. I did, yeah. I was trying to get her on the board. That's exactly right. Yeah. Didn't Sexy Ray do something with a eew? She does something with a, not A-W-N-X-T.


NAXT. Yeah. Which is part of WB Wow. Wrestling. It's so much going on. It's a lot of different. Huge. Yeah. Jesus. Who else would you wanna, who else would you wanna wrestle in the celebrity world? Because I love when I seen Floyd do it. I love when I seen Shaq do it. Who else was it? It was a, oh yeah, Shaq did. I guitar artist did it too as well. And did, did a great job. Who else would you wanna wrestle if, if, if possible? Ooh, Wrestle. My, my, I would love my tag team partner to be Nicki Minaj. 'cause I love her. And who would I want to wrestle? Hmm. I might have to wrestle like a Kim Kardashian or even just a Beyonce to see if she can even throw it down. Oh my God. You would wrestle Beyonce. I would have to wrestle Beyonce, Uhuh girl, the queen Of it all.


You can't wrestle Beyonce. You take, you take her down the wrong way. I think your career is Right. Yeah. You'd have to take a dive. Yeah. Like you'd have to let her beat you up. I I would, I would let her do that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would let her take the championship. You know. Now rest of is not fake, but it is predetermined. Right? It's a little Predetermined. So H how, how do y'all figure out like, do You know If, you're gonna lose or win the next match? Or do you just walk into a room and they'd be like, you're losing today. Like Something like that. Usually when we get to the show, we have a card and our, our agent or a coach will be like, well today this match is gonna be this and Mercedes is over and this is how we want her to win. Last year when I was supposed to win this new, this new Japan Strong Woman's Championship, I got injured. And I had to change the match from the fly and make the other girl win.


So when I say it's predetermined, you really don't know what's gonna happen. We can get injured, we can get concussed and maybe not kick out. Maybe my opponent won't remember the move and it'll be like, what's next? So yeah, it's predetermined, but it's, it's so real. You never know what's gonna happen in that ring. How Often does do wrestlers go roll where it's like, You know what I'm not losing today All the time. I feel like really if it's not, if they're not mad about losing, they're mad about they're not getting that many moves into the match or they want look the best outta the match, they wanna do extra stuff. I wrestled people like that who've done a little extra to me that we haven't talked about. I'm like, Is there fines for that though? Like, I'm supposed to win, I get body slammed three times, but they just effing you up in that ring. I wish, I wish there was more fines, but you just have to give 'em a seat in their ring and snug 'em back.


That's Crazy. Is is a EW scream gonna be screaming on HBO max? I don't know. There's rumors of that. Yeah, there's definitely rumors of us joining Discovery and HBO Max, which would be huge. But I'm, I'm not sure if that deal is done yet, but I hope so. For for wrestling, How do you feel about that as opposed to it being on TBS and TNT? 'cause it You know growing up I grew up in South Carolina, so that's all I used to watch was TBS and TNT. Oh, It's still very much gonna be on TBS and TNT every single week. The TBS champion for a reason, I'm the face of TBS, so I got Oh, it's all, it's all the same company, right? It's all the same. It's, I'm still gonna be on TBS, so it's not going anywhere. I'm gonna be on TNT and TBS for a very long time. What do you feel about raw going from three hours to two hours?


I think, I think that sucks for the wrestlers. Just If you lose a whole hour. That's a whole opportunity of, of performing in front of a live audience and in front of millions watching at home. But I think just the move to Netflix is so huge for them that they're gonna gain so much more opportunities in so many different other ways. So Does, does, does having that one less hour really make a difference for a wrestl, Would you think adding an hour to your, your show would add or take away? We'd Be tired. Nah. Yeah, we did it during Covid a lot. It was a lot to covid. I think it, I think for performers it's, it's great just like I said, to give more opportunity and especially for women as well. Like we're only given five to eight minutes, so it's like we need that extra hour.


We need that time. Tell a story. Yeah. I read that you were the highest paid woman in pro wrestling, correct? I hope So. Okay. Alright. I think I would like to think so. I don't know other people's bank accounts, but I like that Title. Do you feel like your pay is based on your value in the company? Or do you feel like you should be making more money? Like you feel like there should be more money allotted to you and just other women profess I definitely wanna make more money. Absolutely. I Guess I'm asking, do you think you're getting what you deserve right now? I, I am. I am. And it's so cr I don't even wanna say it's crazy. It's just, it's beautifully deserved and earned and it's something that I worked so hard for, for such a long time. Yeah. And it's something that I want women to work for. It's like I finally got something that as women we're like, no, you can't even see those numbers.


You can't even talk about those numbers. You can't even walk into the room and even ask for a raise or ask for a, a bonus or anything. So to get what I feel like I deserve, plus I feel like I deserve so much more and I'm going to get that. It's so amazing. I just give, I think that gives people a chance to dream more. That they can make more too, if they put in the hard work. What do you think, what, what are some ways that a EW can close the gap with WWE? Because I was looking at Forbes and they had these five ways that a EW can close the gap with wwe. What do you think? Ooh. I, I don't know what it means to close the gap. I feel like it's always gonna be a weird competition, but it's just a, W's only been around for five years.


W has been around for 30 plus. I don't know what kind of gap you can close with. That is such a big gap of who's been around for so long. I think just a w just has to keep on being its own brand and being a EW and being we're the best Russell, that's our slogan. And that's where legit, the greatest wrestlers are signed there, the best performers are signed there. And you get to see that every week on TBS and TNT. We have the greatest performers from all over. The, World, And, I. Think that's just what makes us different. I don't think there's any gap that we have to close. I think we just have to keep on standing out and being our own brand as A force. Said, force said embrace being an underdog and an alternative. Yeah. To WWE sign top talents who will make a difference.


There you go. Balance the incredible in ring action with quality storylines. Bam. Utilize the talented a EW roster to the fullest and continue spotlighting the woman's division. Da da da. They're doing that. They're doing that every single day. So that Was a question. I I know you are the highest paid woman in pro wrestling, right? Yeah. If me and Lauren want to give you just a couple of dollars, What Am I do to hit Charlemagne? To knock him out? How much would you charge us? Ooh. You wanna do community write offs? I I don't. Can I just get a bag each? What do, what do you want me to do to him? Tap him out. Tap him. I want him to fill it for like, at least a month after. A month After. Okay. That's easy. I just say a tap Out is good.


Maybe it hard for him to talk. Why do you guys not like him? What'd he do to him? What Do guys do to You know There's like the villain in the storyline all the time. You should, you should recommend it to somebody in this room. I'm not gonna say who. He's a hater. If you just, it's not you's hat. He hasn't been him for a very long time. That's why he's angry. You know how men are about letting their hairline go. I can teach you a couple moves. You don't have to pay me for that. I'll Teach you a couple. Thank you guys because you you felt it. You see what I'd be going through. I Felt that. Yes. Well, we appreciate you for joining us tonight. 8:00 PM on TBS Grand Slam Dynamite. And then Grand Slam Collision comes on Saturday, 8:00 PM on TNT. What's the difference between dynamite and collision? Dynamite is every Wednesday on TBS and collision is every Saturday on TNT.


But You guys do fight Different. How, how often do you wrestle? Do you often you wrestle every week? I pretty much defend my championship every month. I don't wrestle every week. I gotta look cute. It's different here in a EWI gotta sit next to my chairman. My EVPs, And I gotta look beautiful. I gotta defend these championships at the pay-per-view. But I'm always looking good on dynamite every Wednesday. 'cause I am the face of TVS. Would You ever go back to ww if they offered you like the right bag and they said, Hey, we gonna give you back your, we gonna let you have your real name, we'll give you back the rights to Sasha Banks. Ah, after the way that a EW has been treating me? Yeah. I don't know. I don't think so. I feel like I have the best relationship with a EW right now and it's legit.


I'm living my dreams and it's the best place I've ever been mentally and physically. And to be able to have new dreams after being in the industry for 14 years, it's the best feeling in The World. So a EW is my home right now. Dope. And how, how is dating life for you? How, how, how do do men approach you? Are they nervous? Are they scared? Right now I'm not dating 'cause I'm so busy. And I. Yeah, I would assume so. They're nervous and scared. Yeah. You like you wouldn't do dating apps, right? No. No way. How Do you If you were to date. How do you meet people? Because she Needs advice. Yeah. She Got, I dunno needs Mercedes. I'm not on Christian Mingle. I'm asking you, is that because I'm Not dating anybody? I don't know. I can't give you Any advice.


God's be into like wrestling and stuff. So they would know like instantly like And, I. Don't know If I want a fan. Mercedes, you're not dating because you don't want to, Right? Yes. She's not dating 'cause she doesn't have a choice After this. Are my nails too long to put them out? No nail are perfect. Nail. Okay, Perfect. Gotta get him. Okay. Scratch him. Top of mouth Ladies and gentlemen, my maker. Can I chuck with Mercedes? Monet, thank you for joining us so much. Thanks for having me. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan towing guide and orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


You. know that feeling when you walk into your home. Take a deep breath, Ah, And feel new. Well, that's what it's like to use Clorox centa because Clorox centa smells like coconut, cleans like Clorox and feels like energy. It'll elevate any cleaning routine to not just clean, but also make every room smell like a tropical coconut getaway. Discover how Clorox sativa's powerful, clean, and refreshing scents can transform your space. Get yours in coconut or other fabulous scents at a nearby retail store.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Good. Sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.