
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. All right, guys, taking a break too. Put you on to a new series on Netflix. Inspired by Judy Bloom's. Groundbreaking 1975 novel forever. Watch the Reimagine coming up age series about young love by Mara Brock Akil, the iconic creator of girlfriends. This epic love story follows two black teens, Keisha and Justin, as they explore romance and their identities through the awkward journey of being each other's first. First loves, first arguments, first heartbreak, everything. Make sure you watch. For now, playing on Netflix,


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mis and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. She's US representative for New Jersey's 11th Congressional District, and she's running for governor. Mikey Cheryl, welcome. How You doing? Thank you so much. And for the record, We're all residents in New Jersey, so we will be voting. So that's Oh, okay. We're, we're having This conversation As constituent and potential voters. The stake have just been raised. Got, it's, That's right. Well, how are you feeling first and foremost? I'm feeling good. I'm feeling very tired, but you know, it's just that time. We have 21 days today until the election, so it's that final sprint Now, New Jersey, I gonna say New Jersey Transit this morning.


Finally, it looks like people can go back to work. The strike is over. Yes. But the traffic this morning was horrible. Yes. So maybe people weren't quite ready to, to go back to, to their normal transit option. So hopefully, hopefully now they're, they're there Now. What was your involvement with, with the negotiation? Were you involved with the negotiations with that? Were you involved with getting that deal done at all or No? Yes, I did everything. No, I was, my involvement was just constantly touching base with NJ Transit and the unions and just saying, look guys, the commuter Emini here, this is commuters can't take it like, like yeah, we, we gotta get people to work and it just, you know, you guys are in New Jersey, it feels like everything is falling down.


Emini here. Newark Airport. Newark Airport. Yes. Airport. Yeah. Like Emini here. When you just can't even count on a, an airport, an international airport, one of the most trafficked, you know, airports in the nation that, that can't function. And then your train lined Emini here, everything just starts to feel like it's falling apart here. You said something the other day that, you know, it's so simple And I can't believe more elected officials aren't saying it, but you were criticizing the lack of urgency in regards to Newark Airport. That's what I don't understand. Like, what are we just waiting for something bad to happen? It, it appears so because it, it really, the Secretary of Transportation just doesn't seem to be moving on this. And again, you know, I'm, I'm a former Navy helicopter pilot.


I've flown in really crowded airspace. So in that, in that DC airspace where that helicopter crash happened, I, I flew through there as we were taking people up from Norfolk to the Pentagon. And I'm telling you, 90 seconds outage in crowded airspace where you've got, you know, people on visual flight rules and then you've got people landing at that's a lifetime. And the fact that that's happened more than once, the fact that the Secretary of Transportation has canceled his wife's flight out of Newark and yet hasn't surged personnel in hasn't said, here's how we're gonna make the system more redundant so it doesn't keep breaking down, hasn't come up with a plan of attack for this.


Again, it it's just the, the constant incompetence from this administration that just not doing the basic work of government is what, as much as anything is just putting everybody at risk. Yeah. I saw a statement from him this morning where he said, now is the time to install a state-of-the-art, you know, air traffic control system in the Newark. But my thing is like, you're the Secretary of Transportation though. Like, do it, get it done. Yeah. What is he just saying that hoping somebody does it? Yeah. What the hell? I I totally agree with you. And if that's gonna take a minute, what are we gonna do in the meantime? We can't Just say, okay, we're just gonna take this airport down for the summer. Yeah.


What's the plan until that is installed? Is it worth shutting down Newark Airport right now? Well, no, we don't wanna shut down to our care airport Emini here. Imagine like, just think about, okay, people have, you know, kids that are graduating, people have parents that they have to go see that are sick. People have to get around, be a business. Yeah. I'm a comedian. I travel every weekend. I get on a plane and fly somewhere every Friday. So just Emini here. And I don't know, I love Newark normally. Yeah, I do. Like, I I go way outta my way not to have to fly outta JFK or LaGuardia. Same. Same. Yes ma'am. So the idea that somehow we're just gonna take that outta service.


No, we can't. We gotta fix it. We gotta fix the problem. But in the meantime, like you don't want people to die. And that's when, you know, we had Mayor Baraka here yesterday and he was saying that, well, this morning, and he was saying that people walked off like, you know, air traffic controllers left 'cause they didn't wanna be responsible for somebody potentially dying. Well, they also in the 92nd delay Emini here, air traffic control is really difficult and they, you know, that that was traumatic to be responsible for people's lives to have flights in the air. And you can't talk to them and just be watching them, you know, as you're like, holy crap, I, so they are now on trauma leave, many of them.


Wow. So they are down 20%. And then we saw the reporting, they're supposed to have 11 to 14 air traffic controllers and they had two or three. Right. That makes no sense. It it, it really doesn't. And this is why we need strong democratic governors. I Emini here, it really is why I'm running for governor. It is so critically important now because as governor we need to then have partnerships with our colleges and universities that fast track people through the air traffic control training and then just start to search them in. So governors are now having to take on the work that traditionally we left to the federal government because this is a federal government in free fall.


So if you were a governor of New Jersey now, would you, I don't, I don't know, would you declare state of emergency at Newark Airport? Like what, what would you do? So this is, this is the problem as we start to reorient our system, right? So what I would do is immediately get up a pro, stand up a program so we could start to train people, send them to that fast, track 'em through the air traffic control school down in Oklahoma, get them back as quickly as possible, and start to develop this out and have that so that we have our own pool of people. But again, you don't anticipate if you're, that you don't anticipate that the federal government is just gonna start abdicating all responsibility for things. So this training pipeline would take time to get them trained up.


But yes, I declare state of merchant get that done quickly, as quickly as possible so that we could stand this up and at the same time be working towards, okay, what's it gonna take then if you are gonna put in place the equipment that's gonna be necessary to run these. And is, you know, how does a governor do that? I, I'm at this point, I am for a hugely expansive role for a governor because we can't count on our federal government. And that's, I i I make, even that statement coming out of my mouth sounds crazy, but how, how do we avoid the facts? It's the Reality. Yeah. I I wanted to add something that you said earlier. You, you, you said that you were in the Naval Academy and at the time you were at the Naval Academy there weren't many women at the Naval Academy.


So what might, what made you want to join the Naval Academy and what did you think when they banned Maya Angelou's books from the Naval Academy? So I wanted to fly from the time I was in elementary school. My grandfather was a pilot, world War ii. And I went to my dad in about the fifth grade and said, I wanna be a pilot. And he said, well that's really expensive. You have to go in the military if you get that training. And I said, okay, I'll go to the Air Force Academy. And my dad goes, you don't wanna go to the Air Force Academy, that's new. You wanna go to one of the cool ones. He said, you wanna go to West Point or the Naval Academy? I said, I wanna fly. He goes, I think the Navy flies. 'cause you know, my family, my grandfather was in service but my parents weren't.


So I said, okay, I'm going to the Naval Academy. And he said, well, I don't know if they let women go to the Naval Academy. And I, I think as much as my desire to fly being told that they somehow weren't letting women go to the academy, I think as much as anything that made me say, well, I'm going there, right? I'm doing that. And then he said, well, I don't know if they, they let women fly. And so when I went, women in the military were sort of like a, a second class citizenry because they weren't able to go into combat. And if you're in the United States military, that's a second class role.


That's the difference between saying like, okay, we're gonna put you on a destroyer or we're gonna put you on a, a hospital ship. Right. Who's gonna make Admiral? And so even the role that women, there was a separate track for women that was called General Unrestricted Line Girl. That was wow. That was the, the pathway for women. So opening up combat to women actually changed everything. And so it took time. But the first person, the first woman who was the commanding officer of an aircraft carrier came from my class that would've been unthinkable. In fact, the first woman chief of Naval operations, we just had Lisa Frank Ketty.


And when I was at the Naval Academy, the chief of naval operations spoke to the brigade of Midshipman and was directly asked, when will women serve on subs? His response, not in my lifetime. Wow. And he got a standing ovation from the brigade of midshipman. So this change I saw in my lifetime was amazing and, and validating because none of us like wanna be treated like crap. Like I didn't go to the Naval Academy to be treated like crap. So that, you know, one day my daughter could be treated like crap, right? You do this 'cause you think you're breaking barriers, you think you're making life better and setting the table for future generations to do better. And that's why you go through some of that.


And I thought it was working and now we have this president and one of the very first things he did was fire the black chairman of the joint Chiefs of Staff, CQ Brown and the woman chief of Naval Operations. That was almost day one. And then he goes after the Naval Academy. And so he seems to think it's more dangerous to read Maya Angelou than Adolf Hitler's mind comp. And again, and again and again attacking the service of women, attacking the service of people of color. And so here you feel so what have I accomplished?


Right? All that, all that fight, you know, all, all that women have gone through to see that momentum, to see it working Emini here. I think that's why I was able to become a member of Congress because I had the opportunity to take on roles in the military that were seen as powerful roles as opposed to girl. And I think that's what led to me being able to compete and have my resume and do this job. And so to see all that being attacked in this, in this way is really, it's really disgusting and it's heartbreaking. What about Pete Hef, you know, secretary of Defense? Hes, he, he said, I'm straight up just saying we should not have women in combat roles.


It hasn't made us more effective, hasn't made us more lethal, has made fighting more complicated. He said that on a podcast host by Sean Ryan. Oh, You would you think of the House Armed Services Committee? I'm well aware of what that Noit says and he seems to think that if you can just do a hundred pushups, that you are ready to lead Emini here. I think if there is ever an example of why everything he said on that podcast is completely incorrect, he is a living embodiment of that. This is a guy who projects tough guy imagery, who does his a hundred pushups and who can't lead worth a damn Emini here. That guy has run more organizations into the ground and now he's working to do the same thing at the Pentagon.


He has put out classified information on an unsecure platform in a way that would get like a petty officer court martialed and he's the Secretary of Defense and he has no accountability for himself or others. And he also said that he just wanted a meritocracy. I'm thinking to myself, yeah, me too, me too. I'd like to see a meritocracy and not your butt in this office because he has been the most incompetent Secretary of defense this nation has ever seen as he preaches. Oh, you know, others can't compete. You, you're running for governor of Jersey. What, what's the first thing you do to show that this isn't like, like you're just not another politician chasing a title?


Yeah, I think that's why I talk about my background. I think we've gone through a lot of debates and forms And I think my colleagues are a little sick of hearing about my background. I joke, but I say it all the time because I think having that lifetime of service. Yeah. I tell people I took my first oath to the Constitution when I was a teenager. What is That? So When I, I don know what it is, I'm joking. Like there is the constitution. Oh, I feel like we're in a post constitutional society at Point like, oh, I, I took a, I was raised my hand. No, yeah, I hear you. But that centers me and it centers my work and it centers my belief in what this country should be. And so I talk about that background in the Navy, at the US Attorney's office and Congress and having four kids.


So I care about the future. I talk about that a lot to show people this is not some Johnny come lately ideal I have that suddenly I'm worried about X, Y, Z. This is my life's work. And serving people is what I love to do And I care deeply about. And what I, And I think I'm pretty good at it and can really affect change in a powerful way. And that's why I'm running for governor because I, you know, I say in the Navy we're trained to run to the fight, right? And to run to the crisis. I think the front lines of what we've got to do in this country are take that's taking place at the state level. It's taking place with powerful democratic governors, expanding state power, figuring out a pathway through this as something unforeseen happens.


As the President of the United States attempts to ruin the economy of the United States to enrich himself and attempts to attack all of our rights and freedoms. We need strong democratic leadership in the state houses. And that's not gonna be enough. It's not enough to say I'm gonna fight Trump. That's necessary. But you also have to then lay out a path of democratic competent governance. Because there's a lot of people out there that rightly would say, Mikey, that's great. I want you to fight Trump. But you're also running for governor of the state of New Jersey. Yeah. And I can't afford anything. Nobody around here can buy a house.


Nobody can afford their rental prices. Utility costs are set to go up and you know, healthcare's a mess. So that's great. I want you to fight Trump, but I also want you to fight for me and govern. And I think sometimes as we get drawn into the fight against what Trump is doing, we, we also don't talk about the ways in which we're actually envisioning governing in a better path. And I think now more than ever, as we see this complete incompetent, some of which we've talked about today, coming from the federal government, competent democratic government, I know that doesn't sound sexy, but that is gonna be really, really powerful.


And so I believe that I need to lay out a vision if I'm running for governor of two things, how I'm gonna protect the state against the chaos from Washington. But also I need to lay out a vision of how your life is gonna be better because I'm governor. And I think that's a piece that sometimes as we get caught up in our fears from what the future might hold as we take down the Constitution, we don't always talk about how we're gonna actually impact people on the ground. How, how we're gonna impact their life. You Talk about, you know, fighting against Trump and going against him. But some people would say to get things done, you have to work with Trump and his White House somehow some way. So you wouldn't work with Trump and his White House at all.


Look, if Duffy comes in here and says, okay, I'm gonna work with you to actually, I'm trying to think of something that I can say on radio, you can say Whatever you want, we can Bleep because if you want Un unscrew up this Situation, you say go ahead. But you have, but you need the federal government, right? You, you do as a governor, We need to find as many pathways as we can. But I think when people say they want you to work with Trump, 'cause a lot of, a lot of people say, I want my governor to work with Trump. What they mean is, I want you to stop him from doing this crazy stuff. I want you to fix the the tariff situation that's making my small business go under. I want you to go talk to him because we need the Canadians to come to Wildwood because we're tourism industry.


I need you to make sure he is not arresting a family member of mine in the middle of the night without charges. I need you to make sure that they're not cutting funds to medicate in the Department of Education. So I need you to go work with Trump. That is fair. What's I think a false proposition is if you think that by saying, okay, I'm just gonna give up on, you know, diversity programs in my state, like I'm not gonna try to get people in my state to succeed that aren't already there because I'm working with Trump. That's a false proposition because that's when the bullying starts. Because that's when it's, you know, what I say is it's not as if these law firms that have cave to Trump or these schools that have caved to Trump, that's not gonna be the last ask.


It's not a one-off thing. Like, okay, I'm gonna cave today and then he's gonna leave me alone And I'm just gonna run my game. That, that's not how that goes. I I say he's like that bully on the playground, right? So you give your lunch money on Monday, they're coming back Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Mm. No parent says, just give your lunch money, just work with them Emini here that no parent has ever said to their kid getting bullied on the playground. Just work with them. Just give in that, that's not how you deal with this. And I think it's a false trap to suggest that somehow it's the responsibility of a governor to undermine our values, to get some something from the federal government.


The federal government is supposed to be working in service of the people of this country, not the state government working in service of Trump. I think that's a false idea. Yeah. I just wonder, I'm, I'm just asking, I wonder how effective it is for, you know, you know, officials on, on the state level to kind of, you know, cater, curate their campaigns around being anti-Trump. Because you're not going against Trump on the ballot. You might be going against people who support Trump, but I feel like y'all be aiming it more at the people you're going at on the state level. Yeah, no, I think it's really important, again, to lay out the actual vision on the state level.


Like I've gone over and over and over all the ways in which we can build houses and drive down costs. How we need to build out a clean energy future in New Jersey that actually increases capacity, drives down costs and drives down carbon fix our broken healthcare system a again and again and again because we, you know, people need to hear that. And then also pointing out, to your point, I think that Jack Chiarelli the Republican, you know, the, I think the Republican opponent in this race has basically, according to Trump become a hundred percent MAGA has said himself, he's not going to oppose any of Trump's executive orders. So these could be things like taking down social security and has said that he is going to put in place an abortion ban and defund Planned Parenthood.


So I do think it's important to go after the actual people on the ground because we know that if Jack Chiarelli is the next governor, New Jersey just becomes a little annex of Washington, so much like Mar-a-Lago, we now a Bedminster and that's kind of White House 2.0, which is not what we need in New Jersey. Damn. And as governor, what will you do specifically for the black and brown community? What are you, what are your thoughts and goals for our community? So I think that comes, I Emini here, I don't wanna sound like a broken record, but that comes back to housing too largely because that's the number one I thing I hear from the black and brown community is housing and we know how important it is.


I think housing is critical to building Generational Wealth. And I see that just looking, you know, even on my own team, one of the guys on my team, his dad died unexpectedly when he was young and it was their equity in their home that saved the family as they kind of went through that change. So we can see that operating on the ground and we know in New Jersey that 70% of white families own their own home and under 40% of black families. So that's why I think driving down the cost of housing but then beefing up that first time home buyers program. Right now it's at a 15,000 to help defray the cost of the down payment. But you guys are from Jersey, you know that's not gonna cut it, right?


Like with cost of housing right now, 15,000 is just not gonna help you afford that home. So that's gonna be really important. The other issue that comes up a lot in the black community is Black Maternal Health. And so I held a, a maternal health round table And I was talking to a woman who was actually a patient advocate in the hospital. She was giving birth in and even as a patient adv somebody who helped other patients in the hospital, she did not get the care she needed as somebody. And you know, she was told, oh you'll be fine. You, you know this hospital. But she still did not receive the care she needed. Had two miscarriages before she took her, basically took her healthcare into her own hands.


And was it was, you know, from what she was talking about dictating then to doctors, no, I want you to do this. No I want you to do this, but how many people, you know, I'm not one of them. Have the background. Yeah. In medical care and have the access Emini here. She worked in a hospital to do that. To say, okay, I'm doing all my own research and I'm basically becoming, you know, somebody who's well versed in medicine so I can take on my own care. That's not the normal. Yeah. So that's why I think it's really important to have resources pushed in and the black caucus has highlighted this and Shavonda Hey


What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional.


Features


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund the home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30,


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville Sumpter's worked on this. The first lady of New Jersey has made this a real issue. And so putting in resources and communities that need care like Trent is really important but it's, it's sort of necessary but not sufficient because you can't just build a resource center and then keep doing things the same way and expect different results. So that's why I think getting doulas in and midwives in is important. 'cause a doula could be your advocate all through the birth process. And I I really, you guys seem like really nice guys and maybe you're really tough, but it's been my experience in the healthcare system that women are just a lot tougher.


Yeah. And so we go in, oh We, me and my wife used to doula our last two, our last two births and she slu LA them, she's amazing. But Women don't advocate for themselves like they should in healthcare. So I have learned over time, but now I'm in my fifties, like this was not something I was doing in my twenties and thirties. So when people say and when I was giving birth, so people say to you like, what's your pain level? Is it one to, you know, ten's the worst, one's the worst. And I'm always like, I guess it's like a three, you know? Yeah. I've now learned that if I'm gonna get any attention whatsoever, you have to say I'm gonna be like a 10. It's like a 10. Yeah. I'm always a 10. I'm like, it's a 10. And they're like, I'm like it's a 10. Yeah. Like come on. That's what a doula can do is like, okay, this isn't right.


You, you know, I know you can take a lot but, but this isn't right and you need more care And I need a doctor in here or you need some anesthesia or you know, let's get this going because this is gonna get rough. Right. They have to Face the, like your mouthpiece, like you know, like they talk for you because you're busy in pain trying to give birth. But doulas are expensive too. Like they, they're not affordable for everyone. You know what Emini here. So Right. So that type of support, the governor most insurance, the governor has a program to have Medicaid cover doulas And I think that's really important. And then as governor, I'm also gonna make sure that we are pushing through certified doulas into the system.


'cause many hospital, you know, people, it's a change in the system. Yeah. And systems don't like change. So making sure that that's there and then not stopping there. So that helps with the actual birth process. But we also know that a lot of things can happen in that first year. There's a lot of postpartum depression for example. And I, and when you know, you give birth is a really weird experience because you're with your OB right before as you're pregnant, you're with this OB kind of nonstop and they're monitoring everything Emini here you're getting every test known to man, your blood pressure's being taken every minute. And you know, as you get really closer there, it feels like hourly, right? You're doing all this stuff. Yeah.


And so then you give birth and that person just disappears, is not there, they're gone. I've had that experience. Right. It's so weird. And suddenly you're asking, you're like talking to a nurse or you're talking to the pediatrician and you're like, I'm really like, and they're like, oh yeah, I don't know. They're taking care of the baby suddenly. Yeah. And so if you're struggling, if you're having postpartum depression, if you're even starting to hemorrhage in a way that you're not sure, 'cause you're supposed to have some level of bleed, all of this is suddenly just on you. And so that's why again, having the check-ins, having telehealth so people can do remote monitoring and making sure that somebody is keeping on.


'cause the thing you do when you're depressed right, is you isolate yourself. Yeah. And so you need to make sure, or we need to make sure that we have people pushing in to say, how are you doing? How are you feeling? Have you gone for your checkup? Have you done this? And then some of the basic like stuff that's just basic, like here's a stroller, get outta the house. You know, here's how you do that. Or, or look, I'm just gonna come and I'm gonna help you pack a diaper bag. Yeah. And I'm gonna help you get outta the house with this newborn. Because you know, by my four, I have four kids by my fourth kid, I was like taking a newborn, throw 'em in in a baby carrier. I was living in the city at the time, throwing 'em in a baby carrier. I had like a couple diapers in my purse and I'm ready to go.


That first kid Emini here, I have my husband come with me to the pediatrician. I have this huge stroller, I have everything known to man in the diaper bag. And I'm like a nervous wreck, like I don't know, you know, what am I doing? So having somebody kind of say, Hey look, I've done this before, you're fine. This baby's fine. Do this. We're okay. Yeah. You know, that too I think is a really important piece of this and what many people in this space have been advocating for. And so as governor I'm gonna make sure we also have that first year program to make sure people are successfully having outcomes to even in the first year, not just up to giving birth. Yeah. But the postpartum, When you talk about, you talk about the housing, the Black Maternal Health rate, but you know, you think about Newark, you think about Camden, you think about Pan Patterson, like those cities have been overlooked by Trenton for years.


So how you gonna make sure your agenda doesn't just serve the suburbs and it hits those, those hoods like Newark, Patterson and Camden. Ironically, Trenton has been overlooked by Trenton for years as well. So I think as you're, as you're making sure that we're building out the state and, and really a big agenda of mine is to build houses and, and by housing Emini here all means of property that a person can develop ownership over. So as we're building out, I think pushing into places like Newark and Patterson and Trenton and building out, like Trenton for example, is a great place to start to build out in their heyday, I think 190,000 people now they're down to about 80,000.


So that's a great place to build. They have the capacity, which a lot of areas of our state don't. You can build densely, they have a great transportation system, but they, you need to push in resources you need to address. And each town that you're mentioning has slightly different issues that you know would need to be addressed to help that town grow and have businesses. So for Trenton for example, a lot of their problem is that it's the only business in town is the state. And when state workers aren't going to work, then every restaurant goes outta business ev you know, if they're not working from the state building. So the state I think needs to take a strong look at like, do we need all these office buildings? Can we give some of them up for other business development?


Can we move in? 'cause you know, the great thing about a lot of our urban areas is that they have great transportation. And so really building transit oriented development is a great opportunity. But the thing that I think we need to do better as we build out a lot of these cities is create opportunities for ownership. So real apartments are really important, right? Like a lot of people, I lived in apartments when I was young. That's great. We need them. You know, the cost of rentals is incredibly high here. So we need to build more to drive down the cost. But we need condos. We need people to be able to start to develop that Generational Wealth. That's, People gotta be able to afford those though. Yeah. Like it starts with, you know, putting some money in their pockets so they can't even afford a condo.


Well that's why we have to put, that's why the first time homeowner program is so important that we beef up. So we put money in their pockets so they can afford at least the down payment, building out more. It's a supply and demand issue so we can drive down the cost. And then also I think making sure that we fully fund the affordable housing trust fund because building out some of these places we have to defray the cost because the cost of building here is too high and that leads to prices being hiked. And then finally we've gotta cut through the permitting and regulatory process that drives up costs. It prevents building because the costs gets so high. So if you look at like Fort Monmouth, great place to build out, right?


I think they were bracked and was it 2011 maybe that they, that they went outta a business of being a a base. And so we've had programs in place for years that we've tried to build out. I think two, at least two housing programs have fallen under because the permitting just took way too long. This is a place that was built out that had housing that we just wanna repurpose and build dense housing and we can't get through the permitting process. So that drives up a whole host of costs. So that's why the, that's why we need to drive down the, the permitting times and the regulatory times, but also push in to the affordable Trouss housing trust funds to defray the cost of building so we can keep those home prices down as well.


What Are your thoughts on the congestion pricing and how it's affecting, especially people from New Jersey, super duper expensive. They're saying that it cuts down traffic, but it's cutting down a lot of business in the cities. What are your thoughts on that and is there any way to maybe file a lawsuit against New York to stop all this bs? I am smiling so much because I'm feeling like I'm in a safe space. Yeah. Because usually when I'm in New York and somebody brings up congestion, they're like, why aren't you for congestion pricing? It's so good. I'm like, really? In New York? No New Yorkers love it. I thought New York, I thought they hated congestion prices. Yeah, Well they don't come, they don't pay it. They're in New York. Yeah. They're not, you know, it's just paying for their transit system. Emini here paying for the MTA, but I always tell him, I'm like, look, no governor, nobody who wants to be governor of New Jersey could ever be for the congestion pricing as is.


It is just basically taking money out of New Jersey's pockets and putting it into New York infrastructure, like the MTA and, and then they're like, well a lot of new Jerseyans take the subway. I'm like, Hmm, A lot of new jerseyans take New Jersey Transit and a lot more would take New Jersey Transit if we could run it better, if we had money for it. And so the congestion pricing in my mind, if you really wanna run a no kidding congestion pricing program and you want people off the street and that's really your goal and not just, you know, using new Jerseyans to pay for New York infrastructure, then you put it into New Jersey infrastructure. Because then if we could run buses and trains more often, if they were more reliable then people would take them more and you could get people outta cars.


But to do it this way to me is just a cash grab. So I've been very opposed to it. When you think about Lionsgate, you know, coming to Newark and you think about Netflix coming to the, the my mouth. What do you, what, what, what do you, what do you think that's gonna do for those communities and how do we have, how do we make sure the communities are a part of all of that money that's gonna be generated from both of them? Yeah, I think they provide a bunch of great jobs. I think that's, you know, that's awesome. And I think they're really good jobs for new jerseyans because so many people in New Jersey are in the arts. We have, I think in my district, I have some of the most members of IAT e in the nation. So we have just tons of people involved.


Not just in, you know, in acting and directing and producing, but also in camera guys. You know, the whole host of jobs that go with this. And they're great and they're great union jobs so they really can provide a really good quality of life for people. So I think it's awesome that they're coming. I'm really a big supporter, but to your point, we need to make sure that as we're developing these out, we're providing pathways. So I was just, we had a debate, not last night, but the night before and we had the debate at the, the Donald Payne Technical School in Essex County in Newark. And it was amazing Emini here, this is the kind of school we need for our kids.


If they're gonna get into good jobs, if you guys, you guys should go look at it because I was just walking by and they have this whole studio there to, to build out, you know, training for these jobs. And so what we need to do then, if we're gonna ensure that the people in the towns that they're serving, like in Newark, get access to those jobs, making sure that those kids that are getting that great training Emini here, this is like nothing at Montclair High School, right? It was like a huge technical studio. It looked awesome. We need to make sure that we're working with Lionsgate for example. And then walking it back and saying, what are you guys gonna need? What's the training you're gonna need? We're gonna develop a program that's gonna get kids right out of high school if they want into jobs right away.


And then I, you know, what we wanna develop in New Jersey and what we are developing through our community colleges and other programs is this idea that you don't graduate from high school and make a decision that's gonna be like the rest of your life. You don't have to decide the rest of your life the minute you graduate. So in other words, you can either go to college or you can go straight to work at Lionsgate because you have the capacity and then maybe you have, you get there and you get some training and you get a certificate, which can be a credit at a community college. You can go back to the community college for some higher training as you develop your career so that, you know, we wanna stack the degrees because that's what life is now, right?


Even if you go and graduate from a four year college, the odds of that being like the last training you ever get in your life are really low. So I think having these options for kids as they graduate and you know, I have four kids, they're all very different. Some are more ready to go off to college than others. Some are ready to just go off and build things, right? Yeah. And so having that option and then, you know, sometimes when you go off and build it, you're like, the people that sort of build things are kind of entrepreneurs. So oftentimes you can see, like you go there and you're like, gosh, this guy's running this company, but I could run it better And I could actually add this to it. So if I have the op, you know, so is S Access County Community College training, you know, offering the exact training.


And we see, like I work with Morris County community, the County College of Morris, and we have a lot of base manufacturing that goes on there, high-end base manufacturing. So they offer these training and they work with the manufacturers to get people in and out of those jobs in higher and higher degrees. So I think that's exactly what we need to do to make sure, to your point, that those jobs are going to the people in Newark. I think that's exactly working directly with them to kind of walk back, okay. Exactly what training you want and we're gonna train your workforce for you. Love that. I was watching M-S-N-B-C-C-N-N something, I forgot which, what it, when it was, And I saw an ad that may have a rock and ran about you and it said that you took $30,000 from Elon Musk's campaign fund and that you made millions on the stock market tripling your net worth while you were in Congress and you were fined for unreported trades.


What do you say to that? So I've never taken money from Elon Musk. There were People I thought you took it and then donated it to charity. People from SpaceX, which was one of his company, they donate individuals from SpaceX donated to my campaign. And I yes, donated in kind to a food bank. 'cause I wanted people to know where I stood on it. And I have since offered legislation to have Elon Musk drug tested and to get 'em out of dozing everything. But I, I also don't trade individual stocks. It's been widely reported. I've, I, my husband doesn't trade, we don't trade individual stocks. I don't think anyone in Congress should, quite frankly, and I've been on legislation for that.


So I've, I don't hold individual stocks. So when Newsmax claims that you made $7 million from stock trades, what are they talking about? Newsmax is first of all a very questionable organization that is paying multiple fines. I'm not sure what they're talking about. I would guess that the root of that would be because some of, some of my husband's payments from his company have been sax, which are immediately an automatically sold. But there is no individual stock trading. It's not as if I go sit on the House Armed Service Committee and suddenly I'm trading Boeing or something. There's none of that. I'm totally out of individual stocks.


And I, like I said, I think every member of Congress should be Well Did you make 7 million in stock trades at all or? I, I haven't. I I don't believe I did, but I'd have to go see what, what that was alluding to again, what kind of came from It was a Report in the, No, I know it was from Newsmax, which again, I did Another one in the Washington Free Beacon, which is a conservative leaning platform. But they said you had increased from between 733,209 to over 4 million in 2019, and then between 4 million to 13 million in 2024. So that's where they got the 7 million increase. Increase average. Just the average of the two. Increase the Increase the average out that.


Yeah. Yeah. Look, I, I, both my husband And I come from very middle class families. My parents were the first in their family to go to college and his, were both teachers. And then we both went into the military and afterwards he got a good job. And I, we've been really lucky. I really, I really deeply feel like this country has provided an incredible amount of opportunity to us. And that's why I think I feel a responsibility to sort of pay that forward. And that's why I think opportunity is so critically important. And I often, when I think about what democracy means to me, it means opportunity.


And it means not just opportunity for me, like Trump might say. And it doesn't mean opportunity to enrich myself. It means opportunity for the greatest amount of people possible. I think that's what democracy at its best offers. I love that idea that some political philosophers of democracy have. That you should create a society so that if you don't know how you're gonna be born, if you don't know if you're gonna be a man or a woman or rich or poor or black or white, you have no idea. You create a society and then get dropped into it. Because if you create that kind of society, then you're gonna create something that gives everybody the best chance at opportunity.


And we've had, we've been lucky. And so right now what I see is a president in Donald Trump who is trying to stop all opportunities, who's taking, you know, who's enriched himself and has billionaire cronies and is continuing to try to do that and then pulling up the ladder of success behind him. And I see that at every level. And that's why, to kind of take it full circle, I think as democratic governor running a state that creates that opportunity, like just with Lionsgate and creates pathways for opportunity, pre distribution of wealth, like giving everyone that opportunity because we know, like my parents weren't in the military, I have to tell you that the kids whose parents were admirals, like they knew that system.


They, they like they did really well, right? And, and all of the instructors knew their, their dad. And, and so I think creating that, that what you're doing when you create opportunity and you're trying to create Generational Wealth is you're creating an opportunity for not just the individual but that person to then get into a good job and then give their kids the kind of, you know, hey I'm, you know, I'm in this job and my buddy is running the summer internship and I'm gonna get you a summer internship. You know, that's the kind of opportunity we're talking about. And that's what I, I think we have to create in New Jersey.


And that's the exact opposite of what's happening in Washington. And I talk a lot about the military 'cause that's my experience. But when I'm telling you that they're doing what they're doing to women, what they're doing to people of color, it's again trying to like say these are the people that we see as succeeding. These are the people that are on the pathway to success and we're pulling up the ladder for everybody else. What Makes I agree. Hold on. But I just wanna be clear though because I agree with what you're saying, but I just wanna be clear. 'cause this, this ad is running And I'm sure you'll be asked about this a million times. You know, if you get an opportunity to just clear it up, I think you should take it now. It says she made millions on the stock market tripling her net worth while in Congress and was then fined for unreported trades.


Is that true or false? So I think we made money from my husband's job. He gets paid in stocks, they're automatically sold. So I think we made money there. We don't make any individual money stock trading. We are out of all individual stocks because I want people to know that I'm not somehow gaining information and enriching myself because of my work in Congress. Gotcha. So that's really important to me. And I think every member of Congress should do that. And I'm on legislation for that because those stocks get immediately sold.


We do a lot of reporting and at the end of the year we did an audit of our reporting And I found I didn't, the lawyers found a stock trade that had been automatically sold and so we self-reported it and paid a fine for that. Gotcha. But I think that's what that's alluding to. Gotcha. So certainly all of this though, I think I'm one of the most transparent members because everything you know has been reported. And I'm continuing to try to always have transparency there because again, I don't want anybody to think that I owe anything to anyone other than the people I serve or that I'm somehow enriching myself because I think people have really low faith in government right now.


I Emini here, you guys know this. And I, I think it's really incumbent, I, the standard has always been in my work in public service, whether it was in the Navy or the US attorney's office or in Congress. It's not just impropriety, it's, it's even the appearance of impropriety. So I try to do things so that people can, can check my work Yeah. And make sure that there's nothing nefarious going on. And so, yeah, I was surprised by that attack ad because I was with Mayor Baraka at a debate for two and a half hours the night before it came out and, and he hadn't raised any of this And I would've liked an opportunity Yeah. To sort of discuss it there before that ad. But we're in the final 21 days, I'm sure things will get spicy, but I'm just really working hard to push out what I wanna do for people and my positive agenda.


I Saw an Emerson poll that had you in the lead, but I also saw that same poll said 56% of all people in New Jersey in the Democratic primary are undecided. Do you believe that number? No. You that High? No, we have, we've been all running really a long time. I think Sean Spiller was running, like running a campaign this past summer. Phillip has been in for a long time. So no, I don't think there's 56% of the people and, and there's been a lot before I even got in and started spending. I think other candidates have spent about 40 million in the race, which meet and you spend money to communicate.


So people have been communicating heavily in this race. If you guys are in new, even if you're in Manhattan, you've probably seen the commercials. So I don't, I haven't seen polling o other polling that suggests that seems really high To me. Yeah, it was an Emerson college poll. That's what Deb Mayor said too. He said he feels like the poll. What did he say? I forgot how what he said he feel like the poll was off. Basically he said He was off base a little bit. Yeah. I wanted to ask, what makes you different than the other opponents running against you and why should people vote for you? I wanna be snarky because I'm the only woman messages in the mean no look, I really think it is incredibly important that we have a democratic governor in our state that not only can push back against what's going on in Washington and has federal experience to do just that.


And you know, the fact that I'm also former federal prosecutor, understanding what people like Alina Haba are doing right now and the ways that the federal government's acting to undermine rights and freedoms is really important. And the way they're acting to take away Medicaid and Department of Education funding and understanding what's going on there is really important. But I also think having an agenda to actually make change in the state, having somebody like myself who comes from a little bit of a different background than a career politician, I think that's really important right now because I like to say that there's the right way, the wrong way in the New Jersey way and too many people are like stuck in the New Jersey way like even when I hear people talk about, you know, building houses or driving down utility costs, they keep talking about it in the framework of, well, this is the, the frame in place and this is why it's gonna be impossible.


Or this is why it's gonna be so hard, or this is why we can't do it. And that just drives me insane because how, how is there a world where we can't get permitting down less than four years to build a house? That that does not make sense and it doesn't happen in other places and we know we can do better. So I think having a different kind of leadership to cut through the status quo, to take on entrenched interest, which I think I have a really good capability of doing because I'm not from like entrenched politics in the state. I come from a different type of place. I come from a proactive place in the military. I've got four kids, so it's not gonna be enough for me to sort of make a little change around the edges because their future's at stake and their future feels really tenuous right now to me.


So fighting for my kids, fighting for everyone's kids is incredibly important And I think that's a different kind of approach and leadership than anyone else in the race offers. Alright, well we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Yeah, man. You gotta come back before June. Yes. Well, I appreciate you guys. Absolutely. And if you, and if you, if you do win and become, you know, governor, like, I think that you should use platforms like this to talk directly to the people on the regular Yeah. That Affects Yes. I just, no, I'll be too important. I believe you. No, absolutely believe you. No, no, no. I'll make a commitment right now. If I become governor, I will be back on your show if invited.


Absolutely. Thank you. And I don't know why you worry about the traffic. You are helicopter. I let you, might as well just fly the helicopter. Just fly right over. Just fly right over Building Emini here. It's What? It's, yeah. I don't know what I'm Thinking. Mikey shell, ladies and gentlemen, she's running for governor. Get out there and vote. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes. Wake that ass up In the Morning. The Breakfast


Club. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bolds premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic


Moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old s sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.