
This is an iHeartPodcasts. We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell A LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude.


You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Hey, when's last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? 'cause we have all of the hip music but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about Real stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa. What's snap I one kill? Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Laura LaRosa is here as well. And we got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. Keisha Cole. Welcome Blue. How you doing? It's been a long time. How you feeling? How's Everything? It's been a very long time. It's been probably over what, seven years or something like that? I think so. Damn Long time. I just, I'm bugging that this is the 20th anniversary of your debut album. Yes. Like God, 20 years flying by. It is a long time. How does it feel when you think back to think about that? I'm still processing it. Emini here. I'm happy that we're able to do a tour, 20th year anniversary tour. It is more insane 'cause Emini here, Emini here. It's a great album. So yeah, I'm appreciative of the fans and them supporting.


So What do you remember about yourself 20 years ago though? Like, like the woman you were 20 years ago. Wrecking rooms. Boy you was Good Fashion TV boys, baby. Just, just fighting. Just crazy. Just insane. But I learned a lot so it's all good. You ever go back to some of those old times and those old interviews and watch 'em and be like, God damn I don't. No. I just act like it never happened. Never happened. But you gotta love every version of yourself. Yeah. Every version of yourself played a part. Yeah, Because we grew. Well I feel like I grew up with you, you going through those different times And I reality stuff like music. Then reality show Keisha Cole, then Mom, Keisha Cole. Ooh. That's what did it Being a mom.


Yeah. I didn't want to like, you know, go to jail and never get to see them again. So Emini here you have to make life altering decision. Oh like game man. If I do that and makes any me up the creek y'all Miss Ke Keisha the Keisha Remy ma era. That was a crazy era. That was, that was, that was, that was stumping in the steel toes. Jesus. For sure. Jesus. I'm just thinking, I'm thinking back like, wow, just imagine if there was like heavy social media back then. Oh thank God. No. Up maybe phones back then. Yeah, I think soon as I actually was pregnant when Insta was it Instagram? Twitter.


When Twitter first started and Monica was trying to get me on Twitter and she was on Twitter And I just, I didn't like it. I just like everybody just, they was talking, you know? I'm like okay, I spelled one word wrong once. It was like, This Is not my type of tea. But yeah, it's been, it's been a minute. 20 years. What, what part of your story do you think people still get wrong even after all these years? Wrong. Wrong. Yeah. The misconception. Yeah. That I'm really mean. That I'm nasty. That I got a bad attitude, I'm a bitch, whatever. Certain stuff like that I guess. 'cause that's not the case, right?


But maybe back then, I don't know, you know. But we all grow, we all change, we all evolve. So I think that now that's the vibe. Like you know, it is 20 years. My oldest is 15, so Wow. Wow. 15, you know? Yeah. Wow. And she was just telling me she want a little girl. She ready for a little girl. Now I am ready for a little girl. You wanna start over if God Yes. For the rest of my life. Yep. That would be awesome. That would be awesome. Emini here, you know, when you were accomplish so many things and you set so many goals for yourself and imagine accomplishing those goals, all the goals that you set for yourself. Like I always wanted to headline my own arena tour.


I'm pretty sure I said that when I came up here maybe 10 years ago. And Emini here. Just like that. I'm on my second one now for my first album. That is just insane to me. Just to kind of process that. But Emini here, I think setting new goals and just wanting new things in my life, I think a girl would be one of them. Yeah. Because this version of Keisha would be better for sure. For a girl. Yeah. And a husband. And a husband, yeah. Because the old one was not taking it. Not having it. No, actually you got to go I think. Yeah, we came up here one time. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah.


So that was the thing. But yeah, like, you know, I think this version would be better for, Yeah. I think the beauty of you though, Keisha, is that you did grow, at least to me on your own terms, good, bad, ugly. You grew on your own terms and a lot of people don't get to get, get that opportunity. Really? I don't think so. No. Especially in music, because like, like you grew, you grew out loud. Oh yeah, for sure. You in front of people. You know what Emini here, like some people gotta, there's a image that they gotta maintain. So they don't ever get to do that. And then, you know, they end up flapping somebody on stage and you was like, damn, I didn't even know that was you Was brewing in there like that. Nobody knew that anger was there. Shout out to Will. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Oh, that I thought that was staged.


Okay. So boom. I don't know. 'cause that's what they show on tv. They say that it would happen before or something. What the heck was that? But I like, yeah, my son too. I'm like, I never seen my, my oldest son, he angry at all ever. Wow. Like, And I'm scared about that. Like, I'm like, where is it coming? When is it coming? Because I've never seen him yell, get loud argue. I'm like never seen him. So that would be scary. But no, I have, I have, I have lived my life in front of everybody. I don't, yeah. I just never had a problem with it. Who I am is who I am. You Said you've never seen your son yell, scream. But that says a lot about the environment you raised in, in. Yeah, maybe we just used to that. 'cause that's how we came up. So we think that's what normal's supposed to be.


Oh yeah. No, but I don't know. 'cause my little one, he cuts everybody out. Okay. Got the good balance. Yeah. That one Is gonna give all hell, that broke loose with me. I, I hope, I pray not, but it looks as if so. 'cause he don't take no Yeah. At All. Like he'd be capping on his brother, like for real big back and all. Says what his brother? Yeah. What his brother do? Tobias, that's not nice. Tobias Don't. So one is MK and one is Malcolm X. Oh Man. Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. Aw, that's bad. Did You call your son a big back? Is he a No, his brother.


Brother. His brother. Yeah. Her little son called because DJ's Dad and grandfather, they're 6 2, 6 9. His, you know, his grandmother's tall, all of them. So DJ's big. He's like, he's a big guy. But not, not Fat. No, he's not fat. But do, he's a big dude. He Play football for sure, like athlete. Gotcha. We don't, we call him, we don't call him big backs, we call, but Tobias does. But As a kid you call everybody big bag. He got it wrong. Got you. Gotta teach him. Look, I tell him all the time, that's not cool. Dip Show. Show em to teach him. No, you teach him. When it's obese people that walk by, that's when you use. No, that is Not when you use the term. No, no.


Tell never use The term. Tell me where Tobias got that from. I don't know. Oh, Big back. Well, you know TikTok The big Back. You do, but It started from Lenar. No. Yeah. You Definitely, you and Reese. Oh, you saw name Right there? No. Yeah. That ain't, you made it a little bigger. No, I didn't definitely do. No I didn't. No I didn't. Buck Keisha. What I've always loved about you is buddy, you've always been relatable with your music and, and even like showing your life on TV with your family and everything like that. Is, was there ever a point that you said that you regretted doing that? Hell Yeah. Seem real putting it up? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. When everything started going to shit.


Can I say that? Yes. Yes. Okay, thank you. Because yeah, when everything started, like when nobody was getting better, I feel like that was the goal for the show. And I remember talking to Mimi Valez about this. She was the editor of Vibe Magazine And I was like, I don't know if I should do it. She said, well what is your purpose of doing it? And I said, well I wanna show the girls out there where I come from and me being able to make it out the the hood and like really put that work in. She said, well show that. Yeah. And make sure that the focus is always that. And when it was like coming became a point of like unhealthy envi, just like really unhealthy when my mom was showing up and it was like, bro, we cannot film today bro.


Like that's not cool. Like I'm not doing this. We gotta stop this. And everybody was like really pissed at me. Okay. Because it was a lot of money on the table. Yeah. And I didn't care about that. Like, it was like, no, every, we need to get some, seek some counseling, get some, you know, put my mom in the program. And she was just like, Keisha, that's just, it's just not what I want babe. Like I'm happy with my life the way I am. And I was, she's like, stop spending your money. There's no need to do that. I don't want it. And I was like, I just, it was just a point where I was just like, okay, well it ain't no reason to keep continuing. They know we living. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like, and I'm not showing anything that's growing people anymore.


So I prefer to not do that. How hard. Oh, I respect that. Yeah. How hard was it to, for you to hear that from your mom and accept that like that, that she wanted to live her life on her terms? Well I just was like, you don't, you sure you don't think it's anything we could do? You know, like maybe we can try. And she just was like, no, I just prefer, it was like maybe a year before she passed actually. And she came out there and she actually told me not to put her in a program. 'cause she had Obamacare. That's crazy. And she wanted to use her medical or whatever to go into a program. And I was like, okay, well that's what you wanna do, you know?


And she told me, she pulled it aside. She said, you know Keisha, you never made me feel unloved, you never judged me. You never cursed at me. You never put your hands on me. She said, God is gonna bless you for that. Mm. And I'm like, ma, like come on. She said no. And I'm, I just, I'm just telling you like, you know, And I know I wanna do things the way I wanna do 'em, man. And but you going, you gonna be all right. And I'm just like, this is just like, I just can't take this bro. Like, come on. Like sure there's nothing we could do. Like I'm thinking it's something we could do. But yeah. A year later. Has your definition of family changed since, since losing your mom Definition?


Yeah. What you mean? Like, Just in general, like has your, has your definition of family change? Like what was your definition of family before I guess? No, no love and support and unconditionally being there for people if that doesn't hurt you. For sure. You know? 'cause there's limitations to everything. Especially if it, if it's doing something that's not you, you're hurting yourself now. No. You know what, Emini here, I learned that when I had my boys that there's, there's different ways I can support you and be there for you, but not harming my children or my family. Right. But it's still the same Emini here. You know, I still visit my family and see my family. My niece is coming to live with me.


She's, I gave her, I'm giving her a summer job. That's awesome. Cc Proud of Cece. And you know, my nieces are beautiful and nephews and so yeah. A day at a time. What about, What about reconnecting with your siblings? Y yeah. Nephew. Yeah. Did you? No, No. That's a work in progress. Always. Yeah. Just, you know, just slowly for surely Then the, the kids you have for your kids is you, you realize that's a total different love that you would ever have for Anybody else. Anybody else? I think so anyway. Well yeah. Emini here. But there was a point where I looked at nephew and just was like, oh my god. Like the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life.


Like, you know, And I felt like that about my mama. Like, oh my God, I don't care what nobody said about my mama. My mama just looks so beautiful to me. Like I don't give a deal. You know, my children Emini here. It's just like I would, I would hurt myself or my children. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? So, yeah. And that I guess in terms of that for sure. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. 'cause that go back to what I said. Yeah. I gotta protect mommy. Gotta protect that first. Yeah, for sure. Nikisha Cole, this is my story. Did you like that, that lifetime story? I felt like it was so much more I wanted to tell and go back to me saying that I set a list of goals for myself. If you go back to the reality show the way it is in the first season, I said that I wanted to do my own movie.


And I sat with you should, what was his name that did, dang He passed away. John Singleton. John Singleton. John Singleton. I sat with John and we talked about doing the movie and stuff like that. And that we actually had a screen play about it. And it was about my life and, and my struggles with my mom and my family and my love life and my music career and all these different things. But when my mother passed and they, we had already been speaking to them before the verses about doing the movie. And then when my mom passed, it kind of shifted that story a bit into my mom's life and me paying kind of homage to my mother and everything that I've experienced with her since a since a little girl.


And so it became the Frankie movie, like always she's even in passing, she's just, I'm like, bye it's your movie. Like, you know what, what I'm saying? Like, no, but I'm cool with it, you know? And hopefully one day I'll be able to do my own movie. 'cause I felt like that was really just a, a movie on our lives together. But You have so much history Emini here, so much history from the mc hammer to Pac to the music industry, to when I, you know, Dwayne Wiggins rest in peace. Yes. I look at your, you know, your crowds and your crowds go from 60 years old to 15 years old because your songs just transcend like love. I'm looking, I'm like, love is 20, 20 years old, which is crazy.


You play that in the club now. Yeah. And how does That feel? Well, if you think about it in the reality show, we can go back to that and my mother and people seeing a Frankie in their family like and from across The World, like, you know, every hood has, you know, somebody like my mom, you know, and then we got somebody like Frankie Emini here, nephew, crazy. Just, you know, like, you know, ain't gonna hold nothing back. You know what I'm saying? Then we got somebody like me that wanna make it work. Somebody that's going, you know, so if you got those generations and then now have children, you know what I'm saying? And, and those five year olds, six year olds, seven year olds, they sing in love, you know. But we have these generations of the mother that plays the music for the daughter right now, the daughter who's my age has two kids and now they're singing it.


So it's like to be able to see that and, and Stevie Wonder told me this. He said, you are to your generation what we were to your parents. And I was like, huh? He was like, yeah, that's what you are. I'm like, ain't no fucking Way. That's insane. No true though. No. I was like, nah. Heck no, man. No. When Did you realize you was the generational curse breaker for your family though? Huh? What you mean? Huh? No, seriously, When did you realize you was the generational curse worker? I love you so much. Why You think that you Are, you give that, that is it. That's what that reality show was watching that. Yes. And you just kind of uttered it outta your mouth. You say you have someone like you that wants to make it work, that wants to see change, that wants to break the cycle.


Oh wow. You know? Yeah. That's what do you are ultimately, you Think clearly you haven't realized? Not just with the mess period, Just with the for real. Yo, that's insane to think that Emini here. I don't know if I processed that, but nah, I haven't processed that because there's so much work that needs to be done. And I would love it Emini here, that dream of that little girl wanting to be a superstar so that she can have all her sisters and brothers live with her in one home. I did that. It didn't work out. And, and that's sad. You know what Emini here, like, 'cause I really wanted that for all of us to be together. And that didn't really happen. And that's why it took so long to bury my mother because a lot of my brothers and sisters would not come together.


And all my mother wanted to see was all her kids. I know she wouldn't have been able to see it. But wherever she was, I hope that she was able to see it. And that's why it took so long. 'cause I wanted to bring everybody together for her one last time. That was all she kept saying. Yeah. The year before her passing, I wanna see all my babies together. Wow. And we couldn't do it. Wow. And it was just like really pissing me off. So to know that the curse is broken, it would have to be everybody getting along, everybody coming together cohesively and making things work. Even if that's not, you know, hanging out all the time. But at least speaking and being cordial and loving one another and the children. Most, most of all, I think, you know, that would be to me a successful generational curse breaking, not just me and my family living.


Well and you know, that Emini here, that would be my, yeah. Did you tell the family that? Did the family know that we talking About freak gut? Oh man. What? Wow. And they couldn't put shit to the side for that. No. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. That Was all my bro, come on. Yeah. All This is all that. All that ain't nothing we, we talking about right now. You know? And that's what y'all gonna have to live with for the rest of y'all life. Emini here. I, at that point I was like, I ain't, you know, my mama got, she got rest in peace finally. So it is like, if that ain't gonna be the vibe, y'all don't want that. I can't want it, you know? And for y'all, so do You hold a grudge? Like somebody ask you for something like, nah, you ain't come, you ain't come to mama funeral.


Like, nah, I don't even have my information. Got you. I can't see it to say no. You know what, Emini here. So, but a grudge. I don't think so, no. Because anybody, like I said, can change and anybody like, you know, but you have to show that over time. And I was talking about this last night, which is so funny. We are having this conversation right now and who I used to be and the person that would wreck the room ask Steven Hill, they had to pay for it, you know? And me and my sister just slap boxing at them. Just me and nephew just used to go at it like cats and dogs and fight and fight outside in the hotel room B, everything's broke. You know what I'm saying? But over time we've shown that that's not the way we fix it and that's not how we deal with it.


You know what I'm saying? Whatever that may be. And she's still crazy though. Yeah. But, and I'm still crazy a little bit, but you know what I'm saying? But we just, it changes. It just, and you show people over time what that looks like. And that's by, you know, you proven it. Have y'all ever jumped somebody together? No. Dang. Really? No. No. We've never, nobody's given us the opportunity. Nobody Presented it to us. Like, you Know what Emini here, it's not like it could happen. It's like nobody Was voting up or like, make that A thing. Now you, me, you mentioned verses before. People were thinking that there was tension between you, Ashanti, during verses.


Was there any tension? I don't know why. No. And in addition to that, I'm so mad I had got COVID because I was ready to just, I was so mad, like, so pissed and no. So that's what you was mad about having COVID? I was mad that, that I had COVID in addition to the fact that it, my mic wasn't working. Yeah, yeah. And I was like, get my mic. Right. Don't do that to me. I don't know what, who's in cahoots in here, but John And I about to sabotage my stuff. So that was a, that was a, but it, it came off as like I was being unappreciative of the moment, which I wasn't because I was so excited about that moment. And I Emini here to be up there with such a beautiful like, artist like Ashanti, like I came up on Ashanti, like, that's so fire.


So nah. Never. And I hate that people took it that way. Yeah. Nah, Pe there was some people who thought that was stage two though, because they think that, that's like your persona, like a character. You portray That what? Like always with the drama. Always angry. Damn. That's that Misperception. I think it was too when, during the verses when it, it was the thing about whose turn it was, people were like, they, I think, I don't know if she was reminding you it was her turn, it was reminding her it was your turn. It people was like, all right, they doing this to play into the whole Wait, what? During the verses, I think it was Ashanti was telling you that it was her turn. You were about to play another song. But I think you were just excited to play another song. You don't remember this really? Yes. But people grabbed that online too. And they were like, this is them playing into the whole like Keisha Cole do her thing.


Her her little one too. Oh no man, that's too bad. I hate that. I hate that. But Emini here, shout out to Ashanti 'cause Emini here. She's amazing. So yeah, Emini here just to be up on that platform with Ashanti. I appreciate that. You know. Did y'all talk after that? No. Okay. No. She got a baby. Yeah. She pregnant again? Yes. Oh, congratulations. Right. Great. Good job. Have you ever felt pressure, like from the label or a TV network to I guess market pain or drama? Because people associate your music with heartbreak. And I wish I could blame that on The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year.


Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks Suits. Available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seeds that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows And massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in hope today by visiting music gives.org.


What happens when we come face to face with death? My truck was blown up by a 20 pound antit mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was kidnapped by a drug cartel. I just remember everything getting dark. I'm dying. We step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. In return, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 Minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm Not a victim, I'm a survivor. You're Strongest when you're the most vulnerable to Remind us what it means to be alive.


Not just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm Off Alive Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit, and what it means to truly live. Listen to live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. This is your girl TS Madison. And I'm coming to you loud, live and in color from the Outlaws podcast. Lemme tell you something, I broke the internet with a 22 inch weave, 22 inches. My superpower, I've got the voice, my kryptonite don't exist. Get a job. My podcast, the one they never saw coming.


Each week I sit down with the culture creators and scroll stopper. Tina Knowles, Lil Nas X. Will we ever see a dating show for the love of Lil Nas X? This is do a show with all my exes. Xbox Xboxes five. No, here it is. My next ex. That's actually cute though, Laverne Cox. I have a core group of girlfriends that like they taught me how to love and chapel Rome. I was Dropped in 2020 working the drive through. And here we are now. We turned side eye into sermons, pain into punchline and grief. We turned those into galaxies. Listen, make sure you tell Beyonce I'm going right on the phone right now and call her.


Listen to Outlaws with ts Madison on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts, honey.


Nah, it's just the way it is. Right? 20 years now and going on tour 20 years later for the way it is. No, I actually, I wrote a bunch of them songs myself. So they're all, everything that I've experienced, it's like a selected few that wasn't written by me. Enough of no love. I should have cheated Durron and Q for one 12. You know, there's a few songs, but yeah, You would blame that on somebody else. I should have cheated. Yeah. Well that was not my idea. Exactly. I sure For sure not. I should That's your story. Been s ticking to that for 20 years, huh? Great. Great record. Great record. It's True though. It's true. I didn't write it Emini here. I wish I would've 'cause it was actually a hit. But nah, I can't take credit When you start Trusting Love Again.


I have you Every time. Heartbreak. So yeah. Wow. What your love life like today? Oh, well, you know, I have just what the mess? 11. 11 period. No, 11. Hey babe, you there? Are you, are you single? Yes. Or is it complicated? No, it's not complicated at all. It's very much given single. Okay. Are You dating? I haven't decided to date again. Not yet. I I I take compliments. Thank you. I the way you answered that. Thank you for that. And then no, but am I ready to move on? No, I still got the tattoo here, so I can't like, I feel like until when I, it's high.


I don't know. You love fast though and hard. Wow. That's really, how do you know that Judgey? No, no, no. I Didn't even know, you know Her coming from him. I You coming from Angie Martinez sitting over there fixing the, the the, you love fast somebody. That's what you picked up over all these years. Don't even know I've seen you and you, you seem like you in love fast. Like you love, love. There's Nothing wrong with that. I think he means like, you, you're, you're, you're locked into the love. Like you, you're loyal to. I don How long she known these people before. She loves love. Ain't nothing wrong with that. No. When you see it on Instagram, you see that you think I'm in love fast then, but there's definitely something built before me too.


I just, yeah. Before I just post somebody like, I just like, but you love love. I definitely love, love for sure. Like I'm, I'm a lover girl for sure. But, and you haven't given up on that? I hope not. Yeah. Okay. But right now I'm not. I'm not. And I'm like, have you ever felt like, why do I feel like this? And I just don't, I like, I can't act on it right now. Like I just can't. It's like I'm going with the flow of whatever that feels like. I'm not, I'm not doing too much calling. It is not, it is like everything is reciprocated right now. Like, you know what Emini here. Like you give me love. I give you love. If there's no love to be given, it ain't no love to be given. Yeah. And that's just gonna be what it's, you mentioned The tattoo and you might not get rid of the tattoo. I don't know yet.


I just haven't did it. What Is the tattoo? Y What it, the honcho tattoo. Oh. Oh, I Was gonna say she be knowing shit and we Don't what I thought, sorry. It's, she has honchos name tattoo. But I was wondering if not getting rid of it is because like you're hoping to like rekindle and Well I just, I, I, I'm just, I'm not dating so it's not like, oh, I'm dating some dude and I'm sitting across the table And I got him on my chest. It is like, you know what Emini here, like I don, I'm not, I'm, I guess I got too much work to do right now. Right? Like I'm going on tour. Yeah. The BET awards is coming up. Yes. Oh, I'll be there. Yes. Steven Hill. Well, he's not there no more. Just say they don't have no problem inviting you back after you done tore up dressing rooms And all Emini here. They liked me more.


It was real, it was formidable reality show. Come Here. Like, No, Don't give Jess no ideas, please. No, Because you know, she'll tear up some shit in a minute, will You? No. She put her scarf on. I'm not like you. I I don Well, I'm not like the old, the old. Yes. I'm Not like, like you don't tear down things. No, I don't. She's a lie. She just curse people out. Do you gotta pick up Truck? I just Pick Truck. I felt like I seen a pickup truck one time Or another. When you pulled up To a house or two? No girl. Okay. No, I believe you. I believe You, you do look like you got an F-150. I ain't gonna lie.


That's so crazy. My husband got one, but I don't, that's the crazy shit here. Four 50. She just, yeah. With the baby in charge. I wanna I wanna rephrase my question then. When did you start Trusting Love Again? Was there ever a period where you didn't trust it? You're Like, fuck me niggas. I ain't No, no, no, no, no. I know when someone cares about you, I do. And, but things happen, you know, like I just feel like some things aren't made to last. And I, unfortunately, my last thing love hasn't, I don't know, maybe it's here, maybe it's not.


I don't know. Like I said, I'm just really for real legitly going with the flow. And like I said, I'm so blessed to be able to be here still like 20 years later and do the way it is tour that came out 20 years ago and have these little babies. Yeah. And the older people like, you know, my mom and singing the songs and loving the music. So I'm just focused on that right now. And if it happens, it's like cool. I'm not in a rush to get no tattoo covered up right now. I'm not in a rush to date right now. I just want to like appreciate the moment for what it is right now. Like, I think more so than anything, it's not about love right now. It's about my fans and Yeah.


Has it ever been a point right where you was like, where you had to be reminded of who the fuck you are though? You know, People say, I would love to address that. What do people mean by that? I guess it it Knowing your worth. 'cause who? Yeah, knowing your worth. Then also, so also You sometimes you forget who you are or people playing on your name Or, okay, so can I, can we dive in a little bit in that? Yes. What does that truly mean? Knowing who you truly like knowing your worth and people playing in your face. So, and then what do you do? What do you Emini here Do do what do you, do You want a more direct statement? Yes. About what we're talking about? So for me, go ahead. No, I was gonna say the answer, just question directly is like, sometimes you gotta silence the noise around you because we hear so much opinions about us, about us from other people.


Sometimes you might start believing that shit and that ain't, that their opinions aren't real And Pretty much, And I know that truly And who you date, right? Like, because I, I always was, I was saying the comments around whenever you would go viral for actually you not going viral. It, it's, it would be something around your relationship. Right? That's what I was gonna say. And it would be like, yo, does she not know who she is? Like she is Keisha Cole. She don't need to put up with this shit. Or how did, how did, how did he even get to be with her? How, why she keep dating a young girl? Why she, you know what I'm saying? Okay, So honcho specifically. Yes. So when things were surround, no, I really wanna get to the rule of This it honcho, but it's enough huncho. Okay. We can address that. We Gonna do honcho. He, that's, that's the, the real bay.


Okay? So when things happen in his life of surrounding him, but me and him are in a relationship, so boom, that then makes me look like I don't know my worth because of these things. That's our, that's outside of our relationship and what he's dealing with. Now that makes me look like Keisha. Do you know who you are? So then ask Keisha Cole, what would you suggest I do? What would be that? To show The World? I'm Keisha Cole. What, what, what would that be? I don't, I would say not giving a fuck, but see, this, this the thing. It's hard. Am I going? Am I, am I twerking? No. This the thing that Am I, what am I doing? See this the thing to show people Think they know, but we don't know your relationship.


Do I go out, take shots? No, You do whatever makes you, Makes you happy because you put the diaper on and go on stick. Thank you. And I thought you getting up to swing excited? Yeah. Okay. Get the money right. Okay. So boom. That, that looks good. Okay. And stay quiet, But do what you Wanna do.


Yeah, No, I just wanna know because people say it all the time, remember who you are And I thought me remembering who I am, just my personal opinion of myself and love. And when you truly love somebody, you don't just be like, oh yeah, because I'm Keisha Cole. Now I can go out And I can show him who I really could be with or who I really could be around. Who really, my friends who really like, like no, it's cool. And whatever happens God is meant is happening because God said it's happening. Right? So how do I, like I can't just, I'm, I'm, I'm just not like that. So, you Know what's interesting about that? Now that I think about it on this, if they say, remember who you are, maybe clearly we don't know you because if you're doing what you want to do, Like we think we know that's the problem.


Like, like you say, other people's opinions are, you know, just what they are, other people's opinions. But we don't know. Like they people don't know you. So Above all of this is what that is. It's like you're above all of this. You're above, you're greater than everything that's happening in, in your life right now. Yes. That's, that's What they're saying. So sit above that. Don't deal with nothing and actually don't even bring nobody to the forefront no more. Actually, we don't even wanna see you with nobody Keisha until it's, That's how you feel like people feel. I think so because I, and I'm not taking it as a way that like, people feel like they don't wanna see me happy. Well sometimes, but you know, they'd rather see it like if it's gonna be real than it's gonna be forever. Forever. Right. You know what I'm saying? I think my fans are like, we done seen you go through enough. Yeah.


But that's the thing. That's That's that's what it's, We done seen so much. We want you to be happy. You Know what Emini here, there was a video that went viral. You, you were performing, it was doing all the Huncho stuff and you were crying and they tried to say, okay, this is because of the Huncho stuff. And people were really, really upset, like online because people wanna protect you so much and, but you stay quiet. So only when you see stuff like that and whether it is or it's not about him, how, how you feeling In that moment? It was actually the last show of the last tour and that was my first arena tour that I prayed for. And I was thanking the fans for like being there for the whole tour. You know, us having great, a great tour.


Like I was crying of my fans being there for me. Like I don't know where the huncho thing came from. Like I don, that's crazy. I don't know. But if they wanted to think I was crying over Hunter, I guess. I don't know. I was like cool. Oh. Anyway, on a happier note, I love to see people giving you your just due 'cause you deserve all of the flowers and the things. I was at usher show when he brought you, brought you on stage. That was crazy. It was amazing to see that. I was like, what Is happening? And it was so pure because you could tell you didn't even wanna be up there, but he just made it a point to he, he dropped love and she didn't even have to sing a word. Yeah. He was so sweet for that. He was so Sweet. He just wanted you to listen to them. They was screaming at the top of their lungs, the whole arena.


Oh my god. The Song word for word. Yeah. I think that's when, I think we was talking about this the other day. I think when people do that, it makes me feel uncomfortable. Wow. Really? I don't Know. I get real like I don know like, but maybe that's what y'all mean by remember who you are That as well You bought Charlamagne on stage and put cherries in Charlamagne mouth too. That never Happened. No. Listen, can I ask you about the diaper? Why? Why I don't listen to him. Listen, she like it Boy, y'all like that. It was cute. I don I don't, I don't care either way. I'm just asking 'cause people be on your diaper. I feel like it's really, it's cool. It's another thing like my fans are people in general just like to pick at me.


I feel like, because I could have sworn it, but like they were telling me that Doce wore it to the Super Bowl or something like that. Doci. Doci. Okay. Yeah, she wore it to the Super Bowl and Doci to the Super Bowl. She wore diaper. She wore the same outfit. Okay. And everybody said she did it and it was fashion and it was, And I was like, oh really? Because I didn't even know that they showed me last night. And I was like, oh no, I like it. Oh yeah, yeah. It was cute. And they showed you last night. Well maybe because but You been who? But okay, so remember who I am and remember, but I can't, so don't do fashion. Okay. Boom. So I'll try to keep that on the list.


Remember who you are. Don't do fashion, don't love until it's time for you to love and be married and like we wanna see you happy. I'm trying to satisfy the fans And don't, and listen, add another one. Don't text ab 'cause he gonna put it out there. The nerve to bring that up. The nerve that he did the, I don Dunno why this is a thing. Oh my God. Okay, Before we move Back, ab I just wanna to, before you move, have you ever used the diaper on stage? Yo. What Diaper? It's, it wasn't a diaper. A diaper Can show him the picture. What is wrong with you? That's what they called it. That's what they was calling it. Trying to be funny. It's actually short.


It's an actual outfit. Yo. No, because I already, you know, the rapper of the baby used to wear a diaper on things back In the day. Oh my God. Yes. Its Grown as way, way back in the day because the, the the baby, The baby, that's what they used to call. You need To stop. That's not nice Because That was his whole persona. It was the baby. So he had a pamper on during weekends. So He was He just like attached to The belt? Yeah. That was before he came out. Like the belt on the side? No, It was a pamper. He used his asper Keisha. It was To promote himself. This is the baby Baby on On the over the jeans. No, he jeans On. He did not have ass out with the diapers. Did not. No damn ass out. I don't believe that Keisha Not come here for another seven years. I'm not coming back. She's not coming Here for another seven years. I never paid attention.


Everybody, they be like, Keisha, I don. It's not like I stopped the look. So I I thought It wasn't a pimp year. That's Don't do that. You know what you doing? I don't be paying attention. Always. You been knowing you been doing since he'd been with Wendy, but exactly what happened. Did you punch him? Did you wanna punch your friend? The diaper, Adrian? Oh my goodness. Ab Oh, Antonio Emini Here. Antonio, I'm talking about Adrian. I'm talking about that's the wrong ab not the one that be getting beat up. The one that be beat people. Oh my God. What? Why? I don't know. Okay. I don't know. All I know and I'm gonna try to be as respectful yes as I could be at this point because I do think that he said a lot.


But in addition to that, he also said that nobody wants me and nobody cares about me. So I just felt I took that as a, that's like a Hmm hmm. Cool. Then that means that you shouldn't speak about me. That means that there should be nothing there. There should be, if you nobody wants or cares then it shouldn't be spoken on anymore. That's what I thought that meant. I just don't like corny shit. And I just wanted to ask you, did you punch him for that? I didn't know. I didn't Know. I haven't seen him since for years. For years since that, since that was said.


I haven't seen him, so I don't even know. I asked him to stop. I asked, I told him I have children And I would prefer to. Right. Yeah. And I have to go Through these and please and God bless you. And, and, and it persists. So. Got You. Was there ever a point you thought to yourself, I gave The World too much of me? When you think, like, I think about all of this stuff that's coming up in this interview and you like, damn, all of that has been out there. It is. But I guess then, then I wouldn't be Keisha Cole. So, But if in order to have Keisha Cole's, Some things I wish I could just erase for sure. Right, right. Yeah. Like What, like, Like the last two minutes of this conversation.


Wait, before you erase, I gotta go back to something. Alright. No wait. Keisha gotta go too. Before we erase, this is my last question. You said Ashanti having another baby, but that's the thing. Oh, I thought that's what they said. Oh, Went out. No, you just broke. No, no, no, no. The second baby. Anything though. I saw this And I been sitting like this. Keisha Cole Just announced everybody knew the baby Rumor. I did not Announce rumors. It has not been confirmed. That's why I'm like, what the heck is happening? I thought that happened when they was on live the other night. And Nellie, I thought they said, I swear, I thought maybe it's been rumor, maybe Keisha did break it And I the fuck outta, I don know. Don't know anything. I was yelling Eight years now. So now we can, we can start era now.


Go ahead. Okay. Last two minutes erased. Okay. I know you gotta go. What, what, what did fame take from you or take from your inner child that you're still trying to give back when you think about the last 20 years? Mm. I was 21 when I made it. Mm. Yeah, I had lived my little childhood. Mm. I didn't miss a beat. Actually. I was bad as hell run through the streets in Oakland though. Trust me. Trust me. I didn't miss a beat. I'm cool now. I'm cool. I'm cool. I don't think, do You feel the love after all the bullshit? Do you feel the love today? Of course. Heck yeah. Emini here. I haven't made a record in so long. I did. I did Kalani, I did that record with Kalani.


I did do a record with Honcho. I just got in the studio with Trippy Red. That was that Emini here. I did a song with him. Yeah. You gonna do another album and this Glow Rilla thing? This Glo Rilla thing. Hey, Love you. The sample for that. For the Love I did. Okay. That's What's up. Yeah. Y'all getting that first here? I thought I would because I love you guys so much and yeah. So that's gonna be super fly. I'm supporting Glo. I like her style. Love Glo. Are you doing another Album? You like her too? Love Her. Yeah. Glo Love busy. She's so cute and sweet. It can make good ass motherfucker music. She makes great Music. She, I was seen her on stage. I was like at Coachella. I said, yeah, it's time you play that record.


You gotta ask this. Okay. Real quick. If Kanye called you then and say, yo, I want you to do one more song with me right now, what would You say? Well, first we're going to church. Okay. And, and, and, and yeah. We're calling. We both gonna call the pastor. I love it at this point because everybody needs a little God. Yes. You know what Emini here And I don't know what's going on and I'm not here to judge that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. At all. But I definitely would, I would, I would like for my friend to actually like really Emini here. I don't know how hard or how bad it hurts. Yeah. To people to say things and do things and like I would, I would really want him to find some love. For real. For sure. I wish that for all of us. To that note, do you feel a way when you performed last night, Keisha Cole, ladies and gentlemen, What kind of mic is this?


This is awesome. Are you doing another album? I am. I am. Hopefully. Hopefully you Ain't start yet. You know how I said it's like when you feel things like I did. I did a song. I did a song. Yeah. About my last relationship. That's What I'm saying. How many toxic relationships have you been in since then? That was music. No, I'm just saying Triggering and traumatizing. I think it was only like two. Like two. That's Enough. That's enough of a Whole album. Keisha Cole. Seven years and three months since your last album. I love you. Oh my God. Oh my God. I Love you Keisha. Keisha, we love you. Thank you so much. I love you more. Thank you. The way is the 20th anniversary tour. Celebrating the 20th anniversary of her debut album.


And we love you, Keisha. I Love you guys too. Thank you. Gonna be a New York on July 12th too, by the way. Come July 12th. We out ski. It's The Breakfast Club. It's ko. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most. And provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.