
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler Bow Open, Airbus or Stylish The color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


Wake that ass up early In The morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just H Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRose is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Damon. Wayans Jr, welcome. Thank you boss. Thank you man. How you feeling brother? I'm feeling all right. You all right? When did, when did Jess have a baby? Like three years ago, two months. About two months ago. Two, three months ago. Maternity leave. So that's great. That's great. We back shortly. Listen, I always wanna as way, right? Are you born into the Illuminati Or you have to earn your spot like everybody else? The Illuminati.


You definitely don't get haze. They definitely walk you right in. No, I don't know. I dunno about Illuminati. Yeah, no man. How you get there? Illuminati had to earn my spot. You did? But I'm saying y'all like, y'all been successful for so long. Oh, so success means Illuminati You know that. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. Come on. It takes it takes it. You know. Yeah, you kinda just walk in at this point. Yeah, but You know I'm a conspiracy theorist, so yeah. I don't really fuck with Illuminati. Yeah, I thought the conspiracy theories, the conspiracy theorist did like the whole Illuminati. Isn't that a conspiracy? What the Illuminati. The Illuminati is a conspiracy.


Yeah, but, but I don't attach myself to that. Oh, gotcha. Dam. Like what the fuck are we talking about? I thought you said I'm a conspiracy theorist, so I'm like that. That's what y'all do. That Illumina You know I be on, I'll be on YouTube. I be looking at the videos. So what is the conspiracies about the Wayne's Brothers then? How, how have the Wayne's family been so successful for so long? I don't know if there's a conspiracy. I think it's just, it's just family working together. You know. I feel like that's what we all should be doing. Absolutely. You know what I mean? Like I feel like black people learn best by example. And so you have a bunch of examples and you just copy 'em. Let's talk about the pressure of Being, hold on one second. Did you study every member of your family? Like did you watch everything Keenan was in?


Did you watch everything your dad was in? Did you watch everything Marlin was in? Like I'm talking about since you was a child, like did you study everything that they did? I mean, I, I watched the stuff that I like, like there there was ones I skipped What you skipped. What did you skip? What You skip? What did you skip? Glimmer Man, I don't remember Glimmer Man, I remember the glimmer man. My dad, my uncle Keen did a movie with Steven Al Glimmer Man, is that what it's called? The Glimmer? I don't Know. I don't remember that One. That me either. Blank man. No, no. I watched Blank Man. You was in it because I was in it. Yeah, we, we just got a picture of you in it. Oh my God. Dude. Does that get on your nerves? That's crazy. No. That's so cool. Yeah, he, you see Glimmer Man, I don't even know what he talking about.


That pulled down the Glimmer, man. It wasn't, I don't remember this one. I definitely don't remember Glimmer Man. 1996. I missed that one. Yeah, Man. Yeah. Yeah. I like a lot of people did. Yeah. Yeah. I like the comedies. Yeah. I You know, I like Don't Be A Menace is one of my favorite classic love Major Payne Classic. I my favorite. I love, what was that movie with Jada Pinkett? Uncle Keenan. Oh Lord. Lord. On Nerd Shame Down Dirty Shame. Yeah. So I love those. Those are like my top classics. Yeah. Yeah. And Blank Man. 'cause I was in it. Blank man. So who the everyday working class Williams? Everyday working class There? Any everyday working? We got a Bunch of working class Williams. Okay. They, we got a big ass family. So there's like a lot of people that are just as funny as everybody, but they just don't feel like You know going through the Hollywood shit.


But do they Just work? Do they work on the set or Do they have like, we have some that work on the set. You know we got I love it. Yeah, we got, we got Uncle Sean's writing on the show works on Papa's House. Yeah. Aunt Kim. She's A showrunner. Yeah. How You know all this. Oh yeah. 'cause I was gonna act like I to this Nigga. This this guy. He, he Live here. You know my, I got my daughter works on the set. She's a, she's a stand in for Essence Atkins character. Wow. And she be writing on the show too. She's great. That's it. Yeah. She's dope. Now we gotta talk about the pressures of of of being a whams. I mean, 'cause Is there pressure though? Pops uncle, family, cousins like Yeah. Is there any pressure? Nah, I don't feel like, I don't feel like there's pressure.


I mean, maybe in the beginning. In the beginning it was like, I used to, I used to have a, an alias when I went on stage. Kyle Green. Really? Yeah. And no one guessed it. You looked, Your pop was like, Hey you look like the S family because You walk, It's just pop. No, like the middle of my punchlines back. You look just like your damn daddy. And so I had to change it just to Damon You know. But really I was just trying to get my bearings. You know I was trying to like get on stage and not be like, come to the stage. Damon Wayne's son You know. So that's Why have you never got something because you are Wayne like, they was like, eh, you're part of the family now. Maybe. I don't know. They don't You know. That's all that behind the scenes stuff. But You know they let you in. They'll let you in just because they wanna see you.


You know. They'd be like, oh, Damon Williams. When I first started. So I got in some, some rooms and shout out to my family for making it easier for me. You know a lot of people You know they get, they frown on the Nepo baby thing. But I, I think it is great. I think it's like You know. I don't see nothing wrong with it. I don't either. I mean, I feel like it's a business. This is a business just like any other business. If it was a You know a car manufacturer and then he passed it down to his son, stuff like that. It's just, that's what it is. I think what y'all done is phenomenal. I was phenomenal. I was driving on the west side yesterday. And I saw the digital billboard for Papa's House and Oh, they got a billboard out there. Yep. And it was you and your pops. And I was just like, man number one, the OG Damon Wayne's been getting it for a long, long, long, That long time.


That man, that man's a Killer. And it's nothing cooler than being able to do what you love to do with your son. Like everybody, we love what LeBron and Ronnie doing. Gotta give it up for y'all too. Yeah, man. I mean I, I'm, I'm happy man. I, it we, we've had a really good time so far. We shot like 11 already and You know it finally came out last night. And I'm just hoping You know people keep watching and and seeing. 'cause it gets funnier and funnier. You know the, the pilot is a good, it sets the stage, sets the characters, but we had a lot of suits. You know, they were like, kind of like making sure that we did what, what they wanted us to do. And then as time went on, they've let us spread our wings and now we get to just be ridiculous and funny and heartfelt and You know I love it.


I love seeing my dad every damn day. Well what is Papa's house about? For people that don't know because it came out Yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. So Papa's House is basically about a, a papa who's a popular morning radio dj and can you relate? Yeah. A little bit. Yeah. A little bit. And he is a, he lives alone. He's happily divorced. He basically lives his dream of solitude until his son, who is like an immature needy guy, moves in next door to him with his wife and his two kids and just kind of turns papa's life upside down. And that's basically the, the long and short of it. We were toying with the idea of calling it raising Damon.


'cause it, it's like You know, you think it's him raising me? But then it, you kind of see that Papa needs him raising too. You know it's a lot of old school versus new school views. I think it's really cool. You know. I think it, I think my goal for the show is to bring back black comedies. You know, like had I known that You know the nineties in the early two thousands, like were never gonna be again You know. Like there were so many options. We had. We had like, we had Fresh Prince of Bel Air Living Single Cosby Show. Cosby Show, Martin Different, Martin Martin Martin. We had so many options on so many different channels.


And had I known that we were gonna have like nothing for like You know over a decade, I would've appreciated it more. You know Family Matters. Nobody can explain to me why that went away. Because it's not like all, all those shows were super successful. They, so what happened in Hollywood that they just flipped the switch and said we don't want no more of this. Let's do reality television. I don't know. I feel like they always use, they always use black people to kind of build up the platforms and then just do away with them. You know you You know the Living Single Friends thing. The UPN Remember UPN? Absolutely. They used all them shows. Jamie Fox Show, Marlon Wayne. Marlon Wayne. The Waynes Brothers Wasn't Mo showing there too. Ma we we Come on now.


So they had all these damn shows. Your Pop your pop show too. My wife and kids. My wife and kids. Yeah. I didn't wanna say that 'cause it's That that was just, that was, that was fine to me. I don't wanna say it. I love, I love my wife and kids, but like they had so we had so many shows. And I feel like now what we have. We have Abbott, we have the neighborhood. Is there anything else? Nah, You know. There was a, there was a resurgence but a lot of them weren't good. Blackish grown. Oh yeah, Blackish was great. We got the The Shy. Yeah. Grown. Yeah. Insecure. Right? Insecure Stopped. Insecure was great. I'm talking about like sitcom now. Like they don't ever Yeah, like the sitcoms, like network tv.


I feel like it's You know it's far and few between And. I just hope that You know. Maybe the show gets popular enough to be like, oh, let's bring more of those. Yeah. You know what I mean? I, I love it because I feel like people need to see black people enjoying themselves. Black people making each other laugh. Black people making The World laugh. You know How much of this show is just improv off the script? 'cause I know it's based on like, you guys were really about to move next door to each other or something at one Point. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a lot of it's improv. You know. But we, we have a script, but we definitely do whatever we want because You know it's my dad's show and he'll just let people play. And so we having fun You know I'm, I like, I like to improvise but You know there's certain characters that like to just do the script and they're fine doing the script, but everybody's having fun.


Are you good at taking notes? Are both are, are you and your dad good at taking notes? Me? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I take notes. I, I mean I take, I like constructive criticism. I, I'm, I'm, I mean my dad, that's how he raised me. You know this dude is the most brutal critic of all time. I did, I did, I did years ago I did, what was it called? Def Comedy Jam. I did Def Comedy Jam. I was like 25, 26 And I got standing ovation. Like I was nervous as hell. I got standing ovation. I do really well. I get off stage. He comes up to me, he goes, anything you did son And, I go, I don't know, like eight, nine. He's like seven and a half and he just walks off.


Just like, There was no context. Nothing. No nothing. No notes. No notes. You just got figured Out. Do better You know how, how do you feel with your dad doing, staying up and, and You know he would talk about you guys and stand up and of course he talks about you You know masturbating all the household at that time. You wait to ask that question. Yeah. So how did that work? You Lit up. You lit up that saw that. Yeah, I did Boy Scout. Oh Jesus. Louder. So how was that for you as a kid when your dad used to tell him stories? It was, that one specifically was embarrassing. 'cause I remember one time I was, I was like hooking up with this girl and or about to hook up with her.


And she was like, wait a minute, are you the guy that does the thing with spaghetti And? I was just like, what? And then she plays me a clip of the fricking video of him just You know talking about me going spaghetti again. I'll be right back. And You know I didn't get any that day. So yeah, it messed me up. Damn. Did You not get any, 'cause she wanted you to do the spaghetti trick right then and there and you was like, no. I was like, I'm not gonna, I'm like, you can do this spaghetti trick. Yeah. No, she just, she just wanted to laugh at me. She just laughed. It was very embarrassing. Damn. Yeah. Y'all got Gregory Owens on the set. Yeah. Right. The, the legend Elvin from the Cosby Show.


Gregory Jeffrey. Jeffrey. Yeah. His, No, his his name is spelled weird. Yeah, it spelled with a G. Jeffrey. Jeffrey. Almost like G off for you. Yeah. Bit. Yeah. And you don't wanna call him Elvin 'cause it's disrespectful. So Jeffrey Yeah, we got, we got him. But do, do you, do you pick their brainin? Like do you sit around and have conversations with him about how You know things were back then? N not really, but he's, he And I have a lot of scenes together. Like we just shot an episode together. It was just kind of, he And I and, and my wife on the show and we just have so much fun together. Yeah, he's so ready to play. He's so You know, just happy to be there and I'm happy to have him there. And it's just very, like, he's just such a, he's a Shakespearean actor, so it's like really cool to see him in his element.


Like we did something in this, in that episode specifically for him to shine and, and he really did. It was really funny. Do you think you have an appreciation for history being that you're surrounded by it? I mean, you're making your own right, but you're always, you, I mean, your whole life, I'm sure Eddie Murphy, Oren Hall, Robert. Hmm. And these people were just there. Like, so do you have a his appreciation for it because if it was me, I couldn't shut the fuck up. I'd be asking a million questions. Yeah. All the time. You know, my, my dad kind of instilled in me not bothering famous people. Like I, I I see them And I give them a respect. But I'm also like, You know you do your thing.


You know. I don't wanna I don't want to ask you the question that I know thousands of people asked you. Like, I see Eddie And, I just like I'm in awe, but I'm also not gonna like show him that I'm in awe. You know. So I don't really bo I don't like bothering famous people. But we did used to have a lot of fun. You know We, my dad said that You know when, when I was a kid that he used to invite that Eddie used to invite him and his family on their little yacht parties. Right. And my dad would have to go on there with his You know his wife and, and me as a kid. I was like two years old, maybe three. And, and Eddie would be sitting there like, man, this is, this is nice man. Like looking at my family, he's like, see, this is what I want.


I want this. I'm gonna go fuck some bitches. And like he'd leave and my dad would just be on the boat by himself with his family. And there'd be like a bunch of girls there and stuff like that. A bunch of celebrities. And it was really cool. You know. And I remember one time, well my dad told me this, he said that, That's what I want. He pointed to Eddie. I want that with them. It just, yeah, that's what dad definitely, he was like, I want that. Yeah. But, but Emmanuel Lewis You know Emmanuel Lewis. Yes. Man. So Webster. Webster, He was You know Emmanuel Lewis? Yes. So he was on the boat right one time. And, and he was like dressed fly. He had a suit on, had a watch. And he a said, had a watch.


He a little dude, And I And I as a baby was confused. 'cause I'm like, you thought he was a big baby? I thought he was a big baby. I'm like, why he how You know all them big words. Why, how you who gave you a watch? You know. I'm like following him around the whole oh my God. The whole yacht. Trying to You know, see what's up with him. You know just like ironing out. Like I got the kid on the boat. Who gave you them shoes? You know where your diaper at? You know How old was you? You Remember I was two? No, he just told me. My, my, my dad told me I was walking around following them everywhere. He was like, come on man. Go. He was like trying to shoot me away, Man, that is fucking Fun. Oh man. Like come on man. It's nap time.


The World is constantly changing if it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play in a panoramic moon. Moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both Open Earbuds are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like it too. Check out bose.com for more.


That's funny. So what is the, you guys always keep Essence Atkins booked. I know she's in Papa's house. She plays Dr. Ivy Green. What's, what's the chemistry with her and the Wayne family? Like, can you talk a bit about that and a decision to bring her on this show? Right. Well first of all, essence Atkins keeps herself booked. Like that woman is a phenomenal comedic actress, phenomenal actress period. But she's also like really funny. And initially my dad didn't want her to be on the show 'cause uncle mom was like, yo, you gotta put it on You know she's really funny. I don't know what you're doing. You know. And, and my dad was like, kind of You know like, no, he was on, she was on your show. I don't want to have that on my show.


Like, leave it alone. And finally he You know, he was like, come in and read. And she went in and like from the moment she walked in the door, she was killing us. Like just so funny. Like before she even said a word of the audition, she came in, killed it, killed it left. And she was the first person up too. So everybody else, like, she just sucked all the energy out the room and there was just like no one was gonna do or top that. So You know. So Essence keeps herself booked. Like she's just phenomenal. Now You also see the change of comedy, right? Because you've seen everything your family has done. Mm. Right From Blank Man to Living Color. Do you think comedy can go back there without people getting insulted about getting offended, taking things personal?


I Mean, I don't think so. I mean, I feel like, could Y'all do Blank Man Too? The show Kind of into too, we could do Blank Man, this blank Man Offensive though. I feel like, I feel like Blank Man was like pretty chill. I Don't remember. I have to go back and watch it again. Because what I, because what, what we didn't think was offensive. Now when you back you'd be like, damn. Oh yeah, that would piss everybody off now. True You. know what I Mean? True. How do you get away with all that? Don't give a fuck. Oh Yeah, I like it. You Gotta keep going. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You just canceled that day. You gotta treat it almost like comedians, right? Like I'm not a comedian, but you gotta treat it like that. Like yeah, you don't know. You crashed till you crash. That's true. I'm not trying to crash, but You know That's True. And that's what like, You know, like that's what got you to where you are You know. Yeah. Same with you.


Like you guys, like I really, but I Miss those shows. I missed the Too Live color shows and those shows that pushed the Line and pushed the Edge You know, I, I don't know. I blame, I blame Judd Aow Bring you down. I'm here for it. Bring you down. I'm all here. I'm always down to blame the white man for something. So, and so I, I mean this is a conspiracy theory, but I I I don't think he did it intentionally, but I feel like it started with Super Bad. Like Super Bad came out classic, classic super funny. And then I feel like after that it was just no more black stuff, no more black movies. Like, it was just like You know.


They were like, we got it from here.   And then they did all their You know. It was like Jewish comedies, like starring Jewish people. Jewish young guys, which were really funny. Like I love 40-year-old version. I love Bridesmaids, I love Super Bad, but I feel like it like just went that way and then there was no more black comedies. Like they don't make 'em anymore. Have you noticed that? I wonder if it's because because I think about what you're saying all the time. 'cause I love the tone of all those movies you just made. Yeah, I, I even put Get 'em to the Greek in that. Yeah. I wonder if it's because Hangover, they're willing to take more risk. Yeah, Well they have the like, Like there's a lot of things that they do in their comedy that I feel like some black people wouldn't necessarily Do. Don't they have the room to do It though?


Right? I disagree. I say I'm, I'm saying the opportunity's not there. I'm sure You know there's like a bunch of black comedies being written. They're just not being shot. They're not, they're not being given to black comedians. Yeah, But I think he's asking would like some of our big name Black comedians, would they take those roles that are gonna push those boundaries? Because it could offend, but what Boundaries, I mean people are offended by everything nowadays. So I mean, depends on who you talking about and what you talking about. Well It's a lot of like back in the day when you look at it living color and all that stuff like that, they weren't afraid to pretend to be gay. They weren't afraid to, they wore dresses. I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm not saying you got a way to dress. Right. But they weren't afraid to push the limits. Right. There's things that I feel like this black people wouldn't do. Yeah. I mean now you just get critiqued for everything.


But I think if it's funny enough, but they'll let you do it. You know, like, like we let Robert Downey Jr. Get away with blackface 'cause it was funny. Right? And but I don't think he could do that now. I don't feel like, I don't feel like anything is a, I don't feel like, I don't even know Superba could get away with being super bad now. Maybe super bad, but like 40-year-old version. I'm not sure. No. Right. Like these, these Not Even nerds. Not even Nerds. Which is crazy. Nerds is Rapy though now. Now when you go back Nerds. I haven't, I haven't, I haven't watched you go back and Look. They be like as it's rapy. Yeah. I mean there's scenes like You know the guy, when the guy dressed up the, the girl thought it was her boyfriend, the costume he had on, but it was a whole other guy.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's Rapy. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean it's kind of like, I feel like people are just way too aware and, and, and way too sensitive You know what I mean? Like leave room for comedy. I feel like comedy is experimental. It's not, it's not the entire truth. It's like grains of truth. It's someone's truth potentially. But in the reality, the goal is to make you laugh. Yeah. You know And, and And I feel like people shouldn't be watching stuff ready to be offended. You should be watching stuff, trying to laugh If you're watching a comedy, if you wanna laugh, By the way, it's not even just comedy though. I think about back in the day, like why was Q in high school fucking the nurse in Juice?


They ain't even give us an explanation. Like there was no reason for it. Like why? I didn't even think about that. Why was she just, why was this nurse just fucking to high school? I Bet you, I bet you there was like a storyline that they just didn't have time to explore. They probably had to cut it You. know what I mean? Are you guys going to like, 'cause I don't, I feel like too, it's a lot of the, like the networks know that people will be offended so they try to stay away even if they wanna try it. Right. But in Papa's house, like you guys have Essence Atkins who's kind of coming in and your dad is like the old school person who he's like aware of the boundaries but he doesn't really care. And she's like, you're gonna have to care. Are y'all gonna kind of play around with that a little bit more and take those risks? Or is the network like we can be cute with it, but like No, because your dad be willing to go all the way there.


I love it. Oh, he goes there all the time. Didn't he get in trouble on your, on your show? Yeah. Like years ago. I watched that last night. I don't Remember. I Watched it last night. Jr people things, you resurfacing things for no reason. Well They put my picture during that whole controversy. I remember just My picture. I do remember that. It was everywhere. I was like, come on now. I was like, he didn't say it. So guess what? You gotta pay for the sins of his father Now. It's crazy. What, what y'all, Y'all, y'all gonna, y'all gonna push those boundaries on the show? Yes, We are. We, we have And I Think that You know once the, the, the suits the CBS saw that we know what we're doing.


They kind of like let us play You know. I mean like, and you'll see each episode gets funnier and funnier and funnier and You know and the characters are get more and more well-rounded. We deal with like real issues too, which is kind of weird to have like serious scenes and stuff like that. But we, we do that too, which just makes the comedy funnier. And I I love what we're doing right now, man. It's, it's, it's very unique, especially on CBS. Like we're definitely making CBS uncomfortable with the choices we're making, which I think is great because we're pushing the envelope. It's like we got, we we're competing against streaming now we're competing against network shows that go for it. So it's like there's no time to really just play it safe.


What are you teaching your father? Because we all You know we always Teaching my father You gotta be teaching him something. Like, 'cause You know your experience is totally different than his experience. Are you teaching him anything? I, I don't know. You know. I don't, I I really maybe be a little nicer. I don't know. I don't know. I don't think, is he nicer? I feel like he's getting nicer. Does he getting older? A little nicer. He's getting he's getting nicer. You know. He's You know he's cranky sometimes. But that's just how he's always been You know. But then he You know he has You know has, he has really high highs. Like if you make him laugh, you can get him out of a bad mood. Gotcha. Like that's how we used to get outta spankings.


Make him laugh. Make him laugh. Yeah. I Gotta ask, tell me the close encounter. Like what's the clo like I'm talking about the belt, the ass. About the be and you come with that fire joke that made him put the belt down. So he used to swing the belt with You know like some people like fold the belt. He ain't used to fold the belt. It would just be like long. Right. Like a whip. Like a whip. Yeah. And so when he was about to hit me, I was like, don't get my ding ding. And I'm like held my stuff and then he'd just laugh because, because he would wrap around sometimes and go hit the tip. You know. Oh God. He didn't hit us a lot, bro. That sound abusive when he did when he did. Yeah. Hit Ho. Yeah, but he was You know he got, he got his ass whoop when he was little. So he didn't really know.


But he didn't hit us a lot. I I can name, I can You know count on one hand how many times I gotta ask you Are drinking soda and water this morning? I had to, I I I had a long day yesterday. Yesterday was long. So I had, I don't even drink soda like that. Like if my dad see this, he gonna be pissed. The soda's, the caffeine, the water is the healthy. So water is to flush it out. Caffeine is to wake me up. Oh, you don't like coffee? I don't like coffee. Coffee makes me You know shit. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I already, I don't have a problem with that. Coffee. Coffee. That's why I do with my Reposado. I be getting shots hen and order Dehydrate Coffee. Yeah. Hennessy laxative for me. Yeah. I don't, I Don I don't, I don't even drink like that. I had two glasses of wine yesterday. And. I.


I'm messed up right now. Jesus. Yeah. She Got about seven and she's still fine. Not seven glasses of wine. Yeah. Seven glasses, seven shots. No, I had like three glasses of wine last night. Yeah, but you a youngster, you could do That. Yeah. But what I do is I hydrate while I'm doing it because it makes it easier. Yeah. Do you do it with like salt, like little Celtic salt They that you put salt in the, in the water supposed to really get into your bloodstream or something. I've Heard that. No, I never heard of that. Are you ever afraid to work with your pops? Because You know that he just like sabotaged his SNL situation and just walked, he purposely did things to get fired. Do you ever think that he might do that again? I mean, I, I don't, I think he's, I think he's more patient now.


I think he's, I think he just wants to make a good show and spend time with his family doing it. Like I feel like this is like what he likes doing and so I don't think he's gonna jeopardize that. Yeah. I mean that You know maybe 10 years ago maybe, but like now I feel like he's just like chill and, and just having fun. Like we just be laughing the whole day. It's just, I love it. And, and when You know you talked about You know Sean writing on the show and You know your Aunt Kim being a showrunner. Do y'all even look outside of the family? No, we have a lot of people that are from our are outside of the family too.


Okay. Like there's like 12, 13 writers on The show. But you said they know you guys though, right? Like they're like family Friends. Yeah, we all know they're family friends. Like the showrunner. We, he the showrunner wrote major pain with my dad. He wrote on my wife and kids with my dad. So Do strangers get a Chance? Strangers get a chance too. Yeah. We got some strangers in there. That sounds So crazy. We got some strangers. Love it though man. Y'all are doing it the way. Yeah. Black people should do it. I Agree. Absolutely. And I think that You know and, and we're not bringing in stragglers. Like we're bringing in people that contribute to the project. They're not just being like, they're not just there 'cause their name is Weigh-ins. They're actually like contributing and being really good. Keenan Junior's in the writer's room, which is, he's so damn funny.


My brother Michael in writer's room. It's just, it is just great man. I, I don't know, I, this is the closest thing I've come to being on a show that I have control over. Right? Like I always kind of envy my family because like the first generation, because they got to come in as themselves. Like this is who we are within living color. Like this is who we are. Take it or leave it. Right. This is funny to us. Like I've been an actor for a hire my entire career, so I've been funny in spots. But you can only be as funny as they allow you to be. And so I love that. This is kind of like the next best thing. You know. Right? It's still my dad's baby but I get to contribute a lot and he's very collaborative so Yeah.


Damon Gotta go guys. Oh yeah. Well two more questions. When did you feel like you started to make your own name for yourself? Like when people started saying, oh that's, that's not Damon Wayne's son. That's actually Damon Wayans Jr. I feel like when I had the happy ending show and then I booked the Negro Show at the same time. Right. And so there was like a whole uproar about that And I thought that was pretty cool. 'cause Happy Endings was my first, the first show I ever auditioned for and then Negro was the second show I ever auditioned for. So I, I felt like, I was like, oh I got, there's something. You know I got something and and then after that I just felt like I can do my own thing. Are you gonna be part of the tour that they're doing?


They're doing a tour. Yeah. They Didn't know about the Comedy tour? No, I'm together. They don't gonna be telling me nothing. I'm I'm second generation. They Nah, they barely told us. We just thought you knew we was gonna drop It here. I saw that clip I think. Yeah, I saw that clip. You're so well composed Tour. No, no, no. What I was gonna say is I think it's something else. I don't think it's a tour. I think it's something Think is lemon color You Know Reboot. I can't say but what I think it is. But if it is what I think it is, it's gonna be fire. We Know that. But like we like it Just has to be, we have to turn to immortalize the wings. I think like the winds need a 30 for 30 or something like You know what I'm saying?


Like, Oh that would be dope. Like, but do they do that for I Don't, I've never seen do. It could First. Yeah. I mean that would be dope. But no, I it's gonna be, it's a what? It's duh It's either like, it's like something on TV or film I think. I think. What's it called? I don't know. I can't say. You might Have said Too much As soon as it dropped he gonna be the host and we gonna be like he was in here like he didn't know nothing But I, but I gave more than he did. You did. But this is your time to shine. Just matter what they did to you last time you was, he wasn't even here and they put your picture on things. You strong man. You should just blow it up right now. No, I can't say because I don't, I don't know if it's true. 'cause if I say something and it's wrong True, then I'm gonna look like an idiot.


I get it. So they be, they they, they don't even tell me that much. I hear like whispers. My family's just gossiping ass family man. Well salute to you for continuing to carry the torch to Right Whale. Thank you man. And salute to y'all man. 'cause like I came here, I forgot how many, how many years ago? At least Over a decade I think. Yeah. Yeah. And then to see what you guys became is just fucking phenomenal man. Appreciate you Brother Papa's House Mondays eight 30 on CBS. Make sure you check it out. You can stream it on Paramount Plus as well. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Thank you man. Appreciate Damon Wayans. Jr. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


As Cybersecurity Awareness Month wraps up. Remember that threats don't stop. Outdated software can leave you vulnerable to cyber attacks making it easy for criminals to exploit security flaws. Norton 360 has you covered with multiple layers of protection designed to keep you safe online. The software Updater feature ensures your programs are always current. With Norton 360, you get robust year-round protection against today's sophisticated threats. Don't wait. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


What's up? It's me, Don, Toliver. If I could describe the olds ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It is like earing candy. Check out bows.com for more.


Step into The World of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm going To make him an awful he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now You want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service for Me. Play the Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome To the family. No purchase necessary. Vdw Group. Avoid where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.