
Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here?


How goes lower from Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hi, I'm Sam Mullins, And I've got a new podcast coming out called Go Boy. The gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest places imaginable. Roger Caron was 16 when first convicted has Spent 24 of those years in jail. But when Roger Caron picked up a pen and paper, he went from an excon to a literary darling from Campsite Media and iHeart podcasts. Listen to Go boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount West. Wha come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This season of revisionist history, we're investigating everything from the secret behind the perfect nooks and crannies in Thomas's English muffins to the merits of Paw Patrol against its critics. There's some things that really piss me off when it comes to Paw Patrol. It's pretty simple. It sucks. My son watches Paw Patrol. I hate it. Everyone hates it except for me. Listen to revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the Building. The legendary Ja Rule, Ladies and Gentlemen. Yeah. What up? What up? Family. Family. What's happening? Welcome Back. How you feeling first and foremost, brother? I'm good, man. I'm good. I'm good. You know, you know in been in and out, but you know, for the most part I'm good. I'm good. What's aging better, man? You, your music or that Whiskey that you got now? That Whiskey We Here to promote, man, We were talking about it the other day. We were saying, you know, from, from the artists, from from our era and even a couple of years before that, your music still connects to People.


It's aging well, it ages well, I don't care where you at Young. You hear it in restaurants, you hit on elevators, medium, you know, I'm saying clubs, festivals. It, it aged well. Was that the intention when, when you made those records or Not? Definitely just happened. Definitely not. You know, just in there being creative and, and, and, you know, trying to do something a little different. You know, everybody was kind of tackling this or that. You know, we was in the era, you know, Diddy was there doing what Bad Boy was doing, and then, you know, you had Rockefeller and you had Rough Riders. So it was like a, it was, it was a space that needed to be filled. And I think that was the space I filled. You know, Jay M had the ultimate floss and fly and flashy shit going on, and Xing them was the streets and, you know, Diddy, you know, and, and, and Bad Boy was Bad boy, and, and what they were doing with they movement.


And so, you know, I I kind of just filled the void of, of those female records that was kind of missing in the industry at the Moment. I wanna, if you don't mind, I want, I wanna go back a little bit. I've known you for a long time, known of you for a long time, but I don't think a lot of people know the, the true story of, of Ja Rule and how you got signed and your deal and everything. Yeah. With the recent passing of Irv, I just wanted you to talk about that a little bit. Yeah. We need to crack some Whiskey for that. I already asked The cups was on the way. I already asked for the Cup Atory story. You know what, Emini here. So talk about the first time you met Irv and, and how that was and why you didn't sign a TVT at the time.


Well, I did actually sign a t so I, I, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll tell the story a little bit. So my man Chris Black, big shout to my brother Black, you know, we, we was, we was hustling on Two Fifth and Hollis, you know, doing what young hungry black men do in the hood, selling drugs, selling some drugs, you know, and he used to go to the studio with, with with Irv and Mike Geronimo. He used to come back to the block with mix tapes. Like it was a mix tape at the time. It was just like little tape that they was making basically, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, I'm like, yo, what's up? Like, I want to go rhyme with, with Irv. And, and, and, and Mike Ger at the time, he was DJ Irv. So like, yeah, I wanna go, go, go rap with them too, you know?


'cause we had like a little group kind of thing we was kind of doing, but not really. I was kind of like, more or less the rapper out of the crew. Me, me and my, my other homeboy. And so when I, when I said that to Black, he was like, yo, I'll bring you up there. So he brought me up there and that's when I met Irv. And Irv was like, yeah, yeah. He think he, he think he nice. He's like, all right, go ahead. Put, get in the booth. Let me see what you, see what you do. And for me, that was a, okay, this is my make it or break it moment. Like this is my moment, moment. Like, this dude right here is is is the, the, the guy that's helping motherfuckers get record deals in the neighborhood.


So I didn't leave the booth, I wouldn't leave the boo. I just rhyme after rhyme after rhyme and kept going. And I, I, at the time, you know, I had a Arsenal rhymes. So Irv, it was like, yeah, this, this, this nigga. Got it. So that's how our relationship started. And he brought you to TVT was the label at the time, right? Brought Us to TVT, you know, I was young, I was like 17, 18. I really didn't, I really didn't care how it was gonna play out at the moment. I was just like, let's get this record deal. Let's do what we doing and you know, you know, try to, try to make this movement reality. Right. You know, before that it was just like, you know, shit was doing in school, beating on the tables and lunch rooms, you know, I be the hood with the homies, you know, rapping wasn't really like a a a real, it wasn't a dream yet is is is what I'm, is what I'm saying, you know, until that moment, you know what Emini here, then it really became real to me.


Like, yo, we could get a record deal. We could, you know, we could put out some records, maybe we could go gold. And that was the, that was the goal at back then is to go gold. So, yeah, so we signed Thet VT He had Mike Ronald there first, and then we signed with him. Interesting story about TVT I'll tell you a real interesting story about T vt because TVT could have been the biggest label or one of the biggest labels because Irv brought Steve Gottlieb Jay, he brought him X Dre brought him to Chronic what? I swear to God, that's crazy. He had all these projects and he didn't, he didn't, I, he didn't know, I guess he didn't know how to capitalize on what was happening with the movement of hip hop at the moment and how it was shifting and changing or whatever.


And he just kept saying no to everything that came his way. Wow. Word. And, and how did, so how did it go from there? Because, you know, when Mike Omo came out, shit's real was was the record. Yeah. It wasn't a huge successful record, but it was, it was, It was big. It was enough. Yeah, it was Enough, especially for Queens for sure. What Made y'all say, this is not the place and we need to leave, and did you think it was All the way real? That just that you didn't sign Thanks. You didn't sign Jay didn't Decidere. We just might not be the spot. He may not know what he's doing over here. You know what I'm saying? Nah, but big shout to Steve got leave. You know, he was, you know, it, it is crazy when you making a lot of money doing something, it's kind of hard. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Right.


Type, type, you know, deal. So he was making a lot of money with TV Tunes, which was like doing like little, you know, like, like what do, what do you call 'em? Like jingles, like Jing Box, like shit, you know, from, from, from what he was doing on the show. Like, he was making a lot of those with, for like different, you know, shows and, and, and commercials and stuff. So he was making a lot of money doing that shit. So when the hip hop shit came his way, he really didn't know how to just jump on it and move. And, and he was, you know, carrying his feet. And he, he probably coulda had it all if he, if he'd have moved on it. So you got the Def Jam so Guy, so that, you know, it, it all just happened so crazy, so fast, you know, like we realized TVT wasn't the situation.


And I was on hiatus for a long time after that, for like three years because my man Black was part of the group. He went to jail. So he did five years in, in prison. And So they Black Child or just another man? No, no, my man, Chris Black. Okay. Chris Black. So that kind of, you know, threw everything off with the group. And so we was, I was basically in hiatus for three years. I didn't, you know, know where I was gonna end up. And it was, it was just in limbo. Thank You. And so thank, thank you, Lord. That good? That that that good. No, cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers so much. Love y'all, man. Cheers. Appreciate y'all.


Smells good. It's amazing. Yeah. It's, it's so good. It's, you know, take, check it out. And you are a Whiskey drinker. I'm not a Whiskey drinker. I thought you tried to. I did. When, when I saw f get in the uncle Near, I tried it and Beyonce, of course. That is very, very smooth. Very smooth, isn't it? This the best, this, this Whiskey I've ever had. I'm, I'm not dis I'm not even gonna say any, anybody else's Whiskey. All I'm gonna say is I've never drank Whiskey and not made that face. I like, gimme something. You gotta chase it. Very smooth. This is very smooth. Very smooth. We'll Get into that in a minute, you, because we, we wanted to really create this for the Whiskey Cube. Wow. You know that, for that, that reaction of a first time, you know, not a first time, but a, a person who's maybe not a Whiskey drinker Perce you, you wanted, you wanted to, you know, You said Irv brings you to Def Jam.


And at time there's so many artists at Def Jam. Did you feel like that wasn't your fit? It was jungle of Def Jam. Did you Feel like it was gonna be a fight? Did you feel like they were going to use you the proper way? 'cause at first I felt like they didn't, I, You know what, when I got to Def Jam, I, it was a dream come true. Def Jam was like Motown for, for any rapper. If you, you know, especially if you was from Queens, you know, Russell Simmons, you know, he from Hol Ron. Yeah. But they were, you know, run DMC wasn't on Def Jam, but managed by, you always felt like they were, you know what, Emini here. Correct. Because, because of the affiliation. But you know, ll you know, you go list on, but if you wasn't on Def Jam, you was managed by Rush Management. So it was like being on Def Jam was everything.


Right. And so having that deal and having the, the, you know, see what, what people don't understand is I had, you know, Leo's back, Lyor had my back from day one from, you know, from from when, when it all started. He, he wanted to sign me first, but I couldn't get outta my deal with TBT. Gotcha. So in the meantime, Gotti was like, I got somebody else that you'll like, and he brought him X And so, you know, they didn't understand X at first, you know, so that was that tug of war going on. But then they finally, you know, made the, the, the move.


Irv convinced him to make the move and X became what he became. And then I, you know, rest in peace to X as well. And then I came after, right after that. But I always had, you know, I always knew that Lyor wanted me as an artist on, on Def Jam. And so that was, that was great. And I knew he was one of Irv too, because that's how he, he kind of sought out the finding me in that way. Jam Master Jay, rest in peace, his soul, you know, legendarily, you know, there's this meeting going on in Def Jam. And me and Irv used to, we used to do this shit. We used to go Jack the Box. So every time we see Methin Reds video, come Emini here, meth Mary's your all, I need video. Come on. We'd order our video right after it, you know, hope we get the trickle down effect.


So, you know, Def Jam, they having this big meeting up there and, and the legend of the story is they're, you know, gloating over there, meth and Mary, beautiful, you know, amazing work. And then this little grainy black and white video comes on and it's, you know, me, that 17, 18 just rhyming with the, the big voice. And, and Jay Jam, master Jay stood up in the meeting. He said, that little nigga right there is gonna be a star. Wow. And, and Leo said, well, find them from me. And that, and that's how that kind of just started, you know, and, and, you know, the rest kind of just is, is, you know, spiraled into what it was.


How did that feel when, when you first came DMX came before you commercialized? Yeah. Wasn't it like y'all were like a year apart, right? Like he came and Well, Ja actually came first. Oh, okay. I thought it was 97 idea. I was, I was, no, I didn't come. First Ex is music and records and everything came first. Yeah. But you know, I, like I said, my situation with Def Jam was already in the making. Yeah. It was already in the making in the next Game. And then everybody compared you to him, right? Yeah. And everything that you did was, he's trying to be like DMX. Yeah. How did that affect you during that time? You know, of course it's gonna affect, affect you, you know, And I'm young too, you know, I'm, you know, I gotta chip on my shoulder. I'm like, nah, I'm not trying to be like nobody. I'm me. You know, and, and you know, me and the dog, we, we, we definitely, you know, had our bouts over little stupid shit like that.


But so what I did, And I, And I took a extreme gamble, you know, my first album was very successful. I saw Benny Beci. Benny Chee. Yeah. You know, I sold, you know, close to 2 million records on my debut album. And then those things started happening. He's trying to be like g so he's trying to be like Pac and, you know, so I said, you know what? I got something for all these niggas. I'm gonna switch it all up. Went out to la, got me a big ass fucking mansion out in, out in Hollywood Hills. First time I ever had anything like this in my life.


And it was like the most ghetto fucking mansion you ever wanna see in your life. We had like, rent center furniture in the joint. It was crazy. You know what I'm saying? We, we had a room that we called the dorm and just 10 niggas slept in there, you know what I'm saying? So it was a wild, a wild time. But I wanted the music to reflect new times in my life. You know, things that I was doing now, things I was seeing now, experiencing now, you know. And so I went completely left, grew my hair out. So they can't say I look like X or Pac them, them niggas never had braids, you know what I'm saying? So I grew my hair out, got braids, you know, was wearing it wild, like Jimi Hendrix, you know, bandanas, just looking, just just being me, you know?


And, and, and, and the music started to reflect those moments. So it was all your idea to, to change the image in the music. Yeah. It was Emini here, you know, Gotti just kind of flowed with whatever I wanted to do. But he always, you know, was, would, would circle back to, you gotta keep it, you know what I'm saying? Don't go too far this way, bro. You know what I'm saying? You gotta have your street element. You gotta keep it, you know, you gotta keep your street. And so, you know, 'cause I, I, I'm a artist, a creator first at heart. So, you know, I wanted to do wild, crazy shit, you know what I'm saying? Like, nigga, You know, it was kind of like rewind It back a little bit. It was kind of like reverse Jodeci. And what Emini here by that is, remember they always tell the story about how they dressed Jodeci like hip hop, but they did the RB records.


Yeah. With you, you still had the screech in, in you, but you was still doing the RB records, but you was still rapping hard on the RB record. You know what's crazy? I li it, I listen to like records, like always on time, like the dirty versions and shit. And I'm like, funny story, it was just in, in, in, in Africa. I was over there building my new school. And so they're playing like the dirty versions of these records, the kids out there. And I'm like, God damn. My wife is like, yo, they tell him they got change it, the clean, the hooks hanging. They can't save what he's saying. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I used to, you know, I used to say what I wanted and do what I wanted on, on the verses, but then them hooks was so pretty that it kind of just cleaned it all up.


Did Did they give you pushback because of that? Because Gotti's so definitely Right. Definitely put back, definitely got put Gotti Will, will rap all the time. Like everything is street with Gotti. But then you went left a little bit and started catering to women and making those type of songs. Was there any pushback at all? Not, not from Gotti. 'cause Gotti, you know, Gotti's all about what's hot. Gotti was like the music hot, the shit sounding right. It's hot. It's the one time we, we know. I, I think, I think Gotti got a little bit nervous, was put it on me. Everybody knew it was a big record, right? But everybody was like, this is like different. Like, this is like, but I didn't feel it was, I felt like I was already stepping in that arena. I was already doing, you know, the records that had it had that feel.


And, and, and maybe I was taking a, a little step further or whatever, but I felt like I was already in that lane, so it didn't matter. But, you know, lo and behold, you know, we put it out and it became the record. It was, but you know, me and Gotti were very fearless in that we, we understood that this was a, this was gonna be a make or break situation. You know, a lot of artists go through what they call the sophomore jinx. And here I am taking the biggest gamble you could take with a sophomore album. It was like a new debut though, in a lot of ways. That's what it felt like. And that's how I felt. I felt like this is like new Ja rule. This is like something y'all ain't feel before. This is completely, it's me, but it's, it is, it's like me and with a, with a, with a different, you know, look to it, you know, feel to it.


And, and you know, they didn't, they didn't really like that Def Jam didn't love it. They didn't love the album. They didn't love, you know, where I was going visually with it. They didn't love it. Really. After Doing 2 million records, they might, they want you to, to do what's working. They broke, don't fix it. Yeah. And then you sold four Or Five. I know, but you can't call that, you know, beforehand. Right. And, and like, you, like you, like I said, you know, we was going through a time where a lot of artists was going through Sophomore Jinx. You put out that sophomore album and didn't do, you know, as, as good as the first album. So I was taking a, a big risk in doing it. They wanted me to go change the album. Gotti came and he's like, yo rule, this is what they say. And I told him, go fuck theyself. You know, but it's ultimately your decision.


You know what you want to do. And I'm like, I'm not changing shit. I'm like, I'm, this is, you know, we just, we just gonna have to, you know, fight, fight for what we believe in. And we did. And, and, and it was, it turned out to be a great decision on that, on that side. I was gonna ask you in those moments, like what were the conversations with you and Irv Gotti? 'cause his, he, I'd never met him before, but his energy seemed so short all the time. But that's a lot of pressure when you, you know what Emini here, like y'all are in it. Like, this is the big moment and yeah, he gotta say, go fuck yourself. But at the same time, it's like, hmm. Well, you know, Gotti had a different way of speaking and handling, you know, things I've heard, you know, I'm more, a little more diplomatic. Yeah. You know, but, but, but it's cool. You know, sometimes in life you need both sides.


You need Malcolm and you need Martin. You know what I'm saying? So you need somebody to be like, all right, we going to, we gonna talk to Martin right now. We don't wanna talk to Malcolm at the moment. You know, so it, it, it works. You know. You Think a lot of IRVs, I call it passion, but I think a lot of the rah rah came from the frustration of being a visionary and knowing you are right and knowing that these motherfuckers do not see the vision, but you can see it so clear. Yeah, I can see what Ja is so clear. I can see what X is so clear. Yeah. I can see what Hobe is so clear. How don't y'all see it? Yeah, that would be frustrating too. Especially when it's very frustrating when you see how everything played out. Very, very frustrating. But that, that's the struggle, you know, that that's the, the push and pull between creatives and, and, and, you know, the, the, the suits.


The suits, it's always gonna be the fight, you know? But now that I'm on both sides of it, I get it. I fight myself 'cause I want to just be creative, but then I'm like, it cost too fucking much to just be creative sometimes. You think, did Irv, before he passed, did I know you guys had a lot of conversations? Do you, does he think he got the credit he deserved? 'cause when he passed, you heard every last little Thing that he stuck Yeah. Every record that he did, Every record that he's produced, all the behind the scenes stuff from the, the making the belly to everything. It's so crazy. It, as much as, you know, Irv was, you know, loud and outspoken.


He wasn't about those things. Like he, he, he would know, you know, he And I produced this And I produced it. You know, he, he, he did a lot outside records outside of Murder Inc. That he never really, you know, gotten interviews and spoke about or anything. You know, he just kind of just talked about what he did with me X and, and, and Jay, you know, 'cause 'cause you know, we were his favorites. But, you know, he, he did do a lot, you know, with a lot of artists and, and, you know, big records and, and records that, you know, should be definitely, you know, contributed to his legacy. You know, I'm sitting here with you and I'm thinking to myself, how do you even talk to Ja about Irv because you and Irv clearly loved each other. Yeah. Out loud. And people will ask questions like, how did his passing make you feel?


It's like, I don't even know if those are appropriate. Yeah. Questions. Yeah. Like I said, I go in and out like, you know, I be, I'm very understanding of what life and death is. You know, we we're all born to die at some point. That, that, that's gonna happen. You know, you know, one of IRVs things he always used to say is, you know, that, that is our destiny. But in the middle of that, we live, you know, JR rest in peace to JR as well. You know, j Lauren, he always to say, live the dash, you know, 'cause that's what they put on your tombstone 19 whatever, or whatever to, you know, whatever.


So he always to say live the dash. That's just what it is. You know? So I I, I know that my brother lived, he lived the dash, you know what I'm saying? He lived his life. And so I can be happy in knowing that, but I'm still hurt, you know, by the way, at all, you know, just kind of happened so fast. Do you Regret it at all? Yeah. You regret not talking to your brother and being hard on your brother? Like I, I was listening to Chris, his IRVs brother Yeah. During the conversation. And he was like, it was the lifestyle. And I tried to talk to him, but he was like, just Irv did listen. Do you wish he would've been more like, yo bro, you gotta do this. You gotta go to the doctor, bro. You Gotta do this. I understand about Irv. Yeah. You can't, you're not telling Irv that you, y'all know Irv, when Irv got his money, he wants something.


He's going to be owe got the record da, he ain't gonna stop. Mm. And he's the same way with how he wanted to live his life. You like, well, I think last time we was here, he, you know, oh no, no, I'm sorry. It was, it was maybe Drink champ. Drink champ. And he, and he talking about, he was like, you know, he was like, are you taking care? He, he is like, not all the time, you know what I'm saying? But that's where I used to, you know, one of my last, my last text to him was, yo, how you, how you doing? You taking care of yourself. How's your health? You know what Emini here, how you feeling? You know what, Emini here, we ain't spoken, you know, a couple weeks, whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm good. So, you know, you know that that's, that's her, you know, and, and I'm happy to know that, that he lived his life the way he did.


Frank Sinatra, I did it my way. So I'm, I'm happy in knowing that, you know, but I am a little disappointed because I feel he could still be here. What does that mean when you say it happened so fast? Like, Like, I, you know, so of course I'm behind the scenes internally, I'm dealing with this in, in private, you know, it's, it's not a, a public knowledge. And so, you know, I, I felt he was getting better and then it, it, it, it, it, it was one, you know, you know, something happened. I think he had like a Emini stroke and he went back to see the doctor and then it just kind of, his health just started kind of deteriorated from there.


And it just kind of happened fast. I was, you know, and I'm like, god damn. But again, it puts things in perspective. It puts life in perspective. Absolutely. It puts health in perspective. It puts money in perspective. Like, you know, we all out here chasing the, you know, the money to this, to that. But you know, it ain't it ain't it ain't it? And I know it sounds like cliche shit or whatever, but it, money ain't nothing. If your health ain't good, you can't enjoy. It's right. You know what, what, what's the money, you know, gonna, you know, your family can enjoy, you know, that's, that's fine. You, you, you die. You know, I guess, you know, you, you, you, you get along knowing that, you know what I'm saying?


But you, you can't, you can't enjoy it. You know, if you're not, if you're not in good hell. So If you don't mind me asking, if it's too personal, you can say you don't wanna answer it. Have you had those moments now after everything where like you wake up and, you know, maybe it's like a dream happens and you're like, okay, like I, I hear you. Or like, I feel you. Or like, you know, something like that where it's like a comforting feeling. Nah, you know, I'm not gonna sit here and saying I be having like, out of body experiences and shit. You know, I, I just, like I said, I'm, I'm seen a lot of death in my life and so I've always dealt with it very well. This is the first one that I, that somebody has died That's very, that's this close to me.


You know, that we've built so much. We've done so much together. And so that's a little different. But yeah, it's, it's, it's, yeah, it's tough. But yeah, I can't say that I've, you know, experienced those type of joys I would call Them that I would've love to see the gang back together. Just, And I, maybe they were just, you know, the, the whole Murder Inc. Family back and 'cause you, you guys grind it from the bottom. Like you made believers outta people that weren't, you know, what Emini here, whether it was yourself r and b Emini here. Irv did Ashanti and Lloyd. Yeah. You know what Emini here, And I would just wish the gang would've got, was, was there any chance of that?


I think that ship sail, I think that ship sailed, but not, you know what's so crazy? Me and Gotti used to always talk about this. And I, you know, it's the old, it's the old Motown story of Smokey Robinson and Barry go, you know, Barry Gordy wasn't going to come to the 25 year anniversary. 'cause he felt like, you know, Mike and Diana and all these traders, they left them. And you know, when, when the things was, I guess he felt the highest and you know, they just went with the money and, you know, left the situation or whatever. And, you know, smokey sat him down. He said, not about who leaves, it's about who comes back.


And I, I felt that, and I'd always say that to, to Irv, I said, things happen. People grow, people grow apart. I said, it's, it's not about who leaves. I said, at the end of the day it's about who comes back. I said, because that shows the respect and the love was always there. And, and, And I think that's important. You know what Emini here, I think the problem is though, people wait to come back at the funeral. Yeah. So you Say the ship is sailed. Yeah. Then we've seen, you know, Ashanti speak on it and you know, seen her post about it so clearly there was still love there. It's, It's always been there. You know, it's always been there. You know, I've tried to clean it up many times, but I got to a point where I was you tired of being Yeah.


You know, so I'm like, just let it be. It is what it is. As long as everybody's called you, I'm Fine with it. I think publicly we knew that you were kind of like in the middle trying to figure everything out. Yeah. And then when everything happened and like, she posted and, you know, she talked to Angie Martinez about, you know, how she was feeling. I know that you guys probably had conversations after and like, you know what, 'cause now it's different 'cause he's not here anymore. What was that like for you? 'cause you kind of still in the middle, but he's not here anymore and like, you know, what is Emini here? We, You know, it's crazy 'cause we had conversations prior, right. You know, about, you know, them patching things up. And I've had conversations with, with, with Gotti about them patching it up. And I, it it's always been on the table, but just never happened. So, because she said she threw the a olive branch prior too.


Yeah. She, she has, she has. And, and you know, there's been moments when Irv has just been stuck in his ways and just, He's a cancer like me. Yeah. So, so it's been hard to, to patch that up. But I know, you know, that, that he did love her. You know, that I did know that. I do know. And so I, I, that's why I always tried to patch it up. 'cause I, I, I know both sides of the story. Yeah. I know both of them. And I know, you know, that they, that they shared something and, and, and you know, that that's whatever. But it, it, it is, it's, it's just one of those things. But I feel that now that, you know, in passing, I feel like everybody will come back and we can do some things together as a, as a unit, you know, as a group, whatever for me, ch you know, and the rest of the crew, you know, they, they, they've always been on board.


So How would Irv felt seeing ho at the funeral? You know, I sp I spoke about that at the funeral And I, I spoke to that And I told Hov, I said he would be happy to see, you know what Emini here. I know that for a fact. So I let him know that for me to him. That's dope. Alright, well now let's move on. Yeah. Let's talk about the school in Ghana. Man, I was gonna Talk about his daughter getting married. Which way you want to go? Yeah. Whiskey. It's a lot. This shit Is scary. It's so, I told you, I'm be honest with you. This Whiskey scary man. Now I'm gonna tell you why it's scary. 'cause it's really, really good. And it's very smooth and you feel a little soft. And the first sip Is warm.


We have got a a, a a, what do you call it? A banging, a endorsement. You Very, Very, thank you. Very, thank You. Now your, your daughter's getting married. Yes. Now did, did the, the young man come to you and ask you, and how was that conversation? Yo, He did, he's a girl. He is a really great dude, man. My dude Tevin man, he is a good guy. He's Jamaican, you know, you know, so they have that, they have good respect. You know, they, he Laugh when you say he's Jamaican. He's, He's a good dude. He's Jamaican. Why you say that? I said that I was Getting to the point. Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. Because they have a culture, you know, and, and they have a way, you know, and that, that us African Americans don't, you know what I'm saying?


So it's, you know, it was very respectful and you know, he did it the, the traditional way. It was cool. You know what, Emini here, and of course I'm, yeah. You know, Mario, please take her now. Do you Pay for the wedding? Of course. Okay. Of course. The, I said that's the part of the tradition that needs to change. That definitely needs to change. Word. I got four girls, Charlotte got four girls. Yes. Word. Because your son is graduating from college at the same, that same month, right? Yep. He is my, my youngest son Jordan, he's graduating from Skat and he gonna need a nice gift and then you gotta pay for the wedding. Yep. So they tap in my pockets for the Yeah, That's the beauty of life though, right? That, that's right. Like when you think about Ja, 20 years ago, did you realize like, I'm gonna be a father, I'm, you know, like, like this is the difference.


Well, yeah. I was a father 20 years ago, so Yeah. But Emini here, like did you see this like, Grandfather and kids would graduate? Yeah. You know, when I was locked up, right? This old head og, he used to always say, only thing worse than getting old is not, Not getting old word up. He used to say that to me all the time. And now that I'm getting old, I, I finally appreciate that statement. You know what Emini here, because I used to was a dumb young knucklehead. I used to think I wasn't gonna live to be 25 and all this other goofy shit. But, you know, lo and behold, here I am, you know, 49 looking at my kids, you know, you know, graduating from college and you know, and, and, and getting married and shit.


So it's, it's, it's a blessing When you see how many people who have not, you know, survived in hip. Yeah. Does it give you more of an appreciation of life? Of course. You know, I, it's a, it's a dirty game, man. It, it, it feels like only hip hop goes through that, you know, seeing so many young brothers die at such a young age, it's, it's kind of crazy, you know, knowing that that's how I thought when I was young in hiphop, you know? So it's kind of kind of weird to just kind of seeing it all unfold. And, and, and, and that's how these young brothers, you know, also think, and it's like, you know, we gotta break that, that, that, that cycle too. So how do you tell folks it gets greater later? Or do you just show 'em?


I think they starting to see it. Okay. You know, Emini here, you know, they have great examples out there. You know, you see Hove and b and married with kids doing, doing well in life. You know, there's other great examples like ll and his wife math and his wife and me and my wife. And, you know, you can mention a lot. So I saw you see the growth in hip hop. You know, you starting to see a lot of, of, of artists that you, you may not even know was married for a very, very long time. You know, cube and his wife, you know. So there's a lot of us out there that just kind of really embody what love and hip hop is about. I feel like after Covid too, I feel like the hip hop World and me and his wife.


Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? I feel like The World had a different respect for nineties and 2000 music. Did you feel that as well? Like there was a shift where it went, I seen a bump in my, in my royalty segment. But why do you think that is? 'cause Emini here, I seen a time where tours were scattered, but now I see like a much more love and respect for that era of artists. You know, it's hard to put your finger on it because I, I feel like every era had great artists. I just feel like our era was the biggest in sales. And so, you know, that, that takes on a different animal. When, when, when, you know, when people get to, you know, buy your CD and put your post on their wall and you know, it's a different connection.


And I think we kind of just, our era, you know, we, you know, we, we, we, we benefited the, the, the, the most from that in hip hop. I, I feel, you know, I, these, you know, new artists Yeah. They, they got the streaming and era and they're, you know, making a lot of money and, and they can be independent and go do shows and all that other stuff. But I think the longevity aspect of it and how people kind of fell in love with us as artists, I think that aspect of it is kind of like, it's kind of come and gone, you know? But, but, but if you catch 'em, then you got 'em, you know? 'cause now you have them as followers on your, on your gram and that people just don't really unfollow you when they follow you. They kind of likes to there, you know what I'm saying?


You know, so that, that that's, they have a plus there, I Guess. And we need age appropriate tours. Like, you know, 45 plus. You want to go somewhere and still vibe to what you came up on in a safe environment. That's true. Like, who says that? We don't still wanna go out to concerts and stuff. We party at tour this summer. Come to see us, man. We, we, we putting it down the right way this summer. But I've seen you, I've seen you in concert and it's a lot of young people there, like a lot. Like yeah. It's not, you would go there and be like, what is happening? But that's the old school. Yeah. And it feels crazy For us. Yeah. That's crazy Because I'm thinking about that and I'm like, if I saw you at a Ja Rule concert, be like, why is Charlamagne here at a Ja Rule concept? Because we, for us, it's like we go 'cause it's nostalgic and it's fun and it's like whatever.


But it's disrespectful. It's your era. It's Like when you wearing Jordan and one of the young be like, what you doing wearing Jordan? It's all era. Our Era. I get it, I get it. But it feel like, it's like y'all are ours now. Like back up, old head Knocking up. And that's my Daughter's 23 so young feels The same way when she so young. Now when she that music, she feels like that's her music. Like she loves that music, but she doesn't look at age. She's just like, that's my song. It head on the radio. It's, it feels good. Like that's how it feels. You put on y'all songs and it's like a good summertime day. Like, you know it, you feel it, it's different. But for sure when I went, I forget. I think I was in LA when I seen you. It was very, it was people younger than me. I was like, oh Wow. Yeah. I I, I got a, a good, you know, generational push because you know, that's what they mothers were listening to and stuff like that.


I asked them sometimes, you know, they'd be 25, 20. I'm like, what you know about Ja, you know, saying I'll ask 'em. And they be like, my mama used to, oh, my big sister. I'll say, okay, I got you. I do you one better. My daughter done ran into so many times. Ja


Hey Kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a beard listless version of man. That's the name of our podcast. Beardless with me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? Lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series.


Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. And Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew of, obviously. Hmm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra, Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a podcast Dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions From the building of the core that included Clay Thompson and Draymond Green to one of the boldest coaching decisions in the history of the sport. I just felt like the biggest thing was to earn the trust of the players and let the players know that we were here to try to help them take the next step. Not tear anything down. Today the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that like Mount Rushmore. For guys that have changed it, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. This is Dub Dynasty. The Dubs Dynasty is still very much alive. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In 1978, Roger Koran's first book was published and he was unlike any first time author Canada had ever seen. Roger Caron was 16 when first convicted has Spent 24 of those years in jail, 12 years in solitary. He went from an excon to a literary darling almost overnight. He was instantly a celebrity. He was an adrenaline junkie and he was the star of the show.


Go Boy is the gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest place is imaginable. I had a knife go in my stomach, puncture my screen, break my rib. I had my guts all in my hands Only to find himself back where he started. Rod you're saying is I've never hurt anybody but myself. And I said, oh, you're so wrong. You're so wrong on that one. Rod From Camp Side Media and iHeart podcasts, listen to Go boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I had no idea that Ja sang those songs. I was about to say Baby Knowing Like the song come on. And she'd, she'd be singing, I'd be like, I'd be like, you know who that is, right? She's like, no. I'm like, you know, forget it. She had no idea. I Seen your daughter over day. She Just say hello to you and she, you know, whatever. She seen you at the ball and she had no idea. You say no social. She was like, really? I'm like, yeah, but she's 23 years old. She had No clue. But I think now with like the bridging of the gap with like social media Yeah. It's like you kind of, 'cause a lot of times too, like I know my niece, she will play certain songs And I be like, how did you even know that song? It's TikTok. And she'll literally say, oh, it's TikTok and she might not know who you are, but she can sing the song word for word. Yeah. Ja Rule created the whole genre of music. I feel the same way. I don't know some of the new kids, but I could sing the songs.


I know the songs. So Do you Ja Rule was Drake before Drake, who You yelling at o? The, I'm Sorry, Take that Whiskey away from Because I'm getting hot, but don't be yelling at me. My bad. My bad. No, the old singing rapping hybrid. Yeah, absolutely. That was, that was Ja literally. I definitely owned that space for a minute. You know, I'm not the first artist to toing and rap obviously, but you know, I I I like to think that I was the, or like to say or own the fact that I was the first artist to really create duets, hip hop duets.


Like, you know, you, you don't know if I'm real is my record or JLo's record. You don't know if Mesmerized is my record or Ashanti's record because the way I wrote 'em, it, it's, I'm so infused in the record. I'm on the hook with 'em. I'm, she got a verse, I got a verse. You know, it, it, it, it sounds like, you know what, what Tammy and, and, and and Marvin would do back in the day Yeah. As, as an RB record, you know? So that, that dynamic really didn't exist in hip hop until I started doing it because I had the, the, the, the liberty. The liberty of writing those records. And so at the time, I didn't know what I was doing. I just kind of wanted to be on the record and be on it as much as possible. I'm like, shit, I'm writing a record for Jennifer Lopez, I need to be on the record.


Like really on the record, you know? So I'm on the hook, I'm on the verse, but I'm in the first verse. I, you know, then she comes in And I got my own second verse, then she comes back on the door, you know, I wrote it that way. So it can be a back and forth kind of thing. And I think I started that. I saw you said you wish the internet was around during the time of like, you and fifties back and forth. Yeah. But listening to you tell that story, I'm like, don't you like, aren't you happy that it wasn't 'cause getting to enjoy that without social media, without feeling like you had to post it and tag it and talk about it? Like, No, because you know, you sometimes you gotta show certain elements of certain things and social media was good for that. Social media's good to show certain things. That's what I'll Just say.


Got you. Without getting too into it involved, What, what similarities did you see in the situation between Kendrick and Drake and you and 50? And I'm just talking about as far as how, you know, the public turned on consumers, Consumers turned on. Yeah. Emini here, you know, that's, and fans, man, you know, fans of Fickle, you know, I, I knew that, you know, that's what made me kind of transition how I look at, you know, how I make my money. You know, it was kind of like, okay, I can't put all my eggs in this basket. That kind of, kind of diversified in a lot of different ways because if these niggas flip on me for whatever reason, I ain't like the way I fucking wore my hat.


You know what I'm saying? The other day or whatever. And you know, it is that, you know, music is, is, is, is is, it's a crazy thing, you know, but I do, I do see certain things that are assim and just the way, you know, public perception, you know, how people can kind of, you know, turn their back on you because you are winning so much. I think, I think that's what, you know, people really did. I think that's the issue people really have with it. He's just fucking too hot. You know what I'm saying? The boy don't lose. And, and people wanted to see him get a little bit of dent in his arm. That, that, that's all. Did You ever wanna reach out to him? What Man, it's fine.


Like, you know, the crazy thing is, and the crazy thing people don't understand with my beef, I'm, I'm looking at the same thing with, with Drake's. I'm like, he's rich, he's chilling. Same thing with me. I'm like, I'm rich. You feel like that now though, but in the moment you probably was pissed off. Like, yo, I was even With the, I was, but, but, but the end of the day, see the crazy thing is things can look so much bigger and deeper in our small bubble, Right? But I'd go to places And I didn't feel that energy, you know, for a minute. I had the energy was there, don't get me wrong. Right? And, you know, we was fighting motherfuckers and you know, it was what it was. But after a time, it, it is not that. And the energy's gone and people was like, yo rule, I love his music.


I fuck with Ru I'm going to his shows I'm doing. So it wasn't, it, it it was never that, you know, where it was like, okay, I'm suffering in my financial state. So yes, I had to suck up some things that I was feeling from, from a fan's point of view, but at the end of the day, I could hang my hat on what I came to do. I accomplished, my family's good, I'm good. My money's right. Fuck it, I got some haters. If you don't have haters, then you ain't doing something right. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and you, and you move on with it. So I always looked at it like, you know, people, you know, the fans and the people around. It's like, oh, Drake's, oh, Drake will be fine.


I'm, I'm still here 25 years later doing what I do, getting six figures a show. It's like, it's like I don't, I don't want people to, to to ever think that, you know, a a rap beef. Is that, that important to the grand scheme of things? Like, you know, people are not, you know, Drake's investors and people that do business with not gonna do business with Emini here because he doing that, that's not happening. You know? So it's a, it's a lot of aspects to it that people don't understand Players. Did you ever, you ever stop to think to yourself, you know, all those years ago you put out the clap back record, right? Yeah. And when you put it out, everybody was like, what is Ja doing? But now, 25 years later, not only is the record dope, everybody uses the term clap back.


Literally. You probably be in the sha I trying say this is mine. Should, I might could still her. It's going. It's no Jasmine Crockett might, Crockett might is gone clap back. Sheesh. But yeah, you know, I, I laugh at stuff like that, you know, I even laugh at moments of certain records that came out that didn't really translate as well as they should have, I felt at the time. But I played them now at shows and people sing 'em worth worse. I'm like, like what? You record. So I was listening. Okay. You know what, I'm Just say I was paying attention to the, to, to these records while, you know, like, like, like wonderful Oh, wonderful fight.


Yeah. But it was, it was my first number one record in the uk. Wow. You understand what I'm saying? So yeah. It was, it was, it was dope, but it was popping over there, you know what I'm saying? It wasn't, you know, it wasn't kicking the way it should have. I felt over here, you know, but, you know, so certain things like that, I feel now, and then clap back is another one. You know, when I do it, it's like, oh, now everybody knows the words to clap back. Like, okay, I get it. I got it. It's cool. But, but, you know, you know, music is, is is subjective, man. People like artists, they don't like artists. You don't gotta like, Ja Rule, that's cool. You know what I'm saying? People that vibe with me, fuck with me, come fuck with me.


That's what it is. People who don't, it's cool. I don't know you anyway. You know what I'm saying? So it really doesn't bother me At all. It, it's all, it is also interesting to me that you are 50 have not outgrown each other. And what Emini here by that is if you're talking to 50, Ja gonna come up. If you're talking to Ja, 50 gonna come up. Yeah. Emini here. I don't, I don't bring him up per se at all. No, We do. Yeah. Yeah. The media does. Media does. Yeah. But, you know, but, because I think that's because he's, you know, a troll and he keeps it going. You know what I'm Saying? You've been throwing jabs and throwing him back. But you be, you be, you be Hit. I, you know, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll go to the circus once in a while. You know what Emini here, but I, I really like to stay clear of, of, of that shit.


Yeah. 'cause when the re stuff happen, I was like, oh Lord, I, You know, I, I like to have fun sometimes and poke jabs at 'em too. But that's all it really is. It's like, it's, and and to me it's like, it's silly, you know, we're both successful black men And I think the focus should be on, you know, continuing to make sure that we, we, we pay it forward, push forward, make sure the culture keeps going forward. I think that's more important. You know, I see some of the things that he gets involved in this, this fuse on. So like, like grow up my nigga, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, that's what I be thinking to myself, you know? And so when I see the things that he does and, you know, he did the, the, the, the Irv or nothing, you know, I'm like, How do you feel about that?


You saw, Of course nobody likes those goofy shit, but it's goofy shit. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, I'm not, I'm, you know, Preem said it best, you know, I spoke to preemie other day. He's, you know, Preem has always got the, the right words and shit and the right word, things to say. 'cause I was hot, you know what I'm saying? I was hot. I, I was, I was ready to go nuclear and shit. But I, you know, I say, you know, so I spoke to him anyway and pre said, yo, he said, he said, you know, rule, he said, here's what you gotta understand about who we are and what we are. He said, we are masters of self-defense. And I said, I love that. I said, 'cause I'm not, I'm, I'm, I don't want to start trouble, make trouble with people.


I'm, you know, but if we gotta get into it, make it, oh I'll, I'll fucking end it. I'll put it to where it go. I'll take it to the next, you know, so that's why I'm like, you know what that is the, the, the best description of what I am and who I am as a man that I could ever think about. You know what I'm saying? Because that's who we are as men here to protect our families, protect our homes, defend our honor, our names, our reputation. That's what we are here. I'm not here to be a bully and bother people. I'm not, that's not, that's not what I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm here to do, you know what I'm saying? But I am a master of self.


But in a way you do have to understand why fulfill the way he feels though. Right. When you think about everything that y'all been through, I, I really don't really, yeah. I don The fighting, the shooting, the stabbing. What're shooting. We ain't got nothing to do with that. Oh, Well, nevermind. I Just say it. I got to do with us. Mm. You know what I'm saying? I know the, the reality of it all. You know what I'm saying? And that shit ain't nothing do with us. But I guess it's good for, you know, people to play that when they wanna play that and then play victim when they wanna play victim. Mm. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, I, like I said, I leave it all alone. I, I, I live a really, really cool life.


I'm in a good space. And so I'm like, you know, if you, sometimes you just gotta remove yourself from the circus. And, and that's what I've chose to do. And, and so that's why I've been being real, real quiet and cool and just enjoying my, my time and shit. You know, it's funny 'cause you know, like, you know, I'll get dms and shit from, you know, other enemies. You know what they say? A friend of my A yeah friend. A friend of an enemy of my enemy friend. Enemy of my friend of My friend. Yeah. My friend. I got a lot. I got a lot of those. You know what I'm Saying? No enemy of my enemy of my friend. Yeah. The Enemy of my enemy. You be responding to That because you probably don't get that with that, right? Like no, no, no. But It be like, people y'all know very well.


Yeah. Emini here. The dms would be like, yeah, you see this fucking me. So y'all's, you know, it's so crazy because we say that all the time. When Ja Rule was going through his situation, Ja got jumped. That's why I don't really like to compare the Drake. This is true Kendrick thing. Yeah. You got jumped. So all of those relationships you never made amends with. I thought, yeah, me and Game is cool, you know, it was Busta For moment. Yeah. Eminem for a moment. Me, me and me and Exes cross street. Cool. You know, but the rest, yeah. Nah, they all, they all on that side of you. Okay. You know what I'm saying? So I don I don't pump with them niggas like that. Even all these years later, you just like, Nah, you know, I'm, it's, it's like, you know, Charlemagne, it's like, it's like anything else, like the Cold War man.


Like we, we can exist without having to co-exist. Right, right, right. That's Cool. Now I gotta ask, you know, what was your mind frame and what were your thoughts when they said that they were bringing the fire festival back? I'm glad, I'm glad you brought that up, Mr. Interview. What was the, I know you was like, I'm Glad you brought that up. Remember when we was, when I was here around that time and, and, and my good brother Envy was like, Ja, How, how Could you have a partner?


What's in this Whiskey? What's in this Whiskey? Yo, he s that's a clock. That's how you clock The clock. You did that. We gotta some mutual understanding because that was so waiting for that. I don, you shoulda, lemme ask that in. Wait, This nigga Boy. I said, Boy, yo, I the so many times I said It possible.


Right. You right. Oh, message. Oh, Niggas be doing fuck shit behind your back man. I swear to God. But You more cognizant of that now, who you tattoo brand to, I'm sure. Yeah, For sure. For sure. And you know what's crazy? And, and, and Andy you can probably attest to this, like yes, he can Attest The beauty of all, you know, you don't wanna go through nothing like, you know, you know, those types of situations. But the beauty of it is now when I vet a situation, people don't get mad at all. Like when I'm, when I'm like real anal about like, nah, nah, nah, I don't know, let me just check a little bit more.


See what this is about. Absolutely. They do not like, it's, it's no sweat. They like, I get it. Ja, I get it. I get it. You know what I'm saying? So that I guess is a plus for things where people are very, you know, forgiving when it comes to how hard I'm, I'm, I'm vetting the next situations that I'm giving. You have to, you have to, you really Have to. Well, with Amber and Opal, speaking of vetting. Yes. I was watching an interview where you talked about, and we had tried this before and we were talking about the tasting and stuff. And I honestly speak Mr. Liquor. Tell Mr. I'm Amber and Opal is the Whiskey that, that, that you own. I'm not even capping. This shit is really good. I already knew I was waiting for y'all to taste it. This is the first Whiskey I've ever tasted. I'm like, yo, this shit is actually really good Total.


We total, You could do It in car. I feel like this in the morning. You could do this in like a good coffee. Yeah. You Know, envious. It tastes like an old fashioned already. Yeah. All you is Ice cube. Yeah. What do you smell? Smell? What do you Smell? I'm do tore up online 'cause I pour the fucking shit over ice and called it neat. And motherfuckers mad at me. I'm, there's no ice. I I made a mistake. It's complete back. Both me, leave me alone. But You did a good job with this. What, what do you smell when you smell it? It's like sweet And smoky at the same time. See That smokey taste that you, that you, that you taste, that smoke finish, that is a, a, a Chinese tea, Chinese black tea that we use called Lap Song.


So chunk Wow. You see my, you see my black brother back there. I'm, I'm gotta give him all the props because he's the Whiskey enthusiast outta of the crew. And so this blend, he was sweating, you know what I'm saying? You see he bald too. So he is back there sweating, getting, putting this blend together the right way. And, and he, and he did the damn thing with it. And, and you know, I was the guy that was tasting it. That was you. That I'm not really a Whiskey drinker, but tasting it was like, I could drink this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was important to the, to the, you know, to the, to the tasting when I thought I wasn't, you know, I was sitting there like, man, I don't know what I'm tasting. I don't know if this, you know, whatever. And they're like, just taste the shit. Take, I'm drinking A, B, C, D. I'm like, they all kind of taste the same.


Just tell me which one you like. You know what I'm saying? Right. And, and, and so that, that, that's important. And we, we wanted to really nail that for the Whiskey. Curious, you know, what Emini here, people who are maybe first time Whiskey drinkers or not really, you know, Whiskey enthusiasts, why Whiskey for you? Well, it started as a business venture. I'm not gonna lie, you know, during Covid, you know, I'm with a really, really great investment group and we been doing a lot of crazy investments. So we got into like Web3 stuff and NFT stuff, you know, it was doing that stuff. It was like, it was fun investing during like gaming, investing damn near, during Covid. So one of the things that came across our desk was a Whiskey dao and a DAO is a decentralized, organized, autonomous, autonomous organization.


Decentralized, autonomous organization is what a DAO is. So, so it's basically like a group of people get together and we're all on the board and we all get to vote and make decisions on how to, you know, company rolls, blah, blah, blah. So, you know, we did this and what, what it was is we bought a whole fucking warehouse full of Whiskey out in Iowa and we were gonna wait till the Whiskey age, hit it seven year mark when it became like a premium bourbon and just flip it. So that was the plan. But as we got hit our seven year mark, some of the guys in our group started busting open the bottle, you know, the barrels and making personal bottles for, for home and shit. And so, you know, me and Herb decided, let's, let's, let's start something really, really dope.


And so we did that. So, but what happened was he, he found a distillery out in Baltimore. So this is where this batch is actually made because they told us, don't use those barrels because that premium bourbon now, and if we infuse it with the honey, it's gonna dilute the, the, the aging. And so we decided, well, we didn't actually decide. They, they recommended that we buy their 3-year-old, 2-year-old barrels and, and, and make and make our, you know, blend. And so that's what we did. And, and, and amazing partnership thus far. You know, the blend is amazing. As, as Charlemagne, you know, has, has, has said several times, How difficult is it to get into these stores?


You know, that's been, that What's the hardest part? It's been, it is been a little bit challenging. But you know, we, we, we were, we were able to get into a really dope diversity program before they stopped DEI With What distributors? So we're, we're with, we're with Park Streets and they distribute us through California and Florida, but you know, we're looking to do a major distribution. So we'll, we'll probably sign with RDC really soon. Okay. They have a national footprint, so we'll, we'll, we'll deal basically with them. But you know, we, we, we, we are doing great. We, we do our diversity program that we were able to get into and, you know, people don't like to talk about it, but I, I think it's important that you do talk about these, these programs because they do help us as, as, as a, as a, as a, as a, as a black culture, black people.


And, And I think, you know, we should look into it or whatever, but they're gone now so it doesn't matter. But while they were here, people weren't talking about it enough. And, and, and these are some of the great programs that were out there. And so we got into it and we were able to get into 102 doors at total Wines and in 10 cities, like, you know, right off the bat, that's a new company. So that was a plus. And then of course we have distribution online as well. We, we can, you can get us@sealbox.com and Reserve Bar as well. So Do you change the, do you try to change the landscape? And the reason I ask right, you coming out as an artist, right? Yeah. You remember the drink at the time was Hennessy.


Yeah. And it changed the vodka. Yeah. Then it changed the tequila. Yeah. Do you try to change the landscape of the clubs or you say, nah, we're not taking the club out? No, No, no. Yeah, we definitely in clubs, we in 11, we were in Dres. You know, we, we definitely wanna take Oh you places where people were would conno swords would understand that. That makes sense. Okay. Marketing wise. That makes sense. Absolutely. And, and you know, I, you know, I wanna do something really, really cool. You know, I'm looking into it how we could make it happen. But you know how they have bottle service and they bring in the bottle service. Yep. I wanna do a little something different. When you order a bottle of Amber and Opal, you'll get your own, you know, mixologist and they'll come with a, you know, a menu or drinks that you can actually make and they'll make for you right there at the moment.


That's fine. So yeah, you know, it is a little different twist on, on what we do in bottle service, but it's still bottle service instead. Big, silly car and those other shit, you know, somebody, you can actually sit there and learn about the make Your drink for A lot of times when celebrities do alcohol brands, it's like everything's already done in a brand comes to you like, Hey, put your face on and sit next to it. I know that, that this was the complete opposite for you. Yeah, no, yeah. It wasn't that. What have you learned business-wise that like, you thought you already knew, but being in spirits you were like, oh, okay. You know, it's crazy. I knew that, you know, this was gonna happen. What's happening to us right now? You know? 'cause it happened to us when we was in the clothing business when I had Irv and Jeffrey, me and Irv had that company, and the more doors we got into, the more clothes we had to actually make.


So we didn't have the white label deal. And so it was all coming up out out of our pocket. And so what you start to realize is the hotter you get, the more product you have to actually make now in the clothing industry is a little bit tougher because you're dealing with seasons. And so if you don't sell it in that season, you last year's thing or last season's thing, and now you're out into the bargain stores and you're losing, you know, profit on your, on, on your, on your, your retail sales. But what's what's good about, you know, alcohol is, it's alcohol. So they can sit on the shelves for a while, but you, you still want it to move. You don't want it to be sitting too long and they feel it's not moving, you know, so it's a little catch 22 and how you gotta kind of, you know, get people to sample the product, you know, with, with, with, with, before they go into a store and buy a $70 bottle of Amber and Nopa with 69.99 is our, is our, you know, retail price.


But, you know, how do you do that? Well, one of the ways we're trying to, you know, do that is going to the, the dope, you know, restaurants and, and the dope night spaces. And, and so people could say, all right, lemme get a cocktail of that. Or, or if there's a bottle at the table, they can taste it. Or if they're in a restaurant, they can get a cocktail, you know, that's a lot cheaper than $70 and they can taste it and say, I like that. I'll go buy that. You know? So it's one of those things you just gotta kind of keep, keep keep, keep, keep grinding it and saing it out. Why the name Amber and Oprah. My brother came up with the name, but I love, I love when he went with it. You know, my, my my thing about names And I, I told him, he was like, Hey, you rule this, you know, gotta come up with the name.


I said, I said, herb, lemme tell you something about name. A name is the name's, the name product has to be right. So he came up with a beautiful name and, and the product is right. And so this is Amber and Opal. The Ambers obviously is the hue of, you know, what we're looking at in, in, in the, the, the color of the, you know, but the opal is, it's a, it's a precious stone and it's the only precious stone that comes in multiple colors. Brown, white, you know, black, you know, tan. And so that, we wanted that to be encompassing of our message of inclusivity. You know, we are a black owned brand, but we're not a black brand.


We want everybody to enjoy Amber Noble. And so, you know, that, that, that's kind of where the name, you know, That's crazy. You said a name is just a name. 'cause it's not just a name. It's not, you can have a great name. Yeah. But you can also have a terrible name. But if your product is great, then, then Uber it becomes Twitter. You don't fuck. True. You know what I'm saying? Or you can have a name like Murder Inc. Right. But you gotta change. Right. But the name worked because the product was great too. Yes, Yes, yes, Yes, yes. And so we had to change it for, you know, other reasons, you know? Yeah. Because people still calling me, us down, but people are never gonna stop calling Med Inc. But, but I say that because I've come up with so many names of things And I, that's what I've learned along the way.


Like, you know, we can come up with an amazing name, but if the product is not dope, nobody will remember the name. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. Or you can have the worst name in The World if the product is amazing, your Uber, you, you know what I'm saying? You, you know, whatever these crazy names that people come up with, you know. Do You own part of Mur Inc. Yes. You do? Own. Okay. I got, this is my last question. I guess we gotta go to Ghana. Oh, Go. You go to school in Ghana. So talk about the school in Ghana that you, that you Built. Yeah, so I just got back from Ghana yesterday, last night I built a six classroom block in NSU Ghana. Amazing feeling, you know, probably the most important thing that I've done Wow.


In my career thus far. You know, I say that because this is something that's gonna live way beyond me. You know, all the thousands of kids that I get to go to this school and, and learn English, and learn math and, you know, science and, and history and all those great things. It's really, really, you know, special. And, and what people have to understand is, you know, we're not in Accra. You know what I'm saying? We're, you know, I, I land in Accra, in, in, in Ghana. That's the capital. We're not, we, we drive two and a half hours outside of Aqua two nsu, where it's like really, really, really small, you know, villages of people and, and, and they don't have much of anything.


They don't have, you know, really a lot of fresh water and you know, they don't have, you know, so we had to build the bathrooms there so they can, you know, have sanitary places. You know, they're still teaching the girls how to, you know, you know, be sanitary with themselves, wash themselves, things of that nature. And, and you know, with their menstrual cycles and stuff like that, you know, we, we was at a, a tribe out there just now where they still believe that the blood from the a woman's menstrual cycle is evil. Mm. And so the women have to go into a outhouse for seven days. What? And wow. While they're doing their menstrual and go back.


So, so it's, it is also a learning experience that, you know, we're offering out there too. And I did this through, you know, pencils of Promise, you know, Andy and Scooter bronze, you know, foundation. Really. They do really, really great work, man. So I've been working with them for the last few years and you know, I I, I, you know, broke ground on the school last year and this year, you know, we are here opening the school, cutting the ribbon and the kids are Wow. Amazing. Congratulations. Amazing. Have One more question One last time. No, it was just about, you know, when you spoke about changing the name, you know, for the feds and, you know, you talked about Irv passing earlier and how you felt like it, it, it happened so fast.


Does it ever make you feel like, damn, we survived so much that you didn't think it would end the way it ended? Yeah. You never really think about the engine, right? How it all plays out. I don't think anybody really has that scripted in, it's just, it's just, it's just one of those things that I'm, I'm, I'm blessed to, to to know that I'm here And I want to keep his legacy alive as long as I'm here.


It's just, it's just tough, man. This is a tough one for me. Real, real tough one for me. Yeah. Well, we appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. Out and about. Pick up the new Whiskey, Amber and Opal. Yeah, for sure. For sure. You Is it total wines, Totals wines? Yeah. We, we know, we we going into other spaces too. I never seen you drink this much. Really good Emini here. I love that man. It is Really good. No, but that was how we, when we first tried it the last time you were not up here for interview, but we just ran into you. I was like, this is Whiskey real smooth. It's no way. Yeah, Lauren, she's definitely, she definitely gave it the stamp of approval the first time. Yeah. Congratulations. She's a drunk, so she say put you a drunk. Not even alcoholic. No, she drunk. Oh no, I'm sorry.


She does a lot of taste testing. That's what she does. Wow. Well actually I used to work in the spirits industry, so you know, boom. Period, You go, that's how I knew to tell you to smell it. But that big nose over there, I'm about to come across as tables. Nasty. All right, ladies and gentlemen, it's Ja Rule. It's the b Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Take control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss, I said that building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts


An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person, sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hi, I'm Sam Mullins And I've got a new podcast coming out called Go Boy. The gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest places imaginable. Roger Caron was 16 when first convicted Has spent 24 of those years in jail. But when Roger Caron picked up a pen in paper, he went from an excon to a literary darling from Campsite Media and iHeart podcasts. Listen to Go Boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warrior's Dynasty remains a alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.