
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We got 8 0 3. Fresh Home Team. A Young guy here in the building. Yes sir. Yes sir. What's up? Welcome Fellas. What's going on everybody? How y'all feeling? Good morning, man. Where them fans at? Where they At? Where they bought them? They bought them Now if you don't know, 8 0 3, fresh. Of course they got the record right now. That's if you've been out and about, especially in the South, especially HBCU. Boots On The Ground. Boots On The Ground is their song. Boots On The Ground? Yes. Congratulations. Boy is that song Moving Man. Thank you brother. Appreciate That. When did the song actually come out? December the 24th. That was like my Christmas gift to everybody Now.


Charlamagne's Alive. Charmagne was like, that song been out for three years. I'm like, Charlamagne know it. I Was talking about just the whole line dance movement from South Carolina. Like, you Know what I'm saying? Well, it it is definitely been going on more than three Yeah. Years. It just started picking up more in like the past year and a half, something like that. Absolutely. Yeah. People don't really get to see the, the line dance, especially on, on the, the East Coast as much. But when I, when I DJ everywhere, you get to see it. And I remember I was in Charlotte and a girl came up to me, was like, can you play the Boots On The Ground? I had no idea what she's talking about. I thought it was a mob dip song. And I was like, is that a mob? Deep Boots On The Ground? I had no idea. And South the Louis v Louis V was like, yeah, I'm gonna send it to you right now. Sent it to me. And then when I played it, I seen the, it went up. They went crazy. The fans movement. I said, whoa.


You know what's crazy is is crazy. Is it sounds the current political climate kind of boosted the record too, because I remember people started posting saying, you know, we ain't tripping off what this administration is doing. Black people are finding joy, learning new line dances. And it would always be Boots On The Ground with the fans. Yep. It took everybody, like, everybody's mind away from like the, you know, the current, you know, stuff that's going on, man. And so for me it is like the unity in it. That's what makes it more appealing for me. You know, you got the, got the 2-year-old, you got the 82-year-old, you got the everybody Emini here. Grandmamas aunties. That's what, what makes it more genuine for me, man? The dope thing about it was a lot of the line dance songs a lot older. Yeah. Like you talking 20 years older.


Like when, when you go to a family reunion or a wedding or A-H-B-C-U, it's always the wobble, wobble cha slide, electric slide before I let go and play the Beyonce version. And this is something fresh and new. So let's start from the beginning for people that don't know your, who is 8 0 3 Fresh, where are you from and how did you get into this? This thing called the music industry? What's going on everybody? 8 0 3, fresh. The kid Live in the building. Man. Listen, I'm from a small town in South Carolina called Wagner, South Carolina. One stop sign, one stop Light. We all share the same dog. S that because you about the same thing. Mo Corner bigger than Wagner. Yeah, Yeah. Mos Corner. Bigger Waner man. But started off in the church man, humble beginners man. Started off in the church, man, singing in the choir, whatever, you know, like the park son.


I lift away from it, you know, I went out And I started venturing into like more genres. I tapped it in the pop, I tapped in the r and b, I rapped a little bit and then I, I found Southern Soul. Well, really Southern soul found me, man. Been doing it about a year and a half now, man. And it actually saved my life, man. So Explain to the people what Southern soul is. Southern Soul is a mixture of, it has a, like a fine undertone, mixture of gospel, blues, soul, all like mixed together. Together, man. And it's, it is solely based in the south, but when you hear it, it's like feel good music when you hear it, it is like that music that touch your bones. It ain't, you know, it's, it is a beautiful thing. You just gotta be in one of the, like, one of the events to actually feel it.


It changes the environment. Totally. Know what I'm saying? We advocate for good time, we advocate for Unity and that. And so that's why I, I chose to piggyback on that genre the most. Now m Yeah know, you said it saved your life. How, what were you into before? Oh, this, you know, with, with being in the rap culture, you say you had to, you know, adapt to that, you know, that rap environment. When I came to Southern Soul, I, you know, I was battling some stuff, you know what I'm saying? And it pulled me out of that because of the good feeling that it had, you know what I'm saying? Made for me. And then my mama was, she was able to be proud of it. You know, when I'm rapping, she don't wanna hear none of that, know what I'm saying? Stuff. She couldn't halfway understand some of the stuff. So when she first, when she heard my very first Southern Soul song that I dropped the call all night Long man. And I got that first confirmation from her.


I already knew then that this was the genre for me. You know what Emini here, Do you remember the first record that that made you say? Oh, like the one that touched your soul? What? So Soul record touched your soul? As Far as mine? No, just in general. Shout out to King George, man. He's from Down my way as well, man. He definitely kicked the door down for us. Man. Keep On Rolling is like one of those that, you know, really, really, really punched me, you know? And it gave me like, some inspiration, bro. You know, one of those brothers Emini here, he from South Carolina, I'm saying he, he kicked the door like wide open for us. And when I heard that song, him saying, I automatically knew that this was the type of genre that I wanted to be in.


Were you su, were you surprised how fast this record caught on? Of course Emini here 'cause it's, it's everywhere. And you know, and, and people are learning to dance quickly. When did you realize how big the record was? Man, I woke up one morning and I checked my TikTok Emini here. I had so many notifications on TikTok And I g you know what I'm saying? I thought somebody had died. You feel me? So, so when I checked it or whatever, I seen the video. The video was in a, a spot. Now I'm way called sbar, you know, it's a, it's a, it's a mecca for like the line dance you I'm saying. So I seen that and it was like maybe 20 videos. I went to sleep And I woke up. It was like 500 videos, you know what I'm saying? I knew at that point right then that it was, I might have a little something, you know what, Emini here and over the course of time now wasn't being, what, three months, almost four months, man, it has passed me.


So right now I'm playing catch up to the song. Everybody have been trying to put a face with the music. So here I am. Good morning. I feel like that's what in Luther King George, I feel like that's what he hasn't done yet. He hasn't put a face to his music. 'cause everybody listens to, you know, at least down south you see people play a lot of King George music and he a young dude. He only like, what, 30 something years old, right? Yeah, bro. I think Joe about 30 something. 38? Yeah, about 39. 30 0, 39. Oh, he, okay. Yeah. But I'm saying I feel like he hasn't done that yet. I wonder why. I don't know. Emini here, timing is everything, especially for me. Emini here, look how long I've been doing music. I, I've been doing music for over 20 years as far as Southern Soul. I dropped five songs before. Boots On The Ground and then it picked up, you know, so Emini here, timing is everything.


So y'all, y'all definitely stay tuned. Y'all gonna see a lot more of him and a lot more of the Southern Soul Front coming. When I noticed it got big was when I seen kids doing it. You know, it from old people to kids. It was everybody got their kids. Yeah. Doing it. And it's, it is, it is something, it's, it's feel good. It's like music that you, at the family reunion Yeah. And stuff like that, that anybody try to like, reach out about signing you or anything like that. Oh, mercy. I ig been blowing up. I ain't gonna crazy, crazy. It, it definitely been crazy, man. But you know, we started this company, shout out to Snake Eyes Music Group, man. We started this company, you know, from the bottom up, you know, we came with a vision. It was just a vision. And I think that we've done more in a year than a lot of folks have done in like five, seven years.


Are You, are you assigned to a major or no, you're doing everything independent? We all independent over here. Oh, So you get everything that you eat. Yeah, we been, I'm proud of us, man. I ain't gonna lie. I'm proud of us. You know, we all learn from each other. You saying as we move, we learn, we grow. And shout out the young guy, man, you know, that's why I brought him. He's one of the united fronts that we stand with as far as Southern sa. And they opened, like, they accepted me with open arms, man. And they had been doing it, you know, prior to me, but they showed me the roads that definitely wouldn't sting your game And I could appreciate that, man. So everything independent. So we going, I'm gonna entertain something, but just not right now. How long have you have you been young guy? Young guy? Man, I've been young guy for, for a long time, man. 30 years.


I'm saying, like I told, we Just say I'm fixing change my name to Uncle Guy in a minute, man Am on, they gonna be like, that be Crazy because folks see me, they'll say, you know, you, you a rapper. I be like, nah. Then I, then they, they they, I get on stage and I'm singing some soul for shit. Then they be like, damn, you know, I ain't expecting. But that I, I kind of kept my name back from the younger days when all rapping, man. So I, when I, I jumped into music, my story kind of, you know, I'm similar to his, you know, I been, I've been rolling in the Southern Soul game probably about two and a half years now. And Power of Social Media. I had a record that, you know, I was singing in the garage, posted it and changed my life, you know what I'm saying? Instantly. So, yeah man.


So I kind of, I was tapped in on the rap side. Like him man came up in the church, you know what I'm saying? Tried different things so far as just me physically doing music, man. I stepped away from music almost 14 years. So when I finally just made up my mind like, hey, I'm finna get back in the studio, get it rolling, you know what I'm saying? Professionally, record me a song, sit down and that that record, you know what I'm saying? Two records later, Hey I don I was driving trucks, man, I ain't drove a truck in almost a year and a half now. Emini here, You stepped down just 'cause of the, the frustration, you know, coming from South Carolina, man, I don't know if people even realize it. There's so many people in South Carolina who do music, whether it is rap, whether it's sing, but it's hard for people from South Carolina to get that break. So you just had got frustrated. I'm From Mississippi, man, so it worked. Okay. You know what I'm saying? It is worse. So y'all from, Y'all got, y'all got Band Crit though?


Yeah. Sit. We ain't had one yet, Man. You right. Y'all got Peter Pablo, man, That's North Carolina. That's North Carolina. Yeah. I tried then, man. But you got frustrated with the music or you? Nah, man, for sure man. Because when you, when you come where we come from, man, you don't have the resources like that. Yeah. You know, years ago I moved to Atlanta, I was going, you know, try to be around when you're not around a music scene, like a music scene where, you know, Atlanta, when I moved to Atlanta, man, they got a open mic on a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday they got, you got studios everywhere you can network. You got a lot of people that can, they can connect. What you trying to do in Mississippi ain't really got there. So you think about a big Crick, big Crick came outta, you know, shout out to Crick.


He came out that Crick is a one-stop shop, write his own music, produce his own music. He the whole nine. So, you know what I'm saying? Just band too. Yeah, yeah. For real. So like, you know, you gotta, you gotta have a little bit more muscle behind you just to, to get out them, you know, from the south. So How'd y'all connect Man? We, we met a couple, couple about, about two years ago. Yeah, I think my very first show out there in Natchez, I think. Yeah, Natchez, Nezz, Mississippi man, my first show kind of nervous, you know, I'm saying me personally, you know, I had just started with so, so, so bro came, he hollered at me. I'm saying he gave me that little pep talk or whatever I'm saying. I shrugged my shoulders And I, and did it. We, He came to me like, man, like young guy, man, what I, what I, because I was kind of moving pretty good then, you know what I'm saying? I had a record that was, that was keeping me busy. And he was like, man, what, what, what I gotta do advice.


Can you gimme? I was like, man, you know, keep grinding bro. You gonna get that one and you gonna know you got it. So when I heard that Boots On The Ground, I called him, I said, you Getting ready to be a rich nigga, you know what I'm saying? You know what I saying? I knew it from the first 10 seconds, 10 seconds of the song. And I was like, man, that this finna go crazy now. I just see you look on social media. Shaq dancing too. You got feet. Yeah. Like, man, that is crazy. You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's a blessing. And man, I just, I'm proud of my brother and we just trying to keep it going. What, What inspired Boots On The Ground though? Like, like when you sat down and said you heard that beat and you're like, this is what I wanna write about, Man, I tell the story all the time, man. And I had a show in Phoenix City in the back of the van, whatever.


I say it like this. I had my, I had experience, I had a chance to experience my first trail ride last year. Went to trail ride. You saying a couple of ladies had fans or whatever. It was hot. So I, you know, they got fans. So I got a chance to go to my second trail ride And I didn't see no fans. So I posed the question where 'em fans at, you know what I'm saying? With Boots On The Ground, Boots On The Ground is already at line. That terminology you what I'm saying. So, you know, when they say Boots On The Ground, you know it, we about to have a party we just touch down type of deal. So I just really merged the two ideas and it became a good marriage. What's The trail ride for the people who don't Know? Listen man, trail ride is, you know, ATVs, horses, you're saying that line dancing, it is a whole like, combination of all culture, man.


It's definitely a culture. It's not really just a, an event. You know what, Emini here, and that's why I feel like Southern soul and line dancing is a perfect mixture. You know what Emini here, it, it is a great marriage. You know, it piggybacks off of one, piggybacks off of the other. And if you ever come to the trip right down there, man, I promise you, you gonna have a good time. You might get a little dusty, but I promise you, you gonna have a good time. Now. Now, every time you make a song, is it a line song now or no? Okay. See, see that's one thing I didn't wanna get caught in. I didn't wanna get caught in, you know, just being the line, the line dance guy At the boot. At the boot digger boot. So, you know, and I've been thinking about you saying names for like a, a EP or album, whatever you're saying.


And I really wanted to be versatility because I wanted to show them on all skills. I got different skills, music. Yeah, but you, You could do it. Like, remember how Jermaine Dupree did back in the day? He like, he had the, the all the, what was it called? It? The, the beat All stars where it was just one album, just doing all the uptempo. Oh, you talking about the like Shorty, swing my way shorty My way. He had a whole album of that. Then he had a whole album. Different ways of doing things. So you could do that like a, a a, a anthem like that. 'cause your HBCU is gonna be crazy this week. Spring Flings, homecomings, all that. They should start booking you now to try to get the cheapest prices possible. Probably Book Man. I got like schedule Crazy Up. Got show what up next October? No lie. He got a show tomorrow. What is tomorrow? Yeah, I fly out tomorrow Show Tomorrow, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday.


That's What up man. You booked doing a Monday? Yeah. That's the list. Yeah, that's what's up man. It's a blessing man. Definitely. I know You don't wanna just fall into the line dance, you know, genre of music, but it's like nobody has made any that, that are great since the all like the five that we got. Oh, Chacha, that's the last one I can remember. That could be, yeah. Chacha Cuban. Now how Cuban. Oh But Like, but none since then. And it's like, it, it's, it's kind of hard to, to do like, you know what Emini here? Yeah. So for you to just come up with one and just do it just off of what you felt, you gotta do that more. Right? Like, because I, I'm tired of dancing. I six months, I tell people like 10 or 12.


I feel like my opinion, I feel like line dance is like the new disco. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It is a big thing in the black culture that, you know what I'm saying? We just trying to shine light on. 'cause you got, you got people who y'all, you know y'all from the Cedar man. It, it'll make people from the Cedar Man I'm Finn to go get some boots. They gonna buy me a van Cowboy hat. It just, it's a culture that they shine a light on so people can experience. So it's just line down. It is been around for a while but like, and it done got bigger man. They got Selma to South Carolina be 7,000 people out there. Yeah. You feel me? I do African music too. African music has it has it as well. They got African line Dance, they got line dancers. Like Jerusalem is a line dance. Absolutely. Yeah. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the Ill thing though. The artist like, it's not like you created the dance Though.


No. Oh see that's, that's the sweetest thing about it too. You saying Oh you didn't create the dance. No, the people. Oh, I didn't know that. People, they choose it. They choose it. Whether it's gonna be, you said a live dance to it or not. You know what I'm saying? Mm. So when, when they seen that on TikTok, it was like four or five dances, different dances to it. You what I'm saying? I reposted one shout out to Trey Little when I posted it, everybody took on, you know what I'm saying to that one because it was real easy. Wasn't Tamia ish. You know, Tamia got by. I'm still confused with, I still Can't get that one. You know what Emini here, that's a line Dance. Yeah, it's line dance. They do a line dance too. Tam line. That's a line Dance. I ain't gonna lie. It's like the cursive of line dancing. You feel me? I'm Confused with that one. You Gotta be, You gotta be your pro for that one.


Yeah. Yeah. That's definitely not intermediate anyway. So You had to learn your own dance basically. Yeah, And I had that one. Yeah. So how do you, so you just picked that one. It was like, this is the one we go up rock with. 'cause if 20 people said different dances, That's why I said the, and Everybody being in sync, the People chose it. Man, Boots On The Ground was not intended to be a live dance song. It was just blessed to be that way. Even With the fan Bang bang like With the fan, You know, That's just something that you do when you hot. Like you Slap them off, you know? And I didn't know that fans, like the fans were like a big part of the, you know, the, the Trevor Ross scene until I made the song with it. And now I hear like, you know, 10, 20 different songs with fans now. You know what I'm saying?


So it definitely is a part, like a big important part of the culture. So I, I think I just revived it. Why not the church fan? The church fan too. They Use The church fan too. I think. I, I think the, the sales on church fans is at an all time high right now. Hmm. Yeah. Damn. Church fans. You know, Amazon, when I, when I first came up with the, with the song or whatever, they was just clacking fans. If you go on Amazon right now, they Boots On The Ground fans. Hmm. You got Louis Vuitton got fans. Oh I saw that. No, I got that. I saw that was some bullshit. Wow. Yeah man. But that's when I knew y'all was getting, I was like, oh they outta here now. Tmu got Boots On The Ground fans. You know what I'm saying? So it definitely has been impactful to the culture man. I'm just proud to be a part of. Yeah, Well they gonna be waiting forever for them TMU fans, I tell you that.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Got a thousand out there right now. But anyway, Everybody gonna be waiting for new music. Do you got more after Boots On The Ground? Lemme tell you something, I got so much music, you know, I'm saying And I got music like before I got a, you know, a previous catalog, I got five songs that I dropped. Like I said, I've only been in a year and a half know what Emini here, but as far as the catalog, man, I got a widespread catalog that's getting ready to come. It was just the, the timing we was waiting on, you know what Emini here. So I think it's the perfect time for everybody to see me. And you know what, I got the offer Versatility is coming. What's the, what's the toughest challenge about being an artist from South Carolina? The weight that's on my back, you know, I'm saying because not only do I Emini here Yeah, boosting the ground is for me, but I stand with a lot of weight that I'm carrying as far as like Southern Soul as a whole.


'cause see this is what my main part is And I ain't gonna lie, this is the reason why I came here. You saying this morning, I want to make Southern Soul that main genre. You know, it is been, you know, spline like it's been like undertone for so long and you know that Chi circuit has been going on. Like you got greats that came through that Chitlin circuit like Tyrone Davis, that's Marvin c James Brown, it, muddy Waters, all these guys have come under that Chitlin circuit man. And it hasn't really had a, a catalyst for it as been brought to the front. So I, I take myself to be a martyr in that, you know what I'm saying? I want be able to display that as being a main genre and showing that, you know, we come with the United Front. I got Shamika Quill out there, I'm saying Grown, grown ass woman. I got Frank Johnson out there, you can hate on me.


I got young guy right here. You know what I'm saying? Like, take heed. These are all very impactful songs to the culture and when I bring my Boots On The Ground, I wanna bring them as well. So that's probably like the biggest thing as far as like, you know, I'm carrying that weight And I wanna be a good advocate for them. That's, well, you know, you gotta get yourself all the way through the door first. Of course. You know what what I'm saying. Like that's, that's why I think a lot of people fal there a little bit because they want to represent for the whole state and they want to bring everybody with them. Yeah. And usually all those people end up weighing them down before you get to where you need to be. I think that with, with me how I present myself, how I carry myself, I carry myself as, you know, a you know, he's, he's a strong front by himself, you know, it's just, I wanna be a good representative for him. You know, it's not that I'm, I'm pulling them up, you know, I'm saying the way that I walk my character is what, you know, it puts it out there like, oh, oh I like him.


Lemme see what they got going on. You know what I'm saying? I let my walk, you know what I'm saying? Speak for me. So Emini here, South Carolina having a moment right now. You got Trap Dickey? Yeah, man, shout out to Trap man. You know Black Zack? Yeah man, Lil Boss. Rest in peace, speaker Knock. 'cause I, it's a lot of people doing it. Yeah. But I, I, I really love what the Southern Soul is doing because that's a whole different genre and we, and we call it the Chitlin circuit, but really I, what I call it is the heart and soul of black America. Definitely, bro. Like, like that's what all the majority of black people in America are in the South Don't advocate for violence, man. We advocate for unity, good timing. You know what I'm saying? You just gotta pay attention to a lot of this music man. And it's like real life relatable stuff bro. It ain't, you know, fabricated, you know what I'm saying? It, it is real life relatable things And I think that's why people gravitate like towards it a little bit more because I'm able to, you saying, oh yeah, I'm going through that right now.


You know what Emini here. So I, I think that's why everybody been gravitating towards it. But it's definitely a movement man. If you had to pick one song that best represents you that's not Boots On The Ground, what would it be? You know? That's a tough one. Charmaine One, you ain't got out yet? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. You know, because like all of them is like a representation of me, you know what I'm saying? I feel all of them. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. So y'all just stay tuned man. I, I ain't gonna lie, y'all just, I got, I got so much that's coming behind me. I don't even know how to pick it. Know what Emini here. You gonna get these patenting? Huh? You gonna get these pats? I think we got, I think we got them stamp already.


Okay. All right, good. I think we got amp Man because I'm looking here. Yeah, you right. Amazon, Amazon ain a lot for, they injecting prices up $16 you need To, for me, you know I'm inadvertently employing people that I don, I don't have to hire. You know what Emini here, you know everybody's selling Boots On The Ground shirts, everybody's selling fans or whatever, you know I'm saying this was something that nobody had thought about. They wasn't tapped into it. So everybody's able to make money. So I just feel like I'm an employer. You know, I gave everybody I'm saying something that they can make their money off of and, and you know, that's what hit me the most too. You know? Hey, I'm helping you lie. You gotta teach us to dance before you leave man. Yeah. You gotta show us To dance. Somebody put this song on. I will say this though Jess. You say you know how to do it. No, I'm Saying I'm about had these old ass niggas now Lauren, First of all, it's for everybody.


It's for all age groups. Okay. The old to the young. Alright. It big HB, C bring Lauren know how to do the dance. She was trying to show me It out. Lauren. Yes. We got our mechanic coming in here, Our mechanic. We gonna get under the hood of her wig. God stop y'all. Shit. Alright, let's do it on come who? I wanna learn to dance and Don't fan in her direction too damn hard because She Musty. No, I'm just saying Because, because damn everybody keep the come on. Yes, I know Who gonna teach us. You gonna lead us fresh. Huh?


Do your wig. You say you know how to do the dance Aint HI just learned it though. Who gonna lead us? You gonna lead us fresh? Man, I try something. I told you couldn't. That's why he the easiest One behind. I never seen A guy.


What we doing this too hard for me Right up.


Wait a minute now to the right, all two, I can't do this shit. That's all. I got way too much.


I got it. It They said, they said the instructional version dropped the deck. Okay. All right. So I got where it, where it all DSPs. Hold on. What you mean? So it tells you how to do it. Hey man, I'm tired of here. My knees hurt already. Okay. They're on YouTube. They got a instruction.


I was looking. Oh well Tell 'em where to follow you. 8 0 3, fresh 8 0 3 fresh. The kid liability. Y'all can follow me on all streaming platform everywhere man. Just type in 8 0 3 fresh. You say you can get my music from Apple Music. Spotify, your local Bootleg man flea market. You can get it from everywhere. I definitely appreciate y'all listening man. Sag, I appreciate you man. Listen always love for the home team. Yeah, that's right. You definitely putting South Carolina on the map as well. Yes sir. What you're doing? DJ Vy? Man, I appreciate you sir. You saying sir? Just Larry, I definitely appreciate you. Thank you. How you pretty young guy? Thank you guy. Young guy. I follow you Man. Follow me on all platform, man. Young guy. I'm pretty much the same on everything. Check me out on all music stream platforms. Hey, we got a lot coming man.


2025. We're gonna finish it out next year. It gonna be even bigger, man. Like I said, stick Tuned for that feature too. I'm representing Mississippi man, South Carolina. We're just all trying to put it together, man. Absolutely. All right guys, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the Morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Top reasons your dog wants you to move to Ohio. Amazing dog parks to stretch your legs. All four of them. Dog friendly patios, even gourmet hot dogs loaded with the good stuff. Bone Appetit and Ohio has so many high paying jobs. You'll be top dog in no time. Jobs and technology, engineering, science, advanced manufacturing, and more the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Go to call Ohio home.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Spring cleaning. Sure if we have to, but we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting. They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feed. New premieres returning series, exclusive interviews. The top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the best Spring streaming picks.