
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions


Here at Life Kit N PR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got some special guest joining us today. Yes Indeed. Season two of their podcast on the Black Effect. Good Mom Bad Choices podcast. We have Erica Dickerson and Jamila Map. Welcome ladies. Thank you. Hey, how y'all feeling? Great. Feeling really good? Yeah. I love the, the name of y'all podcast. Good Moms Bad Choices. What is, what does that mean? You know, I think society has deemed women and moms in a certain light and historically we're not really allowed to make bad choices, but really bad choices are relative.


You know, like smoking a blunt is a good choice for me, but for other people that might be a bad choice, you know? Right. So I think it really kind of just flips the narrative around what bad choices actually are and allows moms in particular to give themselves grace and prioritize whatever the fuck it is that they want to prioritize. Right. It's funny though, because a lot of people really hated that name. All of our friends told us that was a bad idea. That was a bad idea. Why? Why? I don't know. Because I think bad choices and good moms don't go together and you assume that that means something terrible. But Emini here, I'm sure we've all made some choices that some other person told you were bad, but they were actually fun or good or exciting. And sometimes you gotta make your own choice. And I think, you know, people put moms in a box, you can only behave a certain way.


You can only dress a certain way. It's like you give birth and suddenly you're fucking Martha Stewart or something. But the truth is, is you had a baby 'cause you had sex. So, you know, there's just like the the humanness of it. That's What I thought it was. I thought when you, you saying the bad choice is the baby daddy? No. Okay. Not Necessarily sometimes or something, sometimes Else. That's relative. That Wasn't why we made the name. But did we make some choices that could have been better? Yes. But you learn from those choices and then you find a second baby daddy that I I'm, I'm, I'm She's still Looking for the baby daddy, First of all, husband. That Is true. You Gotta start there. Yeah. Well Man, Wait, you don't know what she wants.


I say it gotta start somewhere. You find a man first and then it evolves to the You won't let me know how to The man wants, Right? Wants No, I don't know how to keep him, Man. Yeah, I'm trying, but Exactly. Don't mind him. What was I gonna, dang, you made, oh, you said second baby. Sometimes people find a second baby daddy. I don't know you guys personally and I'm new to watching and listening to your podcast, so forgive me. Are are you guys on the journey of finding a second baby daddy? Are you still with the first baby daddy? Like, where are y'all laying on journey? Lemme tell you About the journey is Engaged. Oh, one is engaged. Okay. Okay. I I just got engaged last week. Okay. So I have found my second baby, my husband. Congratulations. Yeah, congratulations. Yeah, thank you. Love that for you. And I think that's another thing is like women, there's like this stigma that you have to say with your baby daddy or you're un you're deemed unworthy or un marryable after you're a single mom.


And it's just not true. It's not real. And like sometimes you got to, you gotta do better the second time and sometimes you gotta leave the first one for your happiness and for your peace. And that's okay. Can you walk us through the engagement? How long, how long were you dating the guy and all of that type of stuff. I just wanna make Lauren feel bad about not having nobody. Jesus, You ain't gonna make me feel bad. You, I know. Lemme Tell you something. This Is a hopeful story. Let's get back on you. Let's focus on you. So tell us about the engagement and how it happened, because I saw that trending last week on, I think it was Twitter. There was a girl that was like, and for all the guys that keep saying, just because you have a kid, nobody's gonna want you. My Stepdaddy dms is lined up. Mm. Baby. And I, I, you know, that was a big fear of ours. I think that was how we like, kind of formed our podcast too, is like, as black women, it's so, like the stereotype of being a single black mom is, is, it's crazy.


You know, like, and no, no woman wants that to be a single mom, but particularly for black women, there's this heavy burden of like, oh my God. And the truth is, is like you learn, you get better when you're a mother. You take, you get dating gets taken more seriously. I don't have time to play, I don't have time for bs. You know, I know what I need and what I want. So yeah, I met my, my man four years ago. We dated for three years. He's from New York. I imported him to LA 'cause LA men are not so great. But yeah man, we dated, we dated for three years. We lived together for two and you know, we've been engaged two weeks, so, you know, we did a little, I did the adult thing. Congrats. Congratulations man. Thank you. Congratulations. Sean. There's Hope. Ladies, why you keep looking at me.


I'm Not because you in the room looking across the table. I'm making eye contact with everybody. Crazy eye contact with Envy. Not me. This podcast. What about you? I have a partner and so, you know, we're still, we're we're not anywhere near where she's at. But it's, it's been a journey, you know, as a single mom. I think there, like you said, there was a lot of shame. I remember when I first, when I, when I, me and my child's father broke up, I remember I joined Tinder And I always tell our listeners like new moms that are trying to get out there. I'm like, dating apps is the shit when you first go, like become single. Like for me, I really needed the confidence boost because I felt so disconnected from my sexuality. I felt so disconnected from just my value in so many ways. And unfortunately not fortunately, well, unfortunately, unfortunately I really did.


I needed that confidence boost to being like, oh, swipe right. Okay. Okay. But I think that for me in this, in this period, in this time and in my journey of being a single mom, I have learned through the people that I've dated, which, you know, things haven't worked out, but I've evolved so much and been able to, I think, manifest this person that I'm with now who accepts me holistically. Because one thing that we were told, and we've been told a lot because of our show and the content of our show, we talk about sex very candidly. We talk about our dating experience is very candidly we talk about our bad choices very candidly. And you're not gonna find a man like that. No man's gonna marry that.


You, you like your titties out, like you wear, you don't like shirts. Like we literally, You Don't like shirts. Shirts, you don't shirt. She doesn't like shirts. You know, and her titty makes an appearance. I was like, bitch, they can't make an appearance today. Okay. The right to be likes to make an appearance. And, but there's a lot of, there's a lot of narrative around just being too confident and in your body and, and to you. Yeah. Being to you. You have to compartmentalize yourself to be a wife, to be a high valued woman, which is a conversation that I feel like is, has always been part in, it's been on the internet for a long time, but now women are pushing this narrative of being high valued women. And I feel like that's very dangerous and very violent against women, specifically when it's pushed by women.


And so rest in peace, Kevin Samuels, The God assisted their job. Jesus. So I just feel like we're in a time now where women are realizing that their value is not linked necessarily to how they dress. That their value isn't linked to how they talk. It's linked to how deeply they've met themselves. And, you know, through this process I've been able to meet myself and Emini here. I'm, we always talk about this, we're continuously in works of progress. Like I am healed. Like I'm very vocal about like where I'm at and even with the, the women that we work with at our retreats. 'cause we now we know, we do international retreats with women. We've brought hundreds of women outta the country to do the work that we do.


And it's really about that is meeting yourself, empowering yourself, finding your tribe. Me and Mila, we weren't friends when we started our podcast. Like I'm, I saw her on the internet, I judged her 'cause her titties were out and we were both pregnant at the same time. And I had subscribed to this narrative of what motherhood was supposed to be like. I, like, I couldn't smoke weed anymore even though like my baby daddy was a rapper. Like I was going to be put together And I wasn't gonna, those parts of myself had to die. And I saw her and she triggered the fuck out of me. Mm. I was like, wow. She can show up as herself just as she is. Thankfully my hating didn't deter me from, I say, what was the first interaction like? Because was the hate all the way gone? Was it like No. Well my friend kept posting her And I was like, who is this girl?


You keep posting? Like, none of my friends had kids. And so I was desperate. I was like, you know what? I need to meet her. She seems like she's cool. And so, you know, my friend was like, we're going to a bar tonight. You want to come and meet her? And this is like, so out of, I would never just go and try to like now I would. But I, at that time, I would never go out of my way to go meet a stranger friend at a bar. But I was desperate. I literally pumped in the car. 'cause I, my daughter was three months old and went to find Jamila. 'cause I knew only had like 90 minutes before my mama started calling me and judging me for being out too early after giving birth and cornered her and was like, Hey, I, I heard that you have a kid. I, my friend posted you on the internet. And she was like, yeah. And low, like she had also saw me on the internet and made preconceived notions about me, my lifestyle and, and what I do.


And thankfully we push past that. We push past the judgment, which I think a lot of times women, we have a hard time doing that. We judge each other so much. Yeah. And we hold each other back. And so the work that we do on the podcast at the retreats in our book is really about bringing women together and understanding that we are so much stronger together. And yeah. You said it's a lot of shit that's not, I don wanna talk about. Okay, Let's do it. I didn't, I never heard somebody re refer to dating apps and say that it gave them confidence. Could you expand on that a little bit? Yeah. Emini here I was, I felt so unattractive in my relationship. I felt so undesirable in my relationship. I was, I was desperate for validation. And my partner was like, that's not my job.


And granted, maybe that's not his job holistically, but I felt like, Nick, I just pushed out your baby. I'm feeling a little, I need some help here. And so when we broke up, I was really nervous to get on a dating app. A 'cause like, I was like, oh my God, what if someone sees me on there? What if he sees me on there? But then it became kind of, you know, dating app is kind of like, they've gamified it so you know, you're swiping and like people are like wanting to match with you. So I'm like, it's giving you confidence whether it's a false sense of confidence. It's the beginning, it's the path towards really believing it. And so for me, dating apps really led me into really feeling like, okay, I'm, I'm, I am desirable.


Oh I do deserve pleasure. Oh I do deserve to be taken out. And so I think a lot of women, they don't know where to start. And I'm not necessarily saying that's where everyone's path needs to start, but for me that was really healing for me. And in the path of this dating app is really, I think we always say like two moms walked in a bar and met each other. But really the story began when I went on this dating app And I ended up swiping on what I thought was a woman. 'cause I was going both ways. And then I swiped and it was, she was pictured with her husband And I was like, why is this man in this picture? And I kept swiping And I was like, and then I read And I was like, we're a couple looking to spoil someone special.


Oh. And I was like, huh, okay, well this is something I always kind of wanted to explore with my cheating baby daddy, but couldn't trust him. So maybe now is the time. And so I did, and, and even in that exploration with that, this couple, I felt excitement, but I also felt shame because I'm a mom. So I was like going and having threesomes with this married couple and then going home and tucking my daughter into bed and being like, what life am I living? Is this okay? Like, I feel really good. I feel like I'm like, I feel confident, I feel excited about what's happening, but am I a good mom because of this? And so when I shared this story with Jamila and this was like maybe our second interaction, it really opened up the door for her to feel comfortable sharing with me.


And I know it sounds silly, like a threesome brought you together. But Yeah, actually I Oh, In conversation or No, Not conversation. No, no, No. Calm down. No, I was just, when she said that, I'm like, whoa, hold on. Where do we just go? But Okay, the dating nap thing, that's, that's it seems like it's the new school way of like putting on a nice dress, getting your head done and going out to the club back in the day, like after when your man pissing you off, you go out to the club just to get the, But you said your man didn't give you something. So the date nap, so y'all were still together, your weren't together when you No, we Weren't together. But you still wanted him to give you that because you had just had his baby. Yeah, Emini here. I i, I had gained a lot of weight in pregnancy and so I just didn't recognize myself. I really needed my partner to empower me in the end Of the relationship. Yeah. Before it ended. And That's where she left her.


No, no. I wasn't on dating apps a while. I was with him now for clarity. And I always wanted, you know, when you have situations like that, And I'm sure you talk about it on the podcast, right? But when your child gets to like 15, 16 and they start clicking, is that a conversation you had beforehand? And you'd be like, I'm gonna let 'em find out on their own. My Well You think you need to warn your child. So in 2000, and lemme tell you in 2020 your mama had a threesome. I'm just letting you know in case you read about it, just in case you read About it because you Also in 2023, You know, in this day and age, they'll pull it right up. Like, we know your mama, we know your mama did this. It ain't like before where it was off the internet, like, I don't know nothing going on with my mama and my grandma. Like, you just don't know. I think it's been But Decent age.


Our kids are known. But I think that's been, not that everybody or your kids need to know your whole sex catalog. However, I think it's detrimental. Like there is a a, there is a, a misconception that parents, fathers included are these perfect superhero people. And to our kids we are. But I think most importantly, when our kids get of age and start exploring our catalog, first of all, I hope you have a lot of time babe. Jesus Emini here. We have over 300 episodes. But I want my daughter to remember like, my mom is exactly who the fuck she says she is. There's no gray area. She knows my titties to be out. She knows who I am. She loves me. She respects me because I I I am a great mother to her. So what I do sexually as an adult is never going to sway how she feels about me as an adult.


I'm a I'm a parent. I can, I'm an adult And I can indulge and I'm, that's my right, it's my birthright. Pleasure is my birthright and it's medicine And I don't like, that is not a narrative that I intend on keeping, that we intend on keeping from our daughters. So I think like the transparency a is like, has been medicine for us in our friendship and for our community. 'cause other women are like, damn, I needed to know. Other women are smoking a blunt and I'm not a terrible person. Oh, I needed to know other women are out here dating and I'm not a terrible person. No, you deserve to live and so do our kids. And I hope that we're setting that example and that our catalog is so much more than just, you know, the 50 probably sex stories that are in there. But that there's a, you know, there's a deep understanding of who we truly are. What is this titties out thing?


Y'all keep talking about these titties out and see and I'm trying to make eye contact, but every time you take tit out I'm like, you don't have a titties out, you know, Emini here. They're in today. They are in today. I'm Well what is it? What does she mean? Like, you walk around Charlotte or something? Yeah, I do like, like, Like in public. Shut Off. No Bar Emini here in in, yeah in pri Emini here where I can, I'm like at my house, in her house. If we are in and we're on vacation, we travel a lot. My family, my friends know my titties would be out because it's usually house that I live in or I paid for or my friends. Or my friends. And so I've created a community who are, who are okay with that because I'm comfortable in my skin and that's how I feel comfortable. Did you have a traumatic experience with a shirt or A turtleneck? When I was in fourth grade, really overcame my neck.


Gotcha. I, I wanna go back to the, to the bad choices. We were talking about the bad choices, right? So are the bad choices are Parenting choices, are they men choices or all of the above? Right? Because I always say I have six kids, I always say the first two are like the Guinea pigs, right? Because you gotta learn what to do, what not to do. And then the next four you kind of get, so what are the bad choices? Emini here there's definitely some bad choices. And I think, like you said, the first two are Guinea pigs. Like everything's trial and error and hopefully you learn. And I think that is the thing in bad choices. I still ain't learn though. We still, I still Fuck up. Yeah. Emini here. Apparently you got six of them. I got six. I'm hoping from zero to six it got better. That's, and that's the thing we're, we're ever evolving and you know, and like you, you trip, you fall down, you get the fuck back up. That, that is life. And we don't talk about that enough.


We only show the result. And like the bad choices sometimes are, are bad, actually really bad. And then you, you can, you know, re re hopefully they lead to better choices realign like, okay that was fucked up. I I did too much this way. It's a constant sway of balance and that is how you get better by acknowledging what you've done and being and being able to have conversations and reflect upon it. But if you don't have friends that you could be honest with and be like, bitch, I had this threesome I probably shouldn't have left last night. You know, she can't be like, girl, get it together because we're, we're so afraid to be judged. But if you can say the thing then you can, you can be better from it. Erica, a question for you. I know you, and only because you mentioned this earlier, I know what your kid's dad with Freddie, it's a little bit different for you too because he's an artist.


Like people know Freddie Gibs, right? How do you deal with the judgment? 'cause yours is like probably like 50 times more because your relationship and everything that happened out of it was so public. Like, is that harder for you? Is it harder to talk about? Is it like, how does it No, it's not hard for me to talk about Emini here. Early on in the show it was Emini here when we started the podcast, I was real relatively like maybe five months out of our breakup. Whoa. How did, How you were mentally okay enough your breakup was Pretty No, I was not. Okay. Which is why I need to sit with this bitch and talk. Okay, So wait, so, so back it up then. Talk me through that. So you're five months out of you were engaged, you, you, y'all like just welcomed your baby. Then you find out there was another woman, another baby. Then you decided to go get on a public platform and start a podcast.


What was your thinking around that and like mentally outside of just talking to her, what else did you do to be able to get through that? That's rough. You know, I didn't have a lot of thought, honestly. People ask us why we started the show. It was really, I just needed someone to talk to. Right. And I had started listening to podcasts. I actually really murder mystery podcasts. And then I started looking up podcasts in the, you know, single mom podcasts, black podcasts. At the time there were really none like the, the space has changed and evolved so much. But before that it was like white moms drinking wine, calling their kids assholes and like nerdy white guys like, and, and murder mystery shit. Which is why I was there. And so, you know, I felt like, wow, this space is wide open.


I wonder if like, my friend that I just met, 'cause I didn't know Jamila really at all Yeah. Would wanna sit and like, let's just talk about being single moms. And then as we started talking and just being vulnerable, things just started pouring out. She told me the story about the Yeah. Oh, about the, the, the Threesome couple. And I immediately was intrigued 'cause I, we'd hung out but it was very surface And I was like, oh this bitch is kind of spicy. Okay. I kinda like her. I was like, okay, I can kinda get with this. 'cause at first it was very like, how are you liking motherhood? It's great. I love it. Yeah. You know, and not being real. And when she said that, it immediately made me feel close to her. And it, And I asked her at that moment, I said, okay, I'll do the podcast. I don't even know what the fuck that is. Like a radio show. I was like, but are you gonna tell this story about your couple and because that's the only way I could do it on or off.


I don't really have a great area. And she was like, Okay. And I Like black couple, a white couple, Black and white. Oh, oh, black Woman. Black and white husband. Oh, Dr. Umok would be, Dr. Tobar was like this white man got three queens. Three or two. Two, sorry. But Auntie's wife is beautiful. Yes. But like, putting that into perspective for, for you of that I guess being like a liberating experience and you start this podcast, you have this friend now this homegirl who can support you in a different way. 'cause she was your first mom friend you said. Right. How did you guys talk through, even you talking to your daughter eventually about like what you went through and your decision to put on a podcast? Well, Well to go back to your original question, I think that I didn't really give a fuck because he didn't really consider me at all.


Right. So I didn't really have a lot of consideration. Yeah. For, for him. Although I did protect, I did protect him a lot. I didn't share a so much until like, maybe like a year in like, because I, I, I wasn't, it wasn't confirmed even for a while. Even when I was recording the show, whether, you know, this was his child or not. And you know, as I started to share more, I, I felt empowered because a lot of women were writing in and telling me, me too been never done that. Yeah. And so when you have that support, you feel more brave, you know? And I feel like that's why our show has been so successful is because we've been really brave in sharing our testimony and sharing our truth. And with that becomes the community. With that comes the support. And so I felt very supported and luckily we haven't, people always ask us like, have you gotten a lot of backlash on your show?


Not really. Like we have a very supportive community of men and women. And so, you know, obviously me and my child's father, our relationship has evolved over the years. We're cool. We're co-parents, you know? Yeah. But there was a lot of hurt. There was a lot of anger, there was a lot of confusion. And I really needed a place to heal. And honestly, behind the mic was healing. Sharing stories and talking is a, a major form of medicine. Yes. And even when I step away from the mic for too long, I kind of miss it. I'd be like, damn, I got some shit to say. I gotta get this off. You know? And so, I'm sorry, what was the second question? I think just having her as a support system. I don't have a kid, but I've been through the whole, my person having a baby with another person And I decided to stay after and it was really tough.


'cause you don't have people that really understand it. So you as a friend, my question was, what was that support system like? Just having another mom that's like, yo, I got you and we publicly doing this together. Like what was that like? Yeah, Emini here, we were kind of in similar spaces. We met each other. Like, I always say like, God just, it was God's timing. We met each other at very crucial moments in our motherhood. She was just, she had just broken up with her child's father. I had just broken up with mine and it was like, bitch, we outside. So like the first two, three years of our show was really about like our, just all the things, all the journeys and like rediscovering ourselves as these new women, as these new as mothers. But mo mo mostly Erica and Jamila. Like who are we outside of just that.


And then how do we come back to motherhood and be able to nourish our children and, and be good moms. So I think just being honest, really saying the thing. And even in our friendship, like our friendship has gone through trials and tribulations as well. And we've been vocal about that on our podcast as well. And just saying the thing has been, I think really important because specifically women we're really quick to cut off women if they irritate us or they say the wrong thing or they're doing too much, you know, and that's just not, that's just, this has been honestly like the best relationship I've had. It's also been one of the most challenging relationships I've had because we always talk about our, our friendship as platonic. We're in a platonic marriage.


Our our kids, you know, travel together. They go to camp together. We share bank accounts. Like I've made more money than with her than anyone in my entire life. You know? And shared Bank accounts is real. Y'all real friends. They got businesses. I Married business. We have even in still, I know business, business partners who still, they have a business account, but like they keep their little sts separate Emini Here. We, we have separate accounts, but most of our accounts be together. Yeah. We do a lot of things And, And I think we realized when we started to just be honest and tap into ourselves, we, we were the most successful we had ever been. Like all of our being Honest. Yeah. All of our businesses have are all three of them are very successful. And I think a lot of that is a testimony to us being honest with one another and, and sharing.


And, and also I think when you start tapping into your pleasure, and when I say pleasure, because I think pleasure also gets a bad rap. People always associate pleasure with sex. Yeah. But pleasure is a full spectrum of emotions. It's everything. It's grief, it's shame, it's love, it's, it's all the things. There's a journey that you go on and there's a healing that happens that opens you up and expands you and you become a better mom. You become a better business woman, you become a better wife, you become a better girlfriend. Like all these things start to unlock in yourself. And like, I think for us it became just like this ritual weekly doing that. And so Emini here, Jamila's my best friend. She's my sister, she's my platonic wife. Although I don't know if I'm supposed to give up that title now that you're gonna be a real wife.


Never. Never. It's careful. It's very What is a sexologist and tantric practitioner? Because that's what y'all are too. That's what y'all, that's what y'all retreats are about, right? No, our retreats are Emini here somewhat. Yeah. Tantra is about like starting the dialogue with your body, using pleasure as medicine. Like she said, I think a lot of times people think pleasure is just like sex. You're just solely in the bedroom. You lock the door, you turn the lights off, you don't talk about it. But there's pleasure in all things. Right? Like you probably, I saw you was little snuggy on this morning. I was cold. But you, you know, like sometimes there's those things that just like, ah, Lighting a candle, setting the vibe, eating That a good meal. And like, I think sometimes we reserve those intimate pleasures for like, you know, we just put everything in a box.


And so it's just like, it's a, it's a prac, it's a spiritual like technology that is like a practice of being in tune with your pleasure and not like removing, not removing the divinity from intimacy and from sex, you know? 'cause it's very, it's given to us by God. And I think it's just about teaching and practicing other people to do that too. So that's what ta that's, that's the definition of tantric. The Definition of tantra is weaving sound and light. Sound And light. Oh. So I like how you play. Good. Well see that's going back to sex. I was gonna say like how you play a good playlist and like you set the mood, but that's going back To, well it's like sounding light with form, right? So it's like, it's it's literally like compounding all the, all the things, all the things that bring you pleasure and weaving them together and understanding like the whole, the totality of it.


One thing is not just here, sex and pleasure are not just here. This is not just here. It's all in, it's all blurry. It's all watercolors. When you said that I envisioned like a candle lit and like you smoking a blunt and the smoke is going, but then like some music might be playing like all of that is nice lights. Like the vibe at a, at a, at a all the senses. It's fine too. Like Yeah, like whatever's gonna like interact with all your senses, your taste, your sound, like, like you said The sound bath too. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, we're actually doing a, our first Couples Retreat in June, which is Very June 14th in Costa Rica. So I have a person or you meet the people there, you gotta have a person to go today, right? Yeah. This one. But I was thinking I was, We shoulda me Dating like a matchmaking situation.


Singles, I threw you down. You know what, By then you might have one. But you know what, I encourage people that are just starting to date to come to, to, to tap into these type of experiences as well. Because it really helps set the foundation for the rest of your relationship. Like don't wait till you have some fucked up shit going on in your relationship to be like, let's, we need to go on a retreat. Right? But how do you know? Because you gotta find a man first before first Of all's A couple Retreat too. No, what I was about to say is, if you got a couple things going on, how you know which one like or Which dude you wanna Take. Yeah. I'ma lean in. You always know. No, You might have like one in a good one in a possible, right. But it's like, then you lean in the wrong way too much and then that messes up and you doing, went to the Couples Retreat You telling on for Four days and now You can't talk to the other one. Wait, What possible? She's telling on herself Saying, how do you know which one to go is crazy.


Like how am I bringing you to this Couples Retreat? It's gonna isolate just me and you for these days and cut off my conversation to any and everybody else. You gonna bring to the Couples Retreat? She got two is what She said. No, that's not what I'm saying. That's exactly what you're saying. I'm asking for women who are dating multiple men. If I'm the possible, I'm almost, I'm super upset. I Don possible. Who is number one on the roster? That's who you bring. She Don't know That's who you bring. I don't even have a roster. Women. I always, There is never a fucking solid tie. I've had many rosters. There's never a solid tie. It's always someone you wanna spend more time with and the other one's just available. Have you guys ever had someone come? This is your first couple retreat or you doing another one? It's our first one. Couples. Okay. I was gonna say, but if somebody shows up with the person you're not supposed to be there with, how do you guys handle that?


Like I'm gonna tell you,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. Is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Here at Life Kit and PR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself or too grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop, Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The cracker the bat and another one Gone. A tip bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and With me. Did you know, did you know I wouldn't give up my nine months before? Rosa, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Like, I don't know, boo Well, how you know who's one and Two? No, IIII don't. I we haven't, we haven't. No. Also like you, you get the vibe through like the different things that you're doing throughout the weekend that like, I think, I don't think y'all should mesh well. Well first of all for me, I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna allow them to self discover, right? And through the practices they're going to, it's going to be crystal clear. They need choices, very cluster, clear choices, you know, choices. But hopefully, you know, hopefully that's not the case. You know? And, And I know you don't have a partner right now, but we do have women's retreats Actually zero Zero send You with the, you have the reset and vibe, The reset vibe, Retreat, vibe retreat. There You go. And we actually just released our dates for the summertime and we're actually doing a giveaway and we want, we're giving away a free spot.


So if anyone listening is interested in coming to a women's retreat in Costa Rica, it's the reset and vibe retreat. This is really about really resetting your vibe, resetting your nervous system, tapping in, meeting a group of like-minded women, Manifesting the man of your dream. It's playful, it's healing, it's crazy. It's jamila's titties will be out. There's, there is a lot of nudity at the retreats. Women are like, is it a Nudist resort? We Take over the property though. We take over property. So we have a pool safe. And people, women are just like, wanna be confident in their bodies. Some women have literally never even walked around their house naked, you know? So this is a safe space for you to like, explore all the facets of you. You don't have to do that. It's not a requirement. This is not a nudist retreat.


I wanna be clear. But this is a place for you to show up. However it is that you want to, whoever you are when you're here in New York or wherever the hell, or when you're with your homegirl that you've known since you were 12 and she's still holding you to this archaic version of yourself when you come to the retreat, you can be whoever the fuck you wanna be. You can rebrand yourself. You can be the loudest girl in the room. Maybe you're the quietest one at work. You know? And this is a place where I have seen such incredible, incredible transformations from the women, from be from the, literally from the beginning when they walk on property to the end. Mm. And and then it keeps going. And not only, not only that, the women stay connected, right? So, you know, when the work that we do, we get so many questions of like, I don't have any female friends. I don't trust women.


You know, I don't fuck with women like that. Well you need to, you know, I don't think that's really an option now. Like we really need each other. And so I'm excited because we are giving away a spot to our retreat. So if you're listening and you're interested, join our Patreon and all the details are in our Patreon of how to enter the giveaway. And it's, it's an all expense pay trip minus the flight. But everything there, once you arrive, everything's handled for you. And that's the thing too is like, as women, we're such a doers, we wanna like plan every little thing when you arrive, me and Mila, me and Mila take care of everything. So how do You subscribe to the Patreon? What do You do? You go to patreon.com/good moms bad choices.


And then you will see all the details there. And once you just subscribe to Patreon, you get access to our Discord community, which is really like, that is like the most like Rich, intimate tribe. There's a lot of moms and women, there's men there too. But you know, it's a lot of honest talking. And so it's like tender for friends. The that the reset plus vibe in Costa Rica. That's February 1st through the sixth. Yeah, but that's done. Those are sort related. Oh, sold out. Okay. Okay, gotcha. That's sold out. Yeah. This is in the summertime. So this is July 31st through August 5th. So it's the summertime. Get the babysitter, you have time, stop making excuses come by yourself. 90% of the women actually like 98% of the women come alone to our retreats.


And I recommend it. Like I said, like when you come on trips with friends, sometimes you feel like you gotta take care of bitches. You feel like you can't be your, like this new version you're trying to be who Got friends like that. Some people that's Crazy. They Usually taking care Of you. That's why you don't understand It. First of all, you drunk. It's true. It's like, girl, you Drunk. They all do. People are always, You're always like, not you, but like women are always asking for permission. Like, do you wanna go? Do you want, what do you think? Oh, you don't wanna go? Don't wanna Go. If you don't wanna go, I'll, I'll wait. Okay, I'll you you More shots. Yeah. You want shots That that'ss what difference be asking. That's what you be saying all the time. Over and over and over. You made a good point earlier about the mom friend, her being your first mom friend. I have a friend who is the only one out of our friend group that has a kid.


And I remember she was going through a point where she was trying to figure out mom friends, she has them now. And I used to be like, why you wanna have other friends? Like we your friends, what, can you talk about the, that discovery journey and like why that's important? 'cause I think she did need that now that I'm older, but then I was like, girl, who them people? You've gone through this incredible rite of passage that you, you can't explain to anybody else. Like you have to, it's kind of like you had to be there, you know? And I think sometimes of course, like the aunties matter of, and we need the aunties all the time, but I think like when moms find their mom friend, it creates a place where there's like a, a very true understanding of where we're at, what we're doing, what we're dealing with.


You know, the aunties only wanna hear about you bitching about your kids so long. They're like, girl, she gonna come around and talk about this baby again. Oh my god. You know? So I feel like moms have a little more tolerance for that. So Moms can't be aunties, break that down for me. So this No, no, No. They, they can, I was just saying that, I was just saying that she was asking about the mom friend situation. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. So I'm saying like that aunties matter, but like having a, a person that's actually going through the same thing, going through the same thing is it's a different, it's a different type of support. Yeah. You know, it's interesting 'cause you know, I'm sure people judge y'all just because of the content. That's what they do. Especially in the podcast space. If you're two black women and you're sexually liberated and you're talking about it, people judge.


But the reality is y'all are just having conversations out loud that people have in private all the damn time. Absolutely. Like, mama gotta have a life too. Mama Workshop too. Yeah. After the baby is here. Yeah, you Gotta get the man First. No, I'm not talking about me. I'm talking about my friends that I make sure have a good time that he was trying to play me about earlier. Mamas want shots too. A good time. Mama want shots too. Mama. Mama needs shots more than everybody Else. Bring the shots. Actually I only have three hours, let's go. Oh yeah. There's, there's no one more drunk than a mom without, on a Friday night. On a Friday night without her kid Paying for a babysitter. This shit counts. How do you think y'all are breaking the old stereotype of pleasure deprived motherhood? I guess Being an example? You know, I think, like she said, like we, we genuinely do give people permission and it's because sometimes you don't even, I think women don't even realize that it's an option to show up as yourself, but when you hear two people and you're like, oh, oh, they did that.


Oh, they're talking about it. That's crazy. Oh, she's talking about the threesome and she's also talking about putting her kid in camp. You know, like those are, those are real shit. It's real shit. But I think sometimes we, especially as black women, we actually need to see it done. We need to see to have the permission or else we just automatically sweep it as all one thing. It's all bad because we've been told, we've been given a lot of rules and like unfortunately black women have the most, you know, we have the fit into the square the most. A lot of white women are can fuck up. They could, you know, overdose and then host the Grammys the next day and everybody's fine. But black women, there's, we don't, and brown women, we don't get as much, you know, like leeway. And so I think people, women genuinely needed to see us do the thing and hear about us doing the thing to be like, oh, I could do that shit too.


Absolutely. I read an essence article on you guys and you talked about apologizing to your kid and how good that has been and how freeing that is. And we always had this conversation, me, with my mom, like, I'd be like, you need to learn how to apologize, but you guys are doing it early. Why? And how has it worked in your relationship with your kid? Because I didn't get it. I didn't get no apologies. You know? And so, And I realized how I realized that as when, as I was, as I was evolving in motherhood. And I always tell people I'm a 10-year-old mother, like I only know as much as I know of a 10-year-old mother. You know, I'm new-ish at this point, maybe a little season, not quite. But I've, I've seen the power of apologizing.


I've seen how much my daughter feels safe in talking to me because her mom is willing to say, Hey, I kind of fucked up. I'm sorry about that. Hey, I lost my temper. And I think a lot of times we've pushed things under the rug and like all those things, they, they, you don't forget them as kids. You know, they, and then they show up in different ways in your life where you now have a problem apologizing. You can't acknowledge the things that you've done wrong and now it's holding you back. And so I just didn't, I don't want that for her. And so I think it's really important for, for parents overall to, to get used to that idea, not idea that that that thing and, and, and do that. And like why wouldn't you, why wouldn't you wanna apologize to your child if you know you fucked up?


I Do it all the time. Yeah. And, and it feels good. Absolutely. It feels good to like reverse whatever it is that, you know, didn't work for you. You know, I think about like, I had like a, a recent like Parenting moment with my daughter because she was getting bullied at school And I was like, oh no, so we're here because I'm gonna beat all these little bitches asses. I was like, okay, you can't do that. Don't do that Erica. You can just record it Content. Well now I'm content breakfast club talking about it. So shit, it wasn't me. And you know, at first I was like, all right, I'm just gonna like talk to the school and have them deal with this 'cause I don't know what to do. And then I was like, no, I have to, I have to face this head on.


And so, you know, I was just, I, you know, I sat with her and talked to her and she had a really hard time telling me, because I think she's, my daughter's gonna be 10 and right now in her life, like her, so her social circle is very important to her. You know, she's just building these friendships and like, it feels like her whole world. And so stirring the pot feels like it's not a, it's not a big deal, it's fine. You know? And so I was just empowering her to stand up for herself. And, and after that moment, like I was talking it through, I was like, damn, that was good. Yeah. You ever have those moments in Parenting? You're like, of course I had one apologizing to my, she's 16, apologized to her, I can't even remember what I apologize for. And she said, it's okay, this is your first time doing this.


Wow. Just meaning your first time as a father, like, you know, ever a 16-year-old. I was like, oh, okay. That Would make me cry as a, but it's true. Like I don't, I'm, we're winging it, you know, maybe you're a professional over here. What start calling you, what Do I do? Mine goes from 23 to three. So it's all, it's all over the game. Got the full range, it is all over. But you know, I got lucky with a lot, like, so I was an only child, so the bullying thing, I had to deal with myself as a kid being bullied. But see they got siblings now. So where, you know, if, if my 10-year-old, I got an 11-year-old that's gonna go to the school and, and hold it down where it's not daddy, I could push it and be like, yo, go look out for your sister. But you know, some of those things I have, because we have those conversations. But I think the, the best thing is like you said, apologies, right?


My dad and my mom never apologized to me. Of course they would if they were wrong, you ate it. Pause. But I think with me it's is like, lemme talk to you, you know, dad was a little upset. This was the reason why this happened. And they respect you and look at you a lot differently and they're able to be free. Absolutely. Like my kids have conversations with me that I'm surprised that they tell me stuff And I'm like, I too comfortable. I would tell, tell my mother this, I would never tell my dad this. But they feel so comfortable and sometimes I gotta take a step back and be like, I have to understand, you know, which is, it's great. Well, And it's a testament, they were doing a great job. Envy, you know, if your kids are, are talking to you in that way, like it's a, it's those little like, like confirmations along the way. You're like, okay, I'm not fucking up. They're Safe. They Feel safe enough. They feel safe. Yeah. Yeah. And, and you know, it feels, it's like I said, it feels good to apologize to my daughter.


And I've actually even said to her, listen, I, I'm trying, I don't really know what I'm doing. That's right. And do things different. I'm figuring it Out. You know, you Know, we've only, we only, we can only reference our parents, our parents' Parenting. And ultimately, like they've, they could use some improvement. But if you don't have the space to, to like reflect and be like, okay, well this could have been better. And then apply it, you know, without, you have to be able to question what has happened in order to improve the systems. And, you know, it's true. Sometimes I'm reacting in a way. I'm like, why the fuck am I talking like this? I'm like, oh, that's how I was talked to. But then I have to pivot and shift and it takes work. You know, like mothering a child while also mothering myself, Parenting myself, reprogramming myself. Is is Emini here?


I'm sure you've all experienced it, like it's difficult. Yeah. But it's necessary for our kids to inherit different habits. And so when their parents, hopefully that it we're changing generationally each time and getting better instead of just doing the same shit over and over again. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I think that that was the most difficult to not do what my parents do. Right. My kids asked to go out. No. Why? 'cause I said so. 'cause that's what I heard. But then you have to come back and be like, well, let me explain why, why, how much did you hate that shit? I, it's a bad idea, right? But as a kid, you just took it because you was like, I'm not arguing with my mother pops. But now you gotta come back and be like, well, the reason I really don't want you to go is because it's not a safe environment if you really think about it, this, that, and yada yada. And it's like, damn, I'm really explaining myself to my 3-year-old. But it is what it is. You Know? But now they re feel respected as a human being because our kids are human beings, you know?


And I think we forget that as parents. 'cause we weren't always treated that way. You're a child, you stay in your place. Correct. Yeah. Y'all have a book too. Good mom, A good mom's Guide to Making Bad Choices. Explain why we, they need a guide to make bad choices. You know, I think I, when we were writing this, I realized like, there are so many books about parenthood, like, how do you care for your baby? How do you swaddle the baby? What do you do? You know, like there's all these, there's all these things about how you care for a baby. And there's rarely, there's no books really about how the fuck do I care for myself after this huge thing that's happened. My body has changed, my life has changed. I'm, you know, implementing a new human and I'm caring for something. And there's a lot of fear, there's a lot of anxiety in that that nobody talks about.


And even for us, our book is talks about like our journey and single Parenting. There's a lot of moms experiencing that. A lot of moms fighting it, like trying to put a fucking square in a circle. Like sometimes it just don't work. And that's okay. And so I think this book is really about the guide to finding yourself, whatever that is for you, and being authentic in it. And also like, how do you care for yourself in this process of Parenting? Because there are no books about that. It's always about the child. And that's the thing about motherhood. It's self, like, it has to be self-sacrificing, but it doesn't and it shouldn't be. And that's really what the book is based in. I wanted to ask, you know, did you ever resent your your baby fathers? And, and the reason I ask is, you know, she said, Hmm, you know, because if you really look back, And I think Charlemagne can say the same thing, I never had a baby father.


So no, I don't know what you've had. I don't know what you identify as, but you know, if our wives ever leave the kids with us for a long time, you realize I really don't have control. And as, as a father, right? Your wife does everything for you. And the fact that she has, And I always say the the main thing that she has is patience. Right? I don't have the patience. But do you ever resent, like, he's not here, he's not here to help. I don't know if he was there or not there, he's not here to take to school. He's not there for that time where I just need a break and Just say, you know what? I need a shot. Let me go walk around the block one time. Do y'all ever resent that? And if you did, how did y'all get over it? It's a work in progress. I think that, you know, early on, of course there was more resentfulness. I think there's acceptance too.


You just have to kind of accept the person you chose. And this is, this is it, you know? And, and then from there, build the, build the tribe. And that's really what I've done. I have an incredible support system that will show up when he can't. You know, and granted, both of us have very busy careers. He's out of the country, out of town a lot. And so 98% of everything has fallen into my hands. So I would, I would be lying to say there's, there's no resentment. Like there, or there hasn't been resentment. Right? But I also just, I ha I also like have, have to humanize him as well. If I'm gonna give grace to the women that I, that I serve and give grace to myself, then I also have to understand where he's at.


What happened. Like where, what wasn't, what needs were not met in your childhood, what things are you come back battling with that you're not confronting and avoiding, you know? And so that doesn't always come. 'cause sometimes I wanna curse him out, but then I have to kind of bring it back and say, okay, well this work doesn't just apply to this. I have to be able to apply it to both. And, and it does. My daughter know. It doesn't, it doesn't do my daughter any, any benefit by, you know me, you know, bad talking him, especially in front of her. I try my best to, for her to feel like we are still a family. You know, we pray, we pray for her dad, we talk about her dad.


Like I ask it, I ask even like, you know, he had another child. The reason we broke up was because he got another woman pregnant. And you know, I never in a million years thought that I would be able to be like, in the presence of that child ever. And I know there's a lot of women listening that have maybe experienced this or maybe going through this. My heart dropped 'cause I know the feeling. Yeah. And it was, I, I literally, I, I just, there was no way. I remember the first time he brought his son into my house, like unannounced. And I was like, oh, did you cry? How was the, did you cry? Like, what was your, I didn't even know how to cry. I was frozen. You know, like, I don't, did you say get, of course not, because it, it's a baby. It's a baby. You don't wanna react to the baby, but you feel like, ugh. Yeah.


And like, as a, as women, like we are territorial around this role of mother and like this space that we share with this person. Like, this is what we decided to do and this is an interruption. And, but, you know, but, but now, like I have so much love for that child. You know, I wouldn't be a good mom who makes bad choices without that child. Like, thank you baby mama for, you know, breaking the family up. Because, because no, truly because I didn't know myself then I was really like living for him. And, and so I think that, like, to answer your question, it is just like, about, or answer your question, it's just about like allowing grace and knowing that yes, there are times when I want to curse that man out. But also I love him because he gave me my daughter.


Gotcha. You know, What if the other child was a daughter who looked just like the woman that he had? Jesus Christ, the baby with the other, The was a, well it was a son And I Know, but what if it was a daughter who looked just like the woman who he had another baby with? I don't think that would've, I don't Emini here. I probably would Emini here again. Like, it would probably been jarring at first. But you know, like, I think that I would've accepted that as well. All of Freddy's kids look, just look just like him. You know? And did You have to have those conversations with the other mothers? Like, hey, let's, even though this is not the situation, but we all have kids, let them be siblings together, or No, I Only have a rapport with one. And you know, it's not 'cause I don't want to, it is like, I, I could reach out I guess, but that just hasn't been my ministry yet.


Gotcha. But there's no, there's no hate, there's no resentment. Like we're all moms trying to do the best we can for our kids. And you know, she made her choices and all of them have made their choices because, you know, my baby daddy been busy with creating life since, since our first one. But yeah. So, And Jamila you about resentment if there was any or no? Mm. I know. It's like she said acceptance. You know, I, I knew who I had a baby with. I'm accepting of that. And then honestly, there is a, a level of, I just sound so crazy. I knew who I had the baby with. So it is what it is. Emini, Here it is. I know you accept, You gotta get to that point. It so cool. You gonna do, you gotta raise the baby because you expect Different, right?


If you knew that that was gonna be the situation, you would've did. So something different, right? You gotta raise a kid. If your aunt had a penis, she'd be uncle what? Fuck Emini here. But there's a, there's a level of pride. Yeah. I had to think about That hard. I think he's saying it is what it is. What No, but I would say talk about that level of pride in, in that, because the resentment can, that can cause some women to stay and y'all chose to step away. Well, Yeah. There, there, there, yeah. You could be resentful and you can let that shit like fester or you could walk away and move on and accept the person you had a baby with. And even in this chapter of my life, I'm like, you know, do what you can. There's a lot of drop offs at the grandma's house, which, you know, if my child is safe and fed, I'm happy you're around. But I also find joy in like, I am the, the primary provider.


Hey, you gotta take the kid. I'm gonna The Breakfast Club tomorrow. I'm big dog traveling. You know, like I, you know, there I, I have won so much in this. Like, I have evolved so much in this, this relationship with my friend and this brand and this business. Like, I have really discovered something that I wouldn't have been able to discover had I stayed in that relationship. So I'm grateful, I'm grateful for the, like, the awareness of myself to be like, this ain't gonna work. I, I can't see this forever. I'm out. And, and just honoring that and accepting him for who he is and accepting that that is not something that I can accept in my life in a romantic partnership. And just letting it be. Because you know, karma's a bitch and you have to deal with that with your child when she gets of age. 'cause we have kids who are very well aware, very intelligent, that's, we never disrespect our child's intelligence.


So we're honest in a age appropriate manner. And so I give, you know, I give you the love and I know that you are gonna have to deal with that relationship as, as she gets older. And I, you know, good luck. Did the baby daddies ever come to y'all and apologize for what Envy's kind of referencing like that flack of like, dang, I'm sorry or I put you through. Or Denial, denial, denial. If you ask them, they probably would've would say they have. But Emini here, you know, Most dads be like, I'm doing great. Yeah. Like, you haven't see her in Two weeks. Our baby's daddy tried to link up a few times once and we were like, what the hell are they, they're talking about they were gonna start podcasts on Good dad, bad choices. Conflict of interest.


That's right. That'd be a conflict of interest. I do have one last question, Erica. How did you break up with that couple that Dr. Umar wouldn't approve of? How did you not that Dr. Umar wouldn't approve. How did you break up with him? You know, it became a thing because I real not, I realized I knew this begin to begin with. I don't really, I'm not into white men. I'm just not, you know, I really, I was trying because they were cool and he was handsome, but I realized that over time I just wasn't like, I was more into his wife than I was to him. And I respect it too, because I told her Yeah, You were trying to break up that Happy couple. Well, no, I was not trying to break up the happy home, but she did ask me like Erica, like, where, where you at? Like, you haven't been responding to the calls, dah, dah da.


And I was like, honestly, like I'm more attracted to you. And she was like, okay, thanks. And she cut it off And I was like, respect. Wow. Dang. Like, respect. And that, and that's why I really respected their dynamic. They showed me a, I learned a lot from that relationship. I learned how much they loved, like how expansive their love was for one another. I felt honored to be able to come into their relationship and, and, and spend time with them. And then also peace out. But yeah, it was more so it was just like, And I, and also like I wanted to, it was just, it was kind of like a, I got what I needed out of it. Gotcha. And then I was done with it. Gotcha. You know, but I, I, but I have a lot of love for them and they're a great couple. They're still together to this day.


Dope. Well we appreciate y'all for joining. Make sure y'all subscribe. Good mom. Bad Choices podcast on the Black Effect Network. Jamila Map Dickerson. Every Wednesday. Every Wednesday they drop. So check them out. That's right. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night Football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now


Here at Life Kit, NPR Self-Help podcast. We love the idea of helping you make meaningful lifestyle changes. Our policy is to never be too punishing on yourself. Two grand in your goals, which is why we've got shows on how to make little nudges to your behavior and create habits that stick. Listen to the Life Kit podcast on iHeartRadio.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What have you asked two different people, the same set of questions. Even if the questions are the same, our experiences can lead us to drastically different answers. I'm mini driver And I set out to explore this idea in my podcast. And now mini questions is returning for another season. We've asked an entirely new set of guests, our seven questions, including Jane Lynch, Delaney Rowe, and Cord Jefferson. Listen to many questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.