
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the upend. The lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season premier raising Canaan. Watch now only on Stars. In the Stars app.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with Hate. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ, JNV. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here and we got a special guest in the building. Heather Guy Walker. Hello everybody.


Andrew, she, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome. How's it going? How you feeling? I Feel good, man. You Know it's, it is crazy. I was talking to Charlamagne about you yesterday. I was like, we've been doing The Breakfast Club so long. We got a real opportunity to see different people grow. Yeah. And and you were one of them. I was like, I remember Andrew Show starting off and, and the fact I seen a couple of months ago that you, you sold out the garden a couple times and you had your dad with you. So Yeah. Light work. Yeah. I was like, so how does that feel work that growth. And we actually seen the grind so people can't Just say it was overnight because he's white. No, we actually seen the grind. The whip. Yeah. It was, it was, it was a while. I remember the first time I came on The Breakfast Club, I think Charlemagne walked out within five minutes, had to go somewhere. Why? I was so excited.


I was like, Hey man, can I come on show you? He was like, yo, I got you bro. He comes and he starts to show you goes, yo, I got my man Sholtz here, Ariel take it away. And then he just left. But it was still a great interview. You Do that a lot. He Does that a lot. Even with this one, I'm gonna sit here and I'm gonna talk, but I'm like, I'm more interested to hear what Lauren And I was Yesterday. I was telling my friend, I was like, they was like, well that's Charlamagne homie. I said, I promise you he gonna be like, I'm not going to talk. I wanna hear what y'all have to say Because I talked, I know what he thinks about things, but I want talk every week. Yes. I'm interested to hear what y'all, what y'all think. He's gonna chime in, you'll see. Yeah. I'ma, yeah, once he gets a little spicy, he gets a little spicy. He'll be in there. So I want, I Wanna talk about, man, you had all of us thinking that that poor girl's family died.


The Portia Williams. Oh, I was terrifying. What? He's looking at this note. Oh yes, yes. Oh my goodness. And then I see her looking at the note and then I'm like, damn, somebody died. And the only thing I think is, is she gonna stop the interview? You know what Emini here like is, there's this moment where you're like, does she care so much about fame? She's like, well, they're already dead. They ain't gonna be born. You know what, Emini Here, it wasn't a death. Death. No. She started to get teary eyed and the way she looked at her sister, I thought somebody died too. And I'm like, oh shit. All I was thinking is we are getting exclusive. She worked to me. I'm just trying to get a laugh. I'm just trying get a laugh, Jim. Trying get a, you See what I'm saying? This is a major exclusive right here.


That's why I'm like, lemme see what it says because I need the anchor in his headline. But see, that's the TMZ brain because you know, she comes from TMZ saying, Yeah, and I'm so bad And I left. Sorry, Portia, knock on what? Nobody, everybody's good. I see, I Know. Charlamagne even know he is an asshole. If that would've happened, he would've stopped the interview and be like, Hey, I need you to go outside. I know him for that. So I wouldn't have played like that anyway. I, yeah, I knew it would've been some type of joke. I just don't, I didn't know how far he was gonna go. You know, it's funny, when Schultz walked in, Schultz looked at that couch and he was like, yo, that's the whole couch. Big dick saddle off, Bro. I didn't know the section. He said, big dick, The couch. Now The couch is the couch. I Emini here. I remember we were on brilliant idiots when we first saw that. And you know, oh my God. And, And I Charlemagne said, said, why is she calling a lift? She should, you know, she No.


Why? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Why didn't she call a forklift? Why did she call a forklift? And After she lifted a fork enough. Yeah. Oh my. And then she came on, it was really funny. Like, I was watching the episode and she's quite endearing. She's just like a really, really endearing voice. But when you guys moved the couch up And I walked in, I was like, oh, that's the famous couch. And I didn't know that there are three pieces. So I thought you rolled the Whole only One part semi-circle out. Oh, you Know, we pulled the whole thing Up. Yeah. And I saying she filled that thing out. There's no way she's making it into a Honda Civic. Like, there's no way. Shoot. She said she could get in a PT Cruiser. Yeah. I don't know. I yeah, maybe. Well, God bless her.


I wanted to know, you know, with this day and age, with with comedy, right? Yeah. We recently seen Damon Wayne said he's not going back out on the road because they will cancel you for everything. Oh, but you are somebody that don't give a f what you say what people think. And why is that? Yeah, I don't know. That's a good, that's a good, I don't know why I don't really care. But I, I think that the days of canceling are done. Like, I think, I think it's changed. I think that kinda like pendulum is swung And I think people kind of have a sense of humor now. Or they feel like less effective in their, their ability to cancel. I think you don't care because you threw what could have been a Hail Mary, or it could have been a well coordinated play. It turned out to be a well coordinated play. Which one? Yeah, because when Hollywood, there, there was a period, And I remember this vividly.


Oh yeah. I remember one time Andrew comes in the studio and Andrew was saying how his agent told him that Hollywood does not want white straight. No, they, they tried to gave me white, Straight male. So they wanted you They gave me, they Gave you, yeah, they gave me, Tries that every day with me. They gave Me They wanted you to try dating men. Oh, they trained you? No, they, no, they gave me in, they made my character gay. Oh, I have film. Yeah, I Have books. Yeah. It was crazy. I have do it to white men too. Yeah. Say what? Go ahead. They do it to, what do you mean? Because, you know, it's always been that thing of like, that happens to black men and that's how you like, oh, they'll get put in the dress and all that dress, dress. I say, oh, they do the white men. Yeah. But that's just like, that's just like the lowest hanging fruit. I don't think the dress shit is, is about being gay. I just think that like, it's, it's white people writing scripts that like, don't have any friends that aren't white.


So then when they see black people, they see masculinity, right? Like this is their like, like, what is it? Unconscious like bias. Right? So they see black dudes like, oh, that's the most masculine thing. So like the, what's the funniest thing to see the most masculine, masculine thing in a dress. Like to see the rock in a dress is funny, you know? So I think that's really, it's like Arnold Schwartzenegger, I think they did it to him too, because you Just say big buff guy in a dress. But yeah, they, they, I remember the guy who, I remember the guy who, it was his show. He put me in the show. Paul Riser. Remember Paul Riser? No, he Emini here. He was making a million dollars in episode on his show on sitcom back in the day. Oh, I don remember the fuck I'm talking about? He was like one of the biggest sitcom stars.


He was a great guy. And we were doing the show, I think it ended up on Hulu. And, and he called me, he was like, listen man, you know, there's a lot of white people on the show. It took place in the seventies. It was about the Johnny Carson show. He's like two weeks before he started filming me. He is like, Hey man, we gotta make your character gay. And I was like, what do you, what do you mean by that? Did you ask How gay, like DEI something? This is before. This is before. Yeah. So I was, he was like, how, I was like how gay? And he was, he was, I was like, why do we have to make it gay? And he's like, ah, you know, it's just a lot of white people on the show, so we gotta find a way to mix it up. They made one guy crippled. That was the most hilarious thing. That's DEI too though. I know. But it was like they couldn't make us all gay.


So like, one guy gotta be crippled. Yeah. And I was like, why aren't you as You know, Emini here. I'd rather be limping around this shit than Buttfuck. You know what, Emini here. So. And That's funny though. You get buttfuck than you. The blood both Limping, the cri so, So cute. We're here guys. So cute man. See y'all ask questions. So, so yeah. So they, They made it game. It was crazy. Like I had to change one of the script. It was two. One of the guy, it got two gay. They wanted you to kiss him. Wait, Wait. They wanted me to get gang Bangs. Oh, Thank him. No, like they, they had so they, so they had like this, this one script. I got it on the day. They're like, yeah, it'd be really funny if you were like walking into this room.


There's three guys behind you. And I was like, man, let tell you what's not gonna happen. All y'all taking this DI shit too far. The Players club. The train. It was, And it was like in the seventies or like, it was like aids, You Know what Emini here? Like there was no protection for that shit. Like, and now we got three different guys following me into a bedroom. So that was in The script. I was in the script And I was Like, I ain't doing that shit. I was like, I don't think I don my guy would do that. So what Did you do? There's a scene Where apparently now like my hands are on the wall. Okay. And then like, is that the Johnny Carson show? That was the Johnny Carson Show. Show. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But nothing, I Don't do anything. But the audience is gay for thinking about it. Y'all are gay.


I just had my hands on the wall. But then all I was simply saying was there was a point where Andrew was like, look, I'm gonna go out on my own terms. Yes. You know what I'm saying? So if everybody's going this way, I'm gonna make the kind of comedy I want to make. Yeah. And if it works, it works. If it doesn't, it doesn't. But it ended up working. I did, I did. My thing was is like I saw a lot of people kind of watering down their shit for what the TV networks were putting on. And I got empathy for the people that work at the networks too. Like easy, you got a kid who's in private school, you wanna build a pool at your house or whatever. You, you're not trying to lose your job because I wanna make some crazy joke. So, but it felt watered down And I didn't wanna change the comedy. So I was like, where can I put out the comedy? And honestly like having the pod with Charlemagne and we're putting out like brilliant idiot stuff and we're saying crazy jokes and like, people really seem to like it.


And I was like, I think there's an appetite for this shit online. I saw your guys' success. Like just seeing your guys show, kill it on YouTube. It, it, it just kind of reminds me like people are consuming stuff on YouTube. They're consuming high quality content. Long form. Yo what if we just started putting standup out there? And I think knowing that there was this place for, it made me feel way more confident. I didn't really care if it was like on a network. I just wanted to do the comedy I wanted to do and then it, and then it worked man. But You ended up that, that was risky 'cause you was giving away your bread and butter though because you're giving up parts of your standup special. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. But at the same time as like, I was writing so much, you know, back then, because I had to go back to the same markets every single year, I had to go back to Albany every single year.


So I didn't wanna do the same jokes from last year. Right. You know, like people, like that's something like early on I was like, I'm not gonna waste people's money, you know, every tour I was like, people work hard, they gotta get a babysitter. Like they got, it's a whole night. Yeah. It's dinner. It's expensive to come out to a show. So I was like, this gotta be the best show that they see. Or at least we gotta attempt to make it. So I would have a new set and then what was I doing for the old set? And I put that shit out there and like the jokes would start to go over And I was saying some wild shit. I ain't gonna lie. And you pissed a lot of people off. You ever got threatened? Yeah. Or Dusty? No, I meant Diddy. I said Diddy. I was thinking Diddy, but you, you would've a lot of people. Why, what Were we thinking about when he said that? When you hear that name, what comes out?


Like what do you think about about The baby oil behind him? Like this, you see the baby oil behind him? Yo, I love how much you guys have embraced white boy fund. It makes me so happy. Like that's White boy fund. You guys are, you guys are the black pioneers of white boy fund. Like I feel, and you know what, you know how like, And The way he goes too far, like, you know what white boy front Is? No, I'm please bring Just like straight guys making gay jokes with each other. Oh, Okay. They used to that my old job. Yeah, that is very white. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So like, yeah, Lauren, Like, we just call that gay. Yeah, he's Gay. Yeah. Yeah. We call, we call white boy front because it is Not gay. It's too straight guys doing it. Okay. Yeah. But once there's a gay guy involved, then it becomes gay. No, at my, so the white boyfriend I experienced at my last job, there would be a gay guy involved and it still was just, ooh, this is a great, this is fun.


TV? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But that's what they said in the office. But when they left they were like, yo, they gay for doing that shit. I'm just telling you that's it. Yeah. Yeah. If you, it Was my first time seeing it, I was like, wow. Okay. And you didn't know what to think, right? No. Yeah. Yeah. So this is like classic, you know, when white dudes hang out that it's all gay jokes. Okay. And Mexican shout to Mexican. Mexican got good gay jokes. Oh, Mexicans definitely got good gay jokes. They love shit. Remember on training day when the dude was like, you ever had your shit pushed in? Oh yeah. That seemed like what rape? I don't know if he was joking about that. That didn't seem like a gay joke, like a great joke. I just Didn't understand why he wanted that. Why wouldn't you want him to go go get an ene animal bro? Yeah, You wanna clean that out. You know what, Emini Here. So, so, okay, so Mexican Gay Jokes.


No, they've been, they've been, You never seen one eat the corn the long way. I like that. Can you please stop ruin that for me. That's my favorite part. So usually you on the side, man, but if you ever seen a dude eat the corn the wrong way. That's Crazy. I gotta finish my shot. You Crazy. But I was asking have you got threatened to a point where you was like, I gotta chill out because you, you go anybody Anyhow, I, yeah, I Got punched on stage. I used to get beer bottles Thrown to me Stage. Can you fight? Not Emini here, You box used to box. Yeah, I used to box. Like, I wasn't like, but I'm not like some like try to fight everybody. Tough guy at all. But Like, it's like box and do Pilates. Yeah, There you go. That's better. So white too. Yeah. Yeah. If we're organized and we're in a ring, I'll probably fuck you up if we the street and shit.


I'm like, I don't really want to go do all that. Okay. But, but yeah. Yeah. I used to go through through that kind of stuff all the time, but I just wasn't really funny enough back then. Mm. That's the way, you know, like you, you have the ideas, you just don't got the skills to execute it. It's not silly enough yet. And then eventually I think you could develop the skills and then you could say even wilder jokes, but in a way where people find it kind of funny and silly. Now that's something I never heard you say. I never heard you say you didn't feel like you was funny enough back then because how do you Develop That as look back as I look back, like, you know, like there was, I, I had funny jokes, but I also just didn't have the skill to execute some other ones. So it would just be, I Just say some wild shit and I'm like, yeah, this is funny. And then, you know, sometimes the jokes would work and then sometimes they just really wouldn't work. But I feel like now I'm getting closer to a point where even if somebody hates the topic I'm talking about, I can make it funny enough where they could, they could laugh at it.


You talked about the censorship era being good for comedy because it set like certain boundaries, like whatnot to sex whatever, Bitch. Oh yeah. It got to be naughty. Yeah. But, but so having those boundaries and then you saying you look back at your old tape, you weren't as funny, so you had to develop. Yeah. So you have like, there's a whole system behind you of like, you, like you sit and watch your highlight tapes and you use all of that to come. Oh Yeah. I also think censorship, like in a weird way, I, I don't believe in censorship, but the fact that it exists makes you have to be sharper. Mm. You know, like if, if you could we're in the air, if you could say anything right now and comedy will probably get a little bit more like absurdist and irreverent because you could say anything. So there's nothing that's like too edgy. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So now comedy usually gets like a little like weird and out there, you know, like remember that?


Remember Zach Gki? Remember him? Yeah. 2, 2, 2 Ferns. Oh my guy. Yeah. Yeah. I Used to Love him. Yeah. No, Zach's great. Emini here. Two Ferns, that type type of comedy where it's not like, here's a political take, but it's more like he's a character and it's a little weird. That type type of comedy gets popular when you could say anything. And then when you know censorship comes back, usually the guy's like a Chris Rock, you know, Emini here. Just these like historic figures. They, But that's why I think well-crafted, just, that's why the life special is actually special. 'cause well-crafted jokes have to make a comeback now because we live in a world where everybody just says any or wild shit. Yeah. But what's the, what's the joke? How are you packaging it? I agree. You know what, Emini here. Yes.


Yeah. And, and people will give you that liberty. Like if it, if it's good, if the joke is good, they'll let you rock with it. Even if they don't like the topic or even the opinion they, you know, they're, they're like, oh, okay, I know what you were trying to say. Also, the life one is just like, so it's so personal and it's so vulnerable. I think I get a little leeway with the other shit I had to watch. Sorry to cut you off. I had to watch it twice. I'm not gonna hold you. No, I I don dunno if you going like celebrate it, but, okay. So the first time I watched it, maybe because it was so personal. Yeah. Like, I was like, okay, where's the fu? Like, I, I wasn't laughing at everything. I was like, Oh really? Okay. Yeah. But it was because I was trying to follow the story and I'm like, wait, like lowkey you, like that was, that had to be tough for you. Yeah. And then I went back again And I watched it and it was funny.


Good. And I was like, okay. But I'm like, I, I don't know why I had to, I've never had to do that well ever With anybody. The fact that you, you watch it twice, Emini here. That to me is, is great. And you know, whatever you get out of it. That's awesome. Did you feel a little bit retarded that you didn't get it the first time? It wasn't that I didn't get it. I think when I, because that was my first time ever seeing you do standup. Yeah. Yeah. And I've heard so much about you. I think I instantly just thought I was gonna be like, oh my God. And, but I was like, no, wait, he y'all couldn't have a baby. Yeah. And like, there's all this stuff that was there. I think I, my my empathy for you came in. Yeah. And I I didn't find it funny. Yeah. And then the second time the empathy was removed and I'm like, oh, he, he's funny. Yeah. Yeah. But I didn't Get the take. Yeah. I didn't get it. But I've never, I brought that up because I'm wondering like, is there, is that on purpose?


Well, there's a, there's an interesting thing that like, so the beginning of the special, I say we had the baby specifically for that reason, is that I felt like the audience would be too concerned and distraught. So if you paid attention to the beginning, you might've felt better. Well, I did hear that in the beginning And I watch you a brilliant idiot. So I know you had the baby, but I think it just, it felt so heavy because you don't necessarily hear it meant, and you talked about this in a special like, yeah, no, No. A Hundred percent men talking about okay we couldn't have the baby because it was my fault. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, you know what, Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, he is laughing and joking, but like as a man, I can't, that probably, it probably still strokes your ego a little bit when you talk about It.


No, honestly, no. Like, it's, it's weird. It, at first I dealt with it, right? Like, so my sperm, my sperm doesn't swim. That's like the issue that I talk in the, I heard The, the joke that Taylor dropped too on What? Yo Taylor killed me. She said Yeah 'cause we, I beat her in a race and then I was saying something to her, she was like, yeah, I run faster than your sperm. It was bad. Yeah, it was bad. I remember that. And nobody Knew it. We knew at the time when he was dealing with the people, But the people line. Yeah. So I remember that too. But go ahead. So It was like, that's a tough room over there. Oh no. It was brutal. But the joke was fantastic. Like, you gotta keep it in. So Yeah. So it is like when, when I thought it was my wife's fault, which is what every guy thinks that's going through fertility shit is I felt uncomfortable talking about on stage because that's like her very deep personal business.


And a lot of women feel incredibly insecure Right. About that. Right. It makes him feel less of a woman, et cetera. Right. Once I found out it was my fault, I remember the doctor said, I was like, what's the deal? The doctor was like, you, your, your sperm swims like drew ski and a rip tide. Damn. They said you were a CC Plus. Oh, okay. Which I feel like he just said the plus so I could feel better about myself, which was nice of him. But immediately after that I start going, what the fuck is wrong with me? Like, why, you know, like, does God not want me to have kids? Like it's like you have like this really weird, like weak.


And then once we decided to go through the, I actually want to like beat the, the system, I was like, no, I think I could do it anyway. Like I, I got like really competitive and then every time that we would try my, and it didn't work, my wife would like cry. And I felt like it was really selfish if we just didn't go through this other process. Second we went with the other process. I felt really comfortable talking about it on stage. Like actually once I found out it was me, I felt comfortable talking about the stage 'cause it wasn't like my wife's issue. And I'm like exposing her like deep dark secret. Right. And when I started talking about it on stage, man, the amount of people that would like come up to me and send me these dms, like these beautiful things about like what they're going through. And I eventually IVF and like eventually having kids and like, you really get to see how, I think we talk so much about how people are trying to like avoid kids or they're upset that they got a girl pregnant.


And there's like all this like negativity around kids. When you talk to IVF couples, you are are, are talking to the people that face the reality. They might never bring life into this world. And then by the grace of God, we're able to see this thing that they've cherished and maybe we're trying to, to make for years. So you have the most gratitude for your child, right? Yeah. It's real. You see how much of a blessing it is. Oh My God. So it's like, you see the way the people react and how emotional they get about their children. And it's like you get this just this beautiful and then the people who had kids and it was kind of easy for them. They'll send me these messages about like the gratitude they have for their kid. And they didn't realize that, you know, they, it was kind of lucky for them.


So yeah, it was, it was really, it was a really cool thing that I did not expect. I thought I was gonna be the only one going through this shit. Dead ass. It's a, it's a tight knit community. Like most people don't necessarily realize like I, you know, I got six kids so the first four bang 'em out. God damn. We were trying to have the fifth one. Yeah. And we couldn't get pregnant. So we tried IVF. Oh really? Yeah. We tried IVF Wow. Paid for it because insurance didn't cover it. That's right. Was expensive as a mother s right? Yeah. To the point when, when we had the powerhouse concerts, a pair, I would have to give my wife the shot. 'cause you have to give her a shot at a certain time and You gotta make it, it's like a cocktail. It's like Had to make it At home. They're giving you syringes. Yeah. So in the middle of the concert, I'm in the back doing the shot, this, that, and the other, other, and it still didn't work. So we was like, f it, we we took it as well. Maybe God said four is enough.


Yep. But At least you had four. Imagine the ones that have zero. One one just got off of It. You, it happened, it Happened bro. Naturally. Which was the craziest thing ever. Sometimes it's The stress, like I know it's the most, it's the dumbest thing. And you guys probably Emini here, you know about this just because all the mental health stuff you do, but like the way that your brain can play tricks on your body that you got, you put so much pressure on like having a kid and your body reacts negatively like that. Like there's a lot of people who try IVF it works and then the next kid they have naturally and it's just your body goes, all right, it's kid time. Like now you're not so stressed, you got one. And that might be it. You guys went, alright. You know, if we're supposed to have four, that's what we're Supposed to have said. No more. Forget it, don't worry about it. And Then you stopped trying and immediately Bang.


Two more, two More, two more. Yo women that don't have kids, imagine how they would feel if they knew how many abortions certain women got, bro. Yeah. When I was going through this, I was like, I don't even understand who gets abortions. Yeah. Like I was, it was so hard for us to get pregnant. I didn't even know that it was about like my sperm or her eggs. Yeah. I was like, who's getting abortion? Like, like yeah. How is this possible? Once I knew Yeah, I saw it. But yeah, it's a deep, I'm glad you spoke about it 'cause so many people dealing with it. Like we, we talked about it in the book, that when you do it, so many people hit you. You'd be surprised And shocked. It's, it's the last taboo thing and people are feel so insecure about it. 'cause you don't want your partner to be embarrassed. So like, if I'm telling you it was easier than it was me. If it was my wife's ovaries, I don't think I'd ever talk about it.


Right. Because it could be humiliating for women. Yeah. For dudes. Yeah. It's humiliating for me. But like as a comedian, I think I'm a little like, I find the the joy in that humiliation. You're funny in anything. Yeah. Yeah. It's just, it's easy for me to deal with and, but I, but I'll tell you, after, after talking about it and seeing all the other people going through it, it's like yeah. That's why honestly when we had Trump on, there was like three things that I wanted to ask him and one of 'em, I wanted him to say publicly that he would, he would protect IVF. So let's talk about that. Yeah. How did you meet Trump? How did y'all get to like, how were y'all together? So We cool. They reached out. They reached out and they were like, do you wanna have him on? And we were like, yeah, we wanna do in the studio. And then they were like, ah, we can't do it. And the studio like, you know, char know, it's like, it's a, you guarantee the assassination, it's like Windows everywhere.


It's like, I Don't even know why we were trying, like you walk right Out the elevator, it's Windows everywhere. Right, right, right. Rights bad, but, but Right. Like, Jesus, you know, I hope that doesn't happen, but you know, so, but we were really pushing for that. And then, and then when we did the pod, I, yeah, I like spoke to his kid for a while before And I spoke to Dana White. Which one? Junior. Okay. No, junior. And I was like, yeah, just tell me some stories and like, I just kind of, the party wanted to say again The party. You talked about the party. Oh yeah. So he told me about that one. He told me that. Yeah. Yeah. He, there's a part I didn't say on the interview, but, 'cause I said he just went up to the roof and kicked everybody out. But like, what Junior told me is he was in his underwear. Mm. So like, just imagining, imagine Trump, Donald Trump in his Underwear.


No, Junior. For, for the people who haven't seen the interview, Schultz in the, the group, they talk about Donald Trump Jr. Had a like a huge party crazy party. Yeah. Yeah. And then they had to throw everybody out because Trump found out about the party. Well, Yeah, he wasn't supposed To be back. Yeah, he wasn't supposed to be back. It was kinda like something on like a movie. Yeah. Like dad comes home, but he like never mentions it. Yeah. So Trump Jr. Is like, it almost like it didn't happen. Exactly. They never Talked about it. We didn know he was in his underwear. So that party got real crazy. Yeah. That was the first time he addressed it in like 40 years or something like that. He never addressed it with his kid. You know, There's a guy in this room, a young black male who said he watched Trump on flagrant. He goes, yo, he goes, that flagrant interview's gonna get Trump elected On that guy that you're talking about.


He's been maga for a while. Mm. No, I'm not gonna, I just wanna let y'all know, not hold y'all. He was, he was waiting for that moment. I thought the same way. That was the first time I looked at him as like a person. I was like, why am I like, I was like, oh my God, he's a granddad. He cares about his kids. Like, ugh. But it was like, y'all made him, he was having a good time goal. It Was Joseph's Fault basically. Yeah. It's my fault. It's My fault. Well that, that and the commercial where a young, another young black guy in, in this room did a commercial that Trump used and played over And I met The guy who made that commercial and Over and over again, What did he say? Yeah. He was like, Hey thanks Charmagne really helped us out with that one. I bet Emini here. That commercial was unbelievable.


So it, It was awful. The World Is crazy everywhere. It is really crazy that The election was decided in this room. Right now We don't get enough credit. But did Do you get that response from people though? Like, yo, y'all humanized somebody that like we low key Even even when he got shot, I felt like people were like, oh, we don't want that to happen. But so What I'd say to people, And I have like a way more humble take than I think most, like, I don't think that we had any impact on the election. I don't think that I agree any of the podcasts. Like I think that America, I think what America had decided is a lot of America weren't voting for Trump. They were rejecting the current administration. They just didn't like what was happening. And I think the way that the current administration was campaigning, they're basically kind of saying, Hey, everything's good.


We're gonna kind of keep doing this. And I think a lot of Americans were like, I don't really feel like it's good so I'm gonna go for anything but this. But I think the idea of Trump is always, he's a populace. So if you vote for him, it means you love him and you're obsessed with him and you're maggots till you die. Where I think a lot of it is really just rejection in the same way that when people voted for Biden, they ain't really vote for Biden. They voted against the chaos of Trump in That first and the chaos of The World at that time. Yes, it was Covid, it was George Floyd. But also we, we talk about this, America had this mind made up for two years that they was voting for Trump. We knew that. Like it is not like we knew that we were saying that. We were saying Biden needed to step down because we knew Biden wasn't gonna win in November.


It wasn't until the vice president, you know, became the nominee that it was like, okay, well maybe. Right, maybe, maybe there is another option. But everybody knew It is. It is not. So what do you think about Everything that Trump's doing now? Well what specifically? There's A whole lot Emini here. There's so many orders. You love the Gulf of Mexico Stuff between Oh, I love That. I saw that on Joe. Joe Rogan. Right? I think it was Megan Kelly. Oh, okay. But yeah, I love the, yeah, the Gulf of America Emini here. It's Gulf of America. Yeah. Emini here. It iss North America, central America, south America. Why we call it the Gulf of of Mexico. Mm. It should feel like the Gulf of America. It's not the Gulf of North America. It's just the Gulf of America. But again, I, what I like is just like, I like saying audacious shit. I'm an American. Like Americans in general, like in our DNA, we're like, we like risk takers and we like people who are brave.


And I think that's like the tricky thing for Democrats right now. And keep in mind, Charlemagne to God here


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit star's original series Raising Canaan is coming back The new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite. Canaan Start originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss. Watch the new season of Raising Canaan only on Stars and the Stars app.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather. Weather conditions


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


And I'm like a lifelong Democrat. I grew up in an arts family. Both my parents were dance teachers. Like I live in New York City my whole life. So what I need is some energy on the democratic side. We talk about this all the time, is I need some like shit talk, I need some bodacious shit talk. And I think the thing that really Americans care about right now is that it's it's things are expensive, right? And I, I think Democrats need their build the wall and whatever that is, it has to tap into what people are struggling with right now. So if it's they First have to build the team, well exactly. You know, but yo, it could just be one outsider. Like, like I think it's dollar eggs. Like eggs are a dollar. I think you just start saying shit like that. It doesn't matter if you don't know how to do it, but you start saying something that's gonna resonate with people.


And that's the only way. And I think that if they make it a class issue, they win this election pretty easily come the next election. But they're afraid to do that. 'cause a lot of them are in the pockets of the billionaire class and the corporations. That's right. So they make it about identity politics. They, it's all these people that go to like Harvard and Yale that like pretend to give a fuck about you guys. They don't actually give a fuck about you guys, but they get patted on the back for pretending to do it. And now they're in this situation where the rest of America's like, I can't afford eggs so I can't really care about the bathroom. Like I don't give a fuck about who goes in the bathroom 'cause I need to buy eggs until I can buy eggs. I don't worry about the bathroom. So you gotta start addressing people where their problems are And you know, it's proven that point when you look at like Gavin Newsom on his podcast with Charlie Kirk, right? He wants it so bad, bro, that motherfucker's thirsting Him.


Exactly. But you see how quick he is to distance himself from trans athletes and stuff like that. So now it's like, oh, so you never cared. No, They never Cared. You never gave a fuck. It was just all about politics for you. Yes. It's all about that for all politicians though. Absolutely. But some people show it better than others. Some people act like they care better than others. Yeah. You need to learn how to lie better. And, And I don't think Democrats are gonna win so easily in 2028. I think that America be, I think because the Democrats are in such disarray re America will say, you know what, just gimme a a, a sensible Republican. Just gimme a traditional conservative. Yeah. Like gimme a Nicki Haley. Just somebody, just a regular conservative. Yeah, I can deal with that. Yeah. I think that's what's gonna happen. Yeah. That Emini here, that could, that could definitely happen. I think there just has to be something like, like radical and disruptive on the Democrat side.


And I think that they're also concerned, they're playing this like prevent defense and they're really concerned about like ostracizing a group. Like if I say this, will women be upset if I say this? Well, will black people be upset if I say this Will trans be upset? And it's actually like a harder position to be in, to be a Democrat. You're the party of progress. You have to push shit forward And you gotta please everybody And you gotta please everybody. That's What is impossible. Conservatives are actually trying to pull shit back. It's a way easier position to be in, to be like, all right, we went too far forward. But I think what Democrats need to do is just start listening to everyday working class people. I don't like, I think Democrats are too stuck in the Ivy League. It's, there's too much like pretentious finger wagon. That's not what everyday Americans are.


And you need to get the working class back immediately and you're not gonna get that back when you just got a bunch of these like super rich nepo babies telling poor people how they should think and who should they should vote for. Like I don't want you to tell me, tell if you never had a job. You can't tell me who I should vote for. Simple as that. You like Ja and Crockett though? I love That girl. But like, that's the type of language that I wanna start. I, I want, I want people to start using like when she said Putin, your you're Putin's hoe. I don't care. I don't agree with that sentiment. Actually my Favorite soundbite from her That night. But I, I like the, I like the energy. Yeah. Because what people like about Trump, despite him being like a billionaire who got money from his dad, right? He doesn't talk like them. He talks like me and you, the Indian journalist is asking him a question.


Dibble dabble. Dibble dabble. And then all of a sudden what? Dibble dabble, dibble dabble. And then he goes, I don't know what the hell that guy just said. That to me is the most relatable thing I've ever seen in my entire life. I, I go, yeah, that's what I would've said. That's what he would've said. That's what you would've said if we were just hanging around on the corner talking. So you like Trump because you don't feel like it's political. He's just Himself. I'm not saying, that's not saying the reason why I like him. Okay. I'm saying the reason why people relate to him. Gotcha. Despite him being a billionaire. Gotcha. Because that's the thing Democrats don't seem to understand. They're like, they say that we're in the pockets of the rich, but there's a rich guy right there. Why do they relate to him? It's like, do you see how he talks to people? He called shorty Pocahontas in the middle of the fucking Senate Hearing yo. And you know what? She's sitting right there.


It's been normalized so much that that wasn't even a headline. They like, oh that's his. She Sit there and take it. Yeah. Pocahontas over here Pointed at it. Ain nobody cared. Talking about Elizabeth Warren I know. Wasn't even a headline. Nobody gave a damn. But he's making fun of African Nations. He's like, we gave 40 million to Otto. Nobody knows what that is. That's Hilarious. Like, Especially being that I didn't know what it was. Neither did I. Was that a real nation? Oh, when they was running down and Suffolk at the City Union, it'd been I thought that that was all jokes. That was real. That's What I'm saying. Yo, they would've Slapped if he'd said Wakanda, he would've said 5 billion to Wakanda Running. That's the contract we need. That's the, I need that vibranium.


I want to ask too, because you, you was talking about walking a line. Yeah. You walk a a, a dope line because you have white fan base. Yeah. And black fan base. Yeah. Is that difficult for you? I got, well I say I got the most because you, You jokes go everywhere with It. I got the most diverse audience in comedy. It's not even close. Like it is just like, you come to my show looks like the un So it's like, it, it, it's like to me it's for, in my experience in my life, I'm a pretty curious guy. So like if I find out something about your culture, where you're from, whatever, I like talking about it and I'm gonna make jokes about just 'cause that's my way of communicating The World. What I found is, is like when you make fun of people based on things that they're proud of or they haven't realized about themselves, they don't feel offended.


They feel kind of seen, they feel noticed and they appreciate it. So all these different groups would start coming out to shows, you know. And I was like, oh this is really fucking cool. And when you ever, when everybody comes out to the show, we all kind of submit to this idea like everybody's gonna be made fun of. We all gonna laugh at each other. We're gonna laugh at ourselves. And it's a cool little beautiful thing. So to me it's never been like, like black people found out about me before. White people, like I'm doing brilliance with him. Like Guy Code, to be honest, black people were on way before white people Emini here eventually towards the end seasons of Guy Code. I think it like just crossed over. But early on MTV two was more like hip hop related. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I think, I think It was the Rogan Rogan. I think white people started to find me and then like, you know, Indians found me.


Obviously I do the pod with Osh, but also some standup clips that would go viral out there. Albanians would see me from some clip and like all these different groups would come out. And yes, my favorite thing of looking out in the audience, but I used to go to comedy clubs when I was on tour and, and the, the owners would be like, 'cause it'd be all black people for the weekend and they would think I was like Gary Owen or something like that. They were like, what the fuck is going on? Gary never called you like, man, what's the secret man Is, how do you get white people? The fuck I got black people. Damn. I can't White people. Yeah. What about, and because you said when people, you make people feel good 'cause they feel seen. But what about in the moments where you're making people, like things that they, people don't wanna be seen for.


You're bringing that up and they're upset. Like I know black women was really upset at you for a second. Yeah, But I, I would say that they're upset for like a joke that I tried to make on the pod. And like the problem with the pod Emini here, I love pod, don't get me wrong. It's like, it's not really jokes, it's just like mounds of clay. A joke on stage is like a statue. You know, you've like molded it, carved it. Like You can't work out on a pot. Yeah. But you can. But it's going to be bad. It's prob And like, so like what I always say to people is like, first of all, if like I'm making a joke, I'm like teasing you about something, right? And, and you go to me, Hey, that kind of makes me feel uncomfortable. I'm never gonna tease you again. 'cause I don't want you to be uncomfortable really about that thing.


You don't Tell Charlamagne you, you are uncomfortable. This wig I don't about that's not you. She's lying. That's not A wig. It's what? That's what you say. That's not a you trying the black women back. Huh? What period? That's her real hair. Get outta Here. I know. That's from the Scout baby. Oh My God. Yes. That is Beautiful. Period. What you looking at over there? Yeah. What are you looking at over There? I'm not looking at nothing. Thank you. That you bought. Okay. Alright. Right. So, So what I'm saying is like, I would never, like if I, if I have a joke where I'm just like teasing you for whatever, and you're like, Hey, that actually makes me feel uncomfortable. Like, my goal is not to make you feel uncomfortable. So I'll never tease you about that again. That doesn't mean I won't tease other people about that.


Mm. But to you specifically, I won't. So if there's somebody at a comedy show and she like, they're upset about something. Here's a perfect example, girl at a comedy show. I was saying some joke about some topic. I forget exactly who it's, she gets up and starts to walk out, right? This is like a little comedy club. And I'm like, I'm like, where you going? And she's like, oh, I just, just gotta step out. I go, why? And she's like, oh, I just, I, I don't wanna, I don't wanna make it about me. I go, man, what's the deal? She goes, oh, it's just like the topic. And some of the people in the audience started to like boo her for being like, like offended or whatever. And I go, you don't boo her. She's doing what we all wish an audience member would do. Yeah. She's going, Hey, I feel uncomfortable. I don't wanna affect everybody else's time here.


I don't wanna make this show about me. Right. I'm just gonna step out. And I'm like, wow. Like you are just like the most emotionally intelligent person in the room right there. I don't ever wanna make her feel uncomfortable. So one-on-one, I'm not gonna do that. But I'm not gonna stop joking around about a whole idea just because it makes one person uncomfortable. I used to watch, go to Paul Mooney shows. Oh my God. People would walk outta Paul Mooney shows immediately all the time. And it was always white people. Yeah. They would always leave. They was offended. Like, I'm leaving a hundred percent. And they wouldn't make no noise about it. They would just get up and leave and Paul would be like, oh, why are you leaving? Ah, yeah, it's not for me. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah. That's the perfect thing. If if it's not for you, it's not for you. Be out. Exactly. But there might be someone who finds it funny. So that's the tricky thing where it's like one individual shouldn't decide what everybody finds funny.


But in terms of the thing you were talking about, like yeah, if, if black women are upset at that thing that I said, yeah, you're totally allowed to be upset. This, there's this rule that like a lot of comics say like people aren't allowed to be offended. You're allowed to feel however you want feel. Especially if you don't know me. Like if you know me, you know my attentions, you're like, you know, I'm just trying to bust balls and like make a fucking stupid joke. And maybe the joke wasn't that funny, but like, my intentions are always good if you don't know me, you just see it. You're like, oh, what the fuck is this asshole? So I'm not even upset at, at your response. Like you, That was my first take. Yeah. And then we talked about it in the room, like me and Charla. 'cause my first take was like, well who is he to even like, you're welcome. Thanks for we we're welcoming you here. Yeah. Be a guest. A hundred Percent. But I say, well, It's my Pod. But yeah.


Emini here. But just in our world of like black women and what we deal with French tropes. Yeah. But I will say after watching the special and after, you know, having conversations with Charla, I'm like, Emini here A joke is a joke is a joke. Like, granted some people are still gonna be upset. They probably be upset that I just said that. Yeah. But it, it depends on the person. Oh yeah. And you can't win. You gotta figure out where you, what, what line you gonna tread. I also think those, those two dudes from a thing, like they're in a tricky situation because like they, I think they had said that they didn't find women in Atlanta attractive. And I think a lot of black women in Atlanta were like, oh shit, are you trying to say you don't like black women? Right. But Don't get me started on them. They came out and apologized down. Okay. They gave like five renditions of an apology. Yeah. And they can still stay where they at. But, And I think, but I think it's 'cause people see you have to learn, You see through the bullshit.


Like, you know, some sellouts when you see 'em. So it's not like it's, it's so they're trying to like position it. They try to put it on me. And some people fell for the bait. Like Ryan Clark fell for the bait and like made a whole like, clout moment out of it when he didn't even realize like, the thing you should be addressing is the two clowns that are basically saying black women are ugly. And then laughing at the joke on the other podcast. So it's like, that's the issue, not the comedian making a joke about a hypothetical situation. Well I, we can move on after this. I'll argue that all of you guys were a part of the problem in that moment. But I think again, it's to each its own. I didn't like though that they threw it one way and didn't take accountability for the fact that like, y'all were actively engaged. And it's fine if you wanted to do that. But, But they threw it all on shirts. Oh. They were like, we should have, we should.


We were uncomfortable. We just didn't wanna say anything in the moment. We were just trying to get through and it's like, y'all weren't victims. Were laughing. Stop. Y'all were not victims, y'all. I never saw it. Y'all were actively engaged. You shut up. Y'all were actively engaged and y'all were having a good time. Yeah, I never saw it. This guy is crazy. No, they're not uncomfortable. The only time they're uncomfortable is around beautiful black women. Obviously. Jesus. Damn. Especially Western, some Atlanta everywhere. That is a good question though. How has podcasting changed the way you approach, I guess, comedy And after, you know, these, these couple of recent situations, the situation I, these situation I saw, but how, how is it approached, how you discuss things now? Do You care? You know?


Yeah. Care is like an interesting one. Like, I guess I could deal with people not liking me. 'cause these things a lot of times are momentarily. Like they, they'll, they'll not like you for a few weeks or they think they won't like you and then they'll move on to somebody else that they don't like, et cetera. So that's not really like the big, big issue. You know? It is just, it is one of those things where I go like, all right, if I'm, if I'm shooting and it's on something, like, if it's on something really wild, I want to make sure that I could, I ideally that shot is, is amazing, you know? But I'm gonna fail. Like, you don't make funny jokes every single time. And I, And I like shooting. That means I'm gonna shoot and miss a lot, you know, but I, I just got it basically understand that like, there are gonna be people that don't know me and however they interpret me, I, I can't control that.


Like there are people that think I'm like some right wing maga lunatic. And I, I literally, as much as I would want them to be like, bro, you've never had a conversation with me. Like, you, you don't know anything about my life. You, you can't do That. Yeah. You're just a limited, it's too many People in The World. I'm just a luna. Exactly. So it's like you can't control how people, how people feel about you and you just have to continue, at least to, in my opinion, just put out good art. And when I have the opportunity to put out like a good piece of art, like hopefully the special does that. Like hopefully you see the most distilled version. We were talking about this yesterday. Like, you know, when he puts out a book, it's the most distilled version of his thoughts. And there's less fat for you to interpret in a shitty way. Right. When I'm on a pod just shooting shit, there's tons of fat for you to interpret.


When you see the special, I feel like you get a really distilled version of like how I think and how I feel. If you get offended by something that's special, I could really live with that because I've worked hard to make it pierce through even like the sharpest armor or the, the, the most protective armor. And I do get that. I, I do also wanna ask, do you still want to make love to Kendrick Lamar? God Emini here? Like honestly it's hard to say no to that. You find 'em attractive? Yeah, man. Did you see him in them? Celine jean, Them jeans. When I saw those jeans, I was like, boom, bop b bop boom bop bow. You gotta stop, stop it up. Stop. Ask that for real.


I know it was a joke, but why do you think people Got so upset, upset about that bro? So made that shit raise him so fast. I'm just saying he's little like, I hate having to explain jokes. He's itty bitty. So why is he telling he's gonna kill my telling people to kill my friends? The biggest thing about this whole shit that nobody, I didn't even care that he said this shit about like me not saying jokes like that to me is like a million people have said not say jokes. The next line where he goes into the nm words that koon and the N-word being groomed, slide on both of them. What does slide mean to y'all? Take you out. But that's because Emini here. Oh no, ain't no explaining here. If you an enemy, you, if you say kill my friends, everything after that is fine. You took it there. If you say kill my friends, because a lot of people thought that was Charlemagne and Alex Media.


So if you go the next line, you tell your fans to kill my friends, you getting made love to Listen. I appreciate my friend trying to stick up for me. But I don't think he was talking about, no, I don't think it about, but How are we supposed to know, you know what Emini here, like I didn't say anything for weeks. That was the other thing, like people ran with these different narratives. They tried to act like after what I said I was worried about like getting death threats and shit. It was like, no, I was getting at the second they said it for two weeks. I didn't say shit. I feeling my special. I don't, I didn't really give a fuck. And then after that I was like, yo, we're gonna have some fun with this. But I don't like this idea that like, I'm this big bully. It's like you told your people to kill my friends after you say that or that's the potential interpretation.


Yeah. If somebody said in a rap song to kill your friends. But do you understand though that he, that that was in response to him feeling like you came at what he would deem his friends or his people or people he's trying to protect talking about. Right. So say Make fun of my friends. But if you in the street, if you outside you outside, you can't choose whether you out or in it's like you out or you in. Okay. So then if, if he wants to play by those rules, then don't be surprised at the response. That's what I'm saying. It feels like he's inside or and outside. Plus it's a weird matchup, right? Because you got a rapper, right, who's a prolific rapper and then you got a comedian who's willing to say anything for the joke. So it's not even just like, what are we doing here guys? I think it's 'cause it's platforming. It's like people listen to you and your voice in your podcast.


That's why that, that's why that stuff went so viral because you got the numbers and then he has it too. So at the moment he's like, okay, how we know he Wasn't talking about Gary Owens? That's that's a good Point. First of ain't nobody, we Don't know. That's A good Whoa. I didn't know y'all Gary, Gary was the first person to jump Out. I'm not about to about To twist That. Gary, Gary was the first person to, In that moment, we knew exactly what he was talking about. Because I heard And I knew exactly what he was talking About. I didn't think it was, I didn't think it was me. I was like, why was he talking about me? Because of The the shits and giggles and all the laughs And I thought he talking About right. Black Women. Yeah. Maybe he was talking about Matt. That's what I like. He gotta be talking about mad rap kept saying he, he was talking about me And I was like, wait a, if he's talking about me and is he telling people to kill my friends? Well I gotta do something about this.


I gotta Do something. I got, I gotta do Something. Like I'm not a tough guy. You know, I'm a certified lover boy. Oh my God. But you're always gonna be perceived as the bully 'cause you're a white man. Is That Right? A hundred percent. I just thought it's Because I'm that, is that right? Like me? Oh, I thought you mean, is that right? No, it's not. No. What you mean? No. Like no, like, am I, am I bully? Like I I just thought it was a No, I don't think you a bully. I Thought it's a size differential. That's what I thought it was. No, It's a, it's a, You think there's a racial dynamic? Duh. Yeah. I guess I didn't know. Yeah, Of course. And it is the, it is the privileged conversation. It's like what you can get on the planet. Yeah. Like the shits and giggles guys. They had to, I don apologize 60 times. You, you know, You said something that's not as interesting.


You said it's the privileged conversation. You know, we all can say whatever it is we want to say. You just gotta be able to deal with the consequences. That's the thing. It don't matter if you black, white get, most people Can't. Exactly. And most people don't have the platform. And they're not, they're not Teflon don. Like you, they don't have 15 years of the game. They not picked up by Fox News and CNN Shave Room like you other, other people. Right. Shit. Period. Shit. When he's a political tape, everybody's listening. He know that. He just wanna hear It. Fox's got a guy with glasses And a bow tie listening to every brilliant podcast waiting for Charlotte Mayne to say one bad thing about the Democrats. And I honestly don't even think about stuff like that. But, but It's the truth though, because you have a platform that a lot of other people don't have.


Yes. Kendrick Lamar has a platform. So he is like, all right, bet you gonna get outside. You gonna laugh. Joke. He, he haha. Yeah, I'm outside for the, for my women front of the black women. Oh, and Halluc Kendrick. 'cause Kendrick does what he wants to do and he gets rewarded for it. Yeah. Like you can do that. This whole thing got blown out of proportion. Like honestly, I think he's like obviously a prolific rapper. He's, you know, he's, it's not my, the thing that I listen to all the time, but like to say he's not like fantastic at what he does is ridiculous. And I have a lot of respect for anybody that puts something out for judgment. I think there are a lot of people who like, they just make reaction content, right? So they don't really know what it's like to like create a piece of art and put it out there in The World and let The World judge It. They have to deal with that. That takes balls. And I admire people to have balls.


Balls. So how you feel about Trump's trans executive orders? What'd he do? His executive orders? He got rid of trans, he got Rid of trans what? Women They not around anymore. According to him, he said two man and woman. But That is, that is, yeah, that is how it is though. Isn't that how it is? Every Son know Shine, but the sun still come up. Well, Here's the thing, I think there are trans people. No, there, there are. But yeah, this Trump doesn't recognize him. Yeah, but that he, he's allowed to like you can't force me to recognize Him. He's allowed to not believe. Yeah, but that don't mean that it's not true Bro. I was watching Squid game if they didn't have the numbers. I don't know if I'm recognizing What, do you know what Emini here?


Like if they didn't number 'em, I don know if I'm recognizing every one What they come to do with Drake. Wait, I don't know really. I don't really know what I'm saying right now. Listen, let me apologize. Before an Asian rapper comes from me. Jen, I'm sorry, Jen. Jen hits me up. All the shout out Jen. I get what you mean by the numbers now. Oh God. Oh my God. God don't ever watch comedy. I took her to watch comedy. Watch comedy. Jesus Christ. Let her watch comedy. God, I get it. But wait back to your special real quick. Yeah. I get I bit of a Weight. I was thinking, And I know you and your wife have been together for some years, so this is like a hypothetical question for referral.


Yeah, sure, sure, sure. Or more of an ego question. I love it. Love it, love it. At any point when that was happening and you found out that it was your fault Yeah. Because of, you know, just your pride and your ego being hurt, did you ever feel like, man, like what if she leaves me because I can't make this happen? I Yeah, there's a part of you that goes through that. You're just like, will she not find me like as masculine or not find me attractive? Like, will something primally happen inside her? Yeah. Where like she'll reject me because I can't do the thing we're put here to do. Dang. So you, yeah, you immediately go through that and then like that insecurity takes over and then you're like more sensitive about certain things. If she's not being sweet one day you're like, oh, is that it? You know? Did she, she stop. So this shit tears apart relationships. That's why I tell people like, if you find out there's a problem, do I-V-I-V-F immediately instead of like going through the emotional turmoil?


Right. That could break you guys up. But, but no, she's like, Emini here. This is like a little thing in the special nobody would really understand or even probably catch. But like the first joke I make in the special is about this, you know, about, about guys who say we are pregnant. And I was insulting to women and then I say, yeah, it's like my wife when my wife says that we made a lot of money, right? The last piece to the special is when my wife is, is saying, you know, when, when she thought that she lost the baby and I'm apologizing, I'm like, I'm so sorry that this is my fault and you gotta bear the burden. And she goes, you don't have problems, we have problems.


We'll do it together. Oh. So it's this idea that like in this be in the beginning I'm having this really selfish thought of like, I make the money in the house. And then when she's dealing with the toughest thing she's ever dealt with in her life, she's, that's my fault. She's still taking on some of it because we're together. So it's, yeah, you find out who people are in these tough situations. That's a Good woman. I'm, I got A good one. I have a Good woman. I got a good woman. What, what is Your conversations like with 50? I know, I know. Yeah, 50 is, 50 is The goat, right? I know he's, he's, he loves you as a comedian And I know you, you, you, you pull up for him. He pulls up for you. What, what's your conversation with him when all this is going on? I, yo I just, yeah.


Did he, did I hit him up or he hit me up or we, we were trying to get him on the pod and he's like, yeah, I'm pulling up. But like, he's the type of person that like, he is like, how do I explain it? It's like, you know how like in wrestling, whether the people are Boone or cheering, like as long as they're making a sound, he's the Bad guy. What makes, he's the, He's not afraid of anything. There are people that are probably like scared to do like credit Charlemagne too. Like Charlemagne could have easily been like, Hey, the heat is on you and they're gonna be upset at me doing a pod with you every single week. And he, yo let's take a few weeks off. But He's been there before so he understands I, and that, that's not, I rock with my friends show, show loyal show stands by me. So why wouldn't stand by him? Always, always. But that's just, this is like, just about your we this is real ones.


So he's the type person also who like, he doesn't care what the trend is. So many people are like motivated and moved by the trend and he's the type of person, he don't give a fuck what the trend is. And so if the, if there's like negative energy, he don't give a fuck. If there's positive he don't give a fuck. He moves to the beat of his own drum. But I remember Charlamagne said a a dope thing to me when, when I was going through that last one and there was like people, there's even people in my community, like comedians, like saying some certain things about me. And, and Charlamagne was like, yo, this is actually good. You're going through this right now. I go, why? He goes, because you're about to hit another level when the special comes out and you gotta pay close attention to who's hating now. I go, what do you mean? He goes, 'cause whoever's hating now has been hating the whole time.


Absolutely, that's Right. But they, they didn't feel comfortable coming out. They were waiting for you to look wounded. It's like laws of the jungle. You know what Emini here, like the line only attacks like the baby gazelle. Right. You know, and and like I took note bro. Yeah. I got, I yeah I got notes And I can't wait for them to fail. That's Right. The life is out right now. The life is on Netflix right now. On Netflix. Congratulations. It's number two. What is It's it's number two. Yeah, we're number two now. Get To number, Number. Well last night when I watched it, it was still, oh but they said that show was good. Which one? I heard it Was really Good. Yeah, I I didn't watch it 'cause I didn't wanna mesh your numbers up. Thank you. I said I was gonna wait Thank you. But yeah, no, I heard running point. Running point is like, it's a global sensation.


You know what Emini here, it's a and that's a Kate Hudson and Chet Hanks and salute to them. Like shout out to Chet man that motherfucker's so funny. And, but yeah, we still gotta knock them out. Oh. But yeah, it was cool. We beat a Bobby De Niro show what we had. Oh my god. Beauty in black. This has gotta be your algorithm. Beauty and Tyler Perry's beauty In Black, black, black came Back out. It's number two now he's number three. Oh Fuck no, no, no. You might be looking at the top 10. You gotta look at what That's what I was looking at. That's what I was talking about. The top 10. You Gotta look at what's trending, right. No top 10 works too. It's okay. We go have we gonna have A big weekend? Well up there that's out number. Great. I'm Happy. Go out there, watch it this weekend And I'm gonna check it out this weekend. And me and the wife gonna relax and watch it this weekend.


It's the only way to watch it by the way. If you got a wife, you and your significant other gotta watch it together. That's right. The fact that you guys went through it. Yeah. I'm, I'm really curious your your perspective. But that's why we talk, that's why we talk about it. That's why we making our business to talk about it in, in the book and we pod about it all the time. 'cause so many people came up to us and was like, yo, we were dealing with the same thing. We felt like failures and men came up to me on the side and was like, I thought it was just me. I don't know how to console my wife. But Emini here, once you get through that other side, you realize it makes you look at your child a whole lot different. Oh dude. It just is like, it's the most precious thing in The World. And if you're able to have a child, you know, you, you hold that really, really close to your heart, man. Yeah, man. And I Well thank You. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. And I that's awesome. You put in your book. I hope we de-stigmatize it. Yeah. Like I don't want people to feel ashamed of wanting to have a kid and you should have that shit by any means necessary.


Like I feel like that's the thing missing in the masculinity conversation. There's all these fucking guys out there saying what it is to be a man. None of them got kids. You know, you know What the is, is this your Feminist arc? Say again? Is this gonna be your feminist arc? I've only been a feminist bro. I'm a proud girl dad. That's Right. I told you having a girl was gonna change you. This like, how Old is your baby Girl? She's 13 months. 13 months? Okay. Wow. 13 months. Yeah. I've been trying to get you on a feminist shit for a While. I've been a feminist. I know ever since you got depressed or whatever you got Ever since you, ever since you got anxiety, they Jesus Christ. But I'm gonna be honest with you, they've gone too far. They've gone, I'm just having this conversation Lauren. They've gone too far. Okay. No, I'm on my feminist. So you already your masculine so you're back.


You gotta bring her back just a little. Bring the, you got y in the y You, you too Scared Of what? Being a girl dead. Oh yeah. It's every day is terrifying. But it's also just like the most beautiful, Rewarding thing ever. Like she just walks in the room, she's so excited. Gives me like the big hug and you're just like, Ah, this is nothing else is, Is important even In life. Alright, well let's see. Andrew show ladies and gentlemen, and don't be a stranger just because little short five foot two midget over here. Does you do a podcast? If you could still come up here. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll come up. I would love To You want to thank you guys for Oh, always, man, this is, this is legendary to be here man. It's Andrew Schultz. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club Piece of the planet.


Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the time family. However, in the eye of the storm, one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to up in the lives of the time family. Don't miss the Caar premier raising Canaan. Watch now only on Stars.


In the Stars


app. Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off, but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs. Making it worse. Ome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get ome and fix your gut. Now. Dial star, star gut to get $110 off any test. That's star. Star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer


This Valentine's Day. Celebrate every love story with Pandora. Whether it's romantic, platonic, familial, or a gesture of self-love. Pandora's Versatile Designs let you express your unique connections in meaningful ways. Each piece tells a story of love or friendship that transcends materialism. Turning every gift into a heartfelt message that connects hearts from best friends to significant others. Pandora helps you honor the bonds that make life richer and more meaningful. Make the feeling last from first sight to forever. On Valentine's Day and every day, be love. Shop Pandora Jewelry today in store or online@pandora.net.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to last and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available offroad Features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.