
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming now on Peacock.


Right on Now. Back to the Funk


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol g, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake that ass up Irv in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. Jess is on maternity leave and we got a special guest in The building. Building. Yes indeed. The icon. The legend Queens gets the money ll Cool J What's going on baby? How you feeling? Feeling Great, man. LL always got action, hero, superhero, energy when he walk in the room. Yeah. Go Vibe. Yo. I mean, that's how I feel like one right now. I mean this is like a, the good energy You. know what I'm saying? Like the You know Year 40 You. know what I'm saying? And we having a You know a conversation about my new album, You know that's a, that's a really unique position You know what I'm saying?


So it's like never been done before. I probably I 40 years. Yeah, no, no, it's never been done. And it's, it shows us that it's possible. Right. Even more importantly, it just shows younger generation and new artists as they You know, are working on their careers and as they embark in what's possible. Right. You know what I'm saying? That we could continue to You know You know, operate at a high level You know what I'm saying? And, and do things that are important culturally. And I. I just, I'm glad that I could set that example. How, how's it been being back on the road on these promo tours, doing interviews? How, how does it feel just to be, be out here because You running like a new artist. Like you doing everything. I'm like, you running, I'm like, you ain't tired. Nah, nah, I've been tired for 30 years, bro. Okay.


You kidding me? I work hard, but You know what it feels like. It feels like You know in a lot of ways. I'm a new artist, You know because there's, there's a day one audience that grew up with me and then there's an audience that knows me for all of the other things I've I've done but don't really aren't as familiar with my music when it comes to me. Like directly dropping records. So it's launching record. So it's, it feels great, man. It feels fun. I'm just having a good time with it You know what I'm saying? It's exciting to me. You know what I mean? And I think you being back out here. It shows people the reverence individuals have for you. 'cause everybody got a ll story. Like we had Ed Love up here and love was like, he wanted to be a rapper till he heard you.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's, you put the microphone down. That's funny. That's funny. Nah, ed man, ed, I remember he was, he was at my high school security. But I would say what it, what it does for me is it gives me reverence for the culture You. know what I'm saying? It makes me revere hip hop. It makes me more excited about what's in store for hip hop You know and what's possible for hip hop. You know so many amazing artists out here doing so many great things. And it's, it is wonderful to be able to show them what's possible You know what I'm saying? Like that for me is like the really exciting part of it because we are just so used to, we've grown so accustomed to like writing people off after a certain Right. You know amount of time.


It's just, it's beautiful to be able to say, no, you could continue. It doesn't, and you don't have to pretend you're in year three. When you're in year 40, you can actually be Go ahead. Were you nervous about that? Because You know in hip hop, it seems like definitely hip hop, they try to put you in a box, right? Yeah. Where they're saying, even though you got music now, they be like, oh, well you can't play on this station because he's more of a urban AC artist. But with you, I don't, I haven't seen that. I've seen you You know you are on every station. It's not just the, the older quote unquote Older stations. Yeah. Well, You know what it is. Man is You know you have a responsibility as an artist. Sonically You know at the end of the day, it's about what they, when they press play, what do they hear? Like we could talk about Google, we could talk about Wikipedias, we could talk about your resume and your plaques on the wall.


All that's great. Awards Hall of Fame sounds great, but when they press play, it's like when you are on the basketball court, can you deliver? Right? It's You know LeBron can still deliver and yet he doesn't have to be in year five. He can be in year 21 and deliver. So can ll sonically deliver like, it's like the LeBron, it's the idea of LeBron and sports, but it takes twice as long 'cause it's art. So instead of 21 years, it's 40. But the reality is, it's the same idea of can you deliver on the court. So to answer that question, that's about the sonics. It's about making joints that you love and people can appreciate You know what I'm saying? Everybody's not gonna love everything. But If, you can create stuff that people appreciate You, know what I mean?


Go get It. This album is dropping on Def Jam, which is where everything started for you a few years ago. I don't know where you were mentally about like just making music and put music out, but could you have planned this any better? Like what's that feeling like? Kinda like the full circle moment. Well, it's, it's more than a full circle moment. Right. 'cause I was a first artist on Def Jam. Right, right. And we launched the label together. You know Tila Rock had Its you Art Circle. Yeah. Yeah. So part part of the circle, you're Who you're, and that's what I mean is like, you can't predict stuff like that. You Know. Nah, you can't, you can't listen. Listen, God is great. And it's that type of timing. You know, being on Def Jam, seeing the excitement in the building, seeing the excitement in all of the people's eyes that work at the company. You know. And even the support from Virgin and Republic, the, the way they all are rallying behind this project to make sure that it, it's it's seen and heard and gets an opportunity to be listened to by people is amazing.


It feels like, it feels like winning You. know what I'm saying? In the best sense of the work You know You know what I mean? Does Ll know what losing is like though? Of course, because you said it feels like winning. But like, I don't even, like, I can't even think of what is losing ll Yeah. Yeah. Well, well I put it to you like this. I don't pay a lot of attention to that idea of losing. Right? Like I, I think about winning And. I just, I focus on the win You know. And my, my thing is If, you do have a misstep. It's an opportunity to get it right You. know what I'm saying? So valleys are just a I opportunity to find another peak that you're gonna go after. Have you ever lost a fist fight, Ella? Huh? Have you ever lost a fist fight in life? There's way. No I haven't. But And I. I And I. Hopefully. I like to, I just want, I wanna keep getting my Floyd on the record for you.


For the record. I'm not trying to talk tough 'cause I want to go through a walkthrough. Somebody go outside, we go outside. Hell, Hey real quick. I don't want Problem. They trying talk viral. You Know. You know that's what they on. Well be careful 'cause it could go wrong for too. Don't You know. Don't You know You know. You might go viral You know. Like don't You know. Leave me alone. I ain't trying to play Tough Guy. Now We're doing this, we're doing this project. Right. It's been 11 years. How did you attack it, right? Because you got Eminem on it. You got some sweetie on it. Yeah. How did you attack it to say You know what I wanna stick to, to who ll is, but I still want to keep it young. Dope and, and feeling good as well. You know You know that, that what you just said. I didn't really think about Young Dope and feeling.


I've thought about feeling good. What I more thought about was what do I love? And getting with Q-Tip Q-tip is brilliant. And Q-tip is a is a genius and he's very creative. And so the idea was just sonically doing something that moved The World and just made us, made me respond You. know what I'm saying? And I didn't do like, I didn't put se sweetie on the song because she's younger or put em on the song. I put them on it because sonically they, I felt they would sound good. We felt they would sound good on the songs You. know what I mean? So it was about the music. It wasn't about stunt casting. And then You know, like I said, man, like stunt casting.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You Know what I'm saying? Bunch of stunt casting and all that You Know. That's TV LL talking Question. That's TV money. Yeah. Well, well You know it's TV experience for sure heard you. Right? So it's like, I just wanted to do something that people would just vibe off of. Man You know, like when you listen to the whole record front to Back, You know as a body, And I know we gonna cherry pick And I know people pick songs and they go through the process. I can't tell people how to consume the music, but You know, when you listen to it, you realize like, we did everything purposely. You know. Was there any the one song that I was like, And I Don't know how difficult it was or if it was able to do like, you have a history of trying to pull together the, the toughest MCs in every mc going at it, right?


Yeah. We've seen it with, with Red Man Met the Man. 3, 2, 1. Yeah. Yeah. 3, 2, 1. And I shot you. Who shot you? Yeah, I shot, I shot You. You ever wanted to do that with this one and be like, let me pull all the MCs that's lyrical and let me, and let's have a a straight up and down Brawl who Shot deal with The V. But it's those. Well see what I did was I didn't repeat myself. I did go get great guys. Like I went and did a joint with M And. I did a joint with Nas And, I did Joints with people that really can bring it on the mic. Right? I I love doing that. Like, that's like my thing. Like I, I'm not out here. You know, I want be with the best and work with the best. But in terms of the Posse Cut idea, I really wanted to get some kids who had never had an opportunity, an opportunity.


You know I have so many stars on the album. Snoop is on the album and Busta and You know and different people that we've named, even Sona Jo Beta, who's huge You know in London, in Africa, and just a, an amazing musician. But I wanted to give some kids that never had an opportunity. I made a vow. I said, yo, I'm gonna take some kids. So I got this kid Don Polito from South Side Queens and shout out to him and Mad Squabbles from Philly and Jay Sand from Lafayette, Louisiana and put them on the song so that they could have a opportunity. That's right. So, but that being said, You know, You know. You never know. There could be remixes, You know what I'm saying? Like You know. I consider, I would consider rocking with people You. know what I'm saying? Saying it depends on what it is.


Are those the artists you working with or they just No, no, I didn't sign 'em. Okay, okay. I didn't, I didn't want nothing from 'em. I just wanted to give 'em an opportunity. Wow. I just want 'em to be on the same album with m and Snoop and ll and that's, and then give 'em my opportunity and You know You gotta make the best of it. You keep your head to this. You, I remember one time, but first of all, I wanna know how you found those guys. But I remember one time hearing you say your favorite rapper of the moment was like Peewee Longway. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was funny. He was funny. But I like a lot of different artists. Like I listened to everything You know. I I was, I was listening to the Young Nudie today, the dag on, then I was checking out You know I liked the little Dirk thing, but I liked the Cord Day. And then You know you could You know Flip it all the way to You know I like some of what Gorilla's doing.


You know some of them. Hey, all of some of them records. Yeah. You know. And I listen to all artists. I love Hip Hop You. know what I'm saying? I love hip hop culture You. know what I'm saying? People think that You know. I'm like, You know. I go home and stand up in a corner and kind of melt into the wall and like, don't know what the hell is going on in The World. But I'm actually paying attention You know what I'm saying? A hundred percent. So it's the song with Sweetie, right? Yeah. Because sweetie gets so much like people love to like throw shots at her because of like saying like, she's not lyrical, whatever. And we talk about you working with lyricists. How did you, how did y'all link up? Where is that somebody you had your ear on. What, what made you go for Sweetie? All the Girls? I thought that, I thought that I liked her on Best Friend with the You know that record And I just thought she was cool You know what I'm saying?


And I liked the name And I just thought it was cool. I was like, yo, let's put her on the joint. And that was it. And You know at the end of the day, that's a opportunity for her to be better. And she took her time and worked on that project and took her time and worked on that verse and made it right You know what I'm saying? And You know if somebody else You know wants to be on it, then You know Shoot your shot. I I mean, good luck You. know what I mean? Little Duval remixed it, little Duval remixed it and called it UNC activities. So he's rapping about doing grown stuff over the record. Okay. Well good luck with that Deval. Good luck with that, bro. Good luck with your UMT activities You. know what I'm saying? Good luck You know we, we love you Phil. We love that for you.


Unc Do you like being called UNC? When, or or do you I don't care about that man. Don't, I mean, You know what you going do because you are you all, you unc a lot. I mean, you a rich uncle. Everybody rich, but You know what ain't even about money. It's about character. Right, right. Because You know you. You can You know a lot of dudes. Like I say, a lot of dudes leave with their wallet, but there's nothing else there, You. know what I'm saying? So you can't really, it ain't always about the money. I know we like to, we are very bag centric in our culture, but in order for you to be successful, You know, like Todd made ll ll didn't make Todd. Right. You know what I'm saying? So people kind of could get that confused You know what I'm saying? Like, I I, I would have this energy regardless. I would be just be, I might You know I might be coming through your window or something, but you would get the same energy You.


know what I mean? So it's like you'd be the biggest burglar ever. Yo. But it's funny though, man, we having a good time. Yo, I be crazy. Right? Be like, yo, where's that? Where's that, where's that? Oh, grammatically incorrect. Where's that? Yo You know what I meant to ask? I was watching, I I I guess it came back up on, on social media. It was a interview with, with Jamie Fox. They were talking about You know y'all in y'all situation when y'all were shooting that movie. I was just curious. He's laughing funny. But now you gotta clear up what actually happened. 'cause he said it, it didn't happen that way that you didn't knock him out. But I wanted to know, could that happen now? 'cause back then if I, I feel like what Happened, whatever Jamie says happened is what, that's not what You really wanna say.


'cause I saw your face, you digressed a bit. Yeah, I did. Yeah, I did. Whatever Jamie says happened is what happened. I mean, I I'm good with that. Okay. Because that's my man. Okay. Like so You know. But I'm giving, I'll tell you what, Jamie knocked me out. How about that? Now you wanna make us laugh. I'm just saying. I, I mean You know. I mean whatever, whatever, whatever Jamie said happened, that's what happened. No disrespect to Jamie at all. That's my I'm saying I know. I'm just saying that. Listen, that's my dude. When somebody says, nah, he knocked me out, he beat the shit out of him. That's what me that means, that means fucker gotta prove yo yo, whatever Jamie said happened happened. But I was a long time ago then. No, it just came back up. I wanted to know, could that happen on movie sets now? Or is it too protected?


'cause now it seems like if any little thing happens, you human resources, Well you're going to human resources. If. you You know If. you If you get a hangnail and you express it wrong. I mean, you triggered me You know. So I mean, triggering everything's trigger. Back in the day, trigger was the trigger. Now the triggers like You know. You know you. You're being hangnail full. I'm triggering. Exactly. Cut it out. Exactly. You got blue on. Does that mean you hate Red You know, like You know thing is, How does that affect the industry outside of, of course the Me Too movement. But how does that affect, because Bro, you gotta mind your business. You can't Get your creative juices. Like No, you get your creative juices. You better just keep, make sure they don't get on nobody else. Y'all better relax on the juices and yeah, them juices.


You better be real easy with them juices, bro. Be easy with them. Juices. Easy with them juices, You. know what I mean? No doubt. No doubt. We just have fun, man. Listen man, I try to give the, I give the respect. I wanna receive And. I. Keep it there You. know what I'm saying? And just have a ball with it and You. know what I mean? Gotcha, gotcha. I I saw you say songwriting is what's missing in today's hip hop climate. Do you think it's because folks just want vibes? Like I think, I think it's because a lot of times a lot of artists, what they really wanna say, they, they have a inspiration and then they make a, they say, ah, but people don't want to hear that. They make that decision. So if I don't If, you don't write proclivities, then you don't get tivity.


You don't get the, the You know what I'm saying? If, you don't write the sincere inspired stuff. People don't respond the same way. So it's safer. It's really safe to talk about the bag and You know ops and chicks. Yeah. Like that's very safe, right? Like you, you don't have to worry about nothing. It's hard to You know, mess that up You. know what I'm saying? So that's the thing that kind of, I think people, whereas if you're gonna get into something like 30 Decembers on my album, or if you're gonna get into Black Code Sweet or If, you're gonna get into the spirit of Cyrus. So if you're gonna get into some of these songs that I wrote on here, you have to be willing, you have to risk looking stupid in order to win You.


Know what I'm saying? We talked about before You know what I'm saying? Like you gotta risk You know, you gotta be willing to be vulnerable. The strength is in the vulnerability. Vulnerability is where the strength comes from. Because you gotta put on, on the line Jordan, LeBron, Steph Curry, they take the last shot. Right? There's vulnerability in that You. know what I'm saying? But you can miss Exactly. Yeah. But you can win. So that's, that's kind of how music is And I think a lot of artists right now. I think it'll turn the corner though. I think that this album will inspire a lot of artists to do. You'll see more things happening. You'll see people taking chances creatively. You'll see You know we had Mc Light here. She said she you are the reason I thought you got, we got the audio. Yeah. You are the reason she decided to put out a new album.


Oh, word. Wow. Really? Well this is what she said when she was here. Huh? You haven't put out an Album in 10 years, but you got a new album coming out called 1 0 1. Yeah. Why you get back into this crazy game? LL challenged Me. Really? Yeah. We, we did a fireside chat with him and in the midst of it, You know, he says, I'm putting out new music. I was like, oh, that's crazy. He said, when you putting out new And, I was like, well, I, I don't know. He was like, stop being scared. I was like, scared. It's true. Once he said that, And I was like, okay, I gotta get to it. I love that. How did that feel to still be an inspiring artist? Man? I love it, man. I love it, man. Listen, can't be scary, man. Like, what are you being scary for? It's always gonna be great acts. Of course there's gonna be new artists.


Of course times are gonna change. Of course there's gonna be generational changes that comes with the territory. But that, that's the opportunity for us to prove that we was born to do this You. know what I'm saying? You don't stop doing it because times change. You know what I'm saying? If, you need your shorts to be a little longer on the court or a little shorter. They, they change the rules and the touch fouls. You learn the rules of the game and the new rules. And they'll play better than everybody else. You know what I'm saying? It's simple. You know it, it's simple in the thought process. You know what I'm saying? Now, obviously executing it is not as easy, but it's simple when you make the decision. You dig when it comes to writing songs, You know when you got your PenFed, you got your pad. Does that make you dig deeper? 'cause a lot of these guys, they get high. They go in the studio and just rap.


But when you got the pin in the past, you actually gotta dig a little deeper, don't you think? Yeah. So here's the thing, right? A lot of pe it You know rapping is not necessarily the thing. It's about are you cr are you an artist? Are you creating art? So You know, a lot of people can put words together. Like I can bounce a basketball, but You know. Do I really want to be on the court with You know Curry and Draymond and You know? Like, I can bounce a basketball, I can And, I can make a shot. So You know I could get lucky and make a shot, but that's not the same at the level. So hip hop is the same way when it comes to MCs. Like, yeah, you might can put a few words together, but you not like ll Nas and Eminem and You know, like, there's a difference in skill.


I'm just being honest. So when I, when I put PenFed to paper, I'm creating something. I'm going into a world, I'm disappearing into this thing. I'm trying to create. I'm like looking at the marble and finding a statue inside of it You. know what I'm saying? I'm not just putting any words together. Now, mind you, if I write something that's silly, I'm doing it intentionally. See, that's the thing that people don't always get. Because when people judge hip hop, like, I like the, the line I love to use as an example is my headstrong record. Because people, there are a lot of people who think that this guy wrote that song trying to make the best rap that he could, but that's not what that was.


Mm. The intent was to make it silly and funny and entertaining. And so people like, so it's like writing comedy, it's like writing drama. It's like writing romance. It's like understanding that makes sense what the intention is of what you're writing. So what happens is, in hip hop, a lot of things get judged by the same metric You. know what I'm saying? You can't judge You know Somebody's got to die You know what I mean by the same standard as, I don't know, heads juicy, wrong, You know Juicy. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Big biz, you picking Boogies or something like that. Exactly. So you can't picking Boogies is picking Boogies. Right? You know what I mean? And, and Hypnotize Hypnotize and they're different. And so when, when artists understand that, I think that it'll help them with the, when they craft these albums or when they craft these songs.


You, you understand what I'm saying? You never got nervous. 'cause you were probably one of the, the first artists that say You know what? I'm gonna be very emotional on a record. Right. I'm gonna say I need love, I want Round the Way. Girl at the time when hip hop was so focused on I'm the best And I, what made you say You? know what? Nah, I'm a I'm gonna go f with the chicks over here. I'm gonna let y'all do this. I I'll be back, but I'm gonna go f with the chicks right here. Well, I'll I'll put it to you like this. It's like a guy You know, showing up to the projects to see a girl was that say about 'em. He Really wanna see her. He liked a girl and he could fight. Or he's he's willing to risk it. Yeah. Regardless of whatever. He's willing to risk it. Right, right, right. So me doing, I need love on me doing these romance records.


That's because I wasn't scared. Not 'cause I was soft. I wasn't scared. That's why I could do that. Y you understand what I'm saying? So like, you gotta, like, sometimes people, they misconstrue. It's like the, the guys that I meet, the guy, like I You know they'll be the nicest guys in The World, the toughest guys I know and the toughest guys I've known growing up. I've been like some of the nicest guys. The most dangerous guys I've known have been some of the nicest guys who came up with some killers. Oh man. Oh, absolutely. So, so it's like with, with the, with the, with the music, it was, it wasn't about trying to have an image. It was about what I want to do as an artist. Period.


What do you wanna say as an artist? What do you wanna do as an artist? That's what I'm going to do. And, and You know peer pressure makes me laugh. He's like, really? You know. I remember being 14, standing in the garage. You. know what I'm saying? We playing hooky and all the dudes are standing around and they was in a, they were sitting in chairs and the the garage is dark. The windows are taped over in Queens. Right. And, I, And I. Remember watching them and they were smoking weed. And this particular day, I'm like, I'm not, I'm not smoking. So I stood over in the corner, And I remember just sitting in the, standing in the corner watching them and watching everybody's brain change. And the conversation change. And I was saying to myself, it's gotta be something more to life than this.


But the point I'm making is not that I was too cool or too good 'cause that's not what I'm saying. The point was that I made it. I said, I'm not smoking And. I didn't care who cared and who had a problem with it. That's my point. So when you comes to the music, it's the same idea. It's like, yo, you do what you want to do, man. Like I do what I want to do creatively. I do what I want to do creatively. Not what people say I'm supposed to do. Right. Because what You know, a lot of times what people want, like right now they're like, oh, you supposed to sit down. Like you have people like they on the internet. Oh, how could he have the whips of chains in the, and the this and that and the video. And because people are freaks and that really goes on. Right. And I know you want, I know you wanna pretend that everybody's like having You know missionary with a sheep between.


But I got, I got news for you. There's some freaky stuff going on out there and I'm rapping about it. Right. You know. Oh, I can't believe at your age. At my age. What? When did I sign up to not get what I Yo I never signed that piece of paper. And I Don't remember signing that contract. Yo, you gotta stop liking freaking off And I. Don't know when that happened. Those are people that are new though. Because I remember you pouring the chocolate syrup on the girls' recaps in daylight. All ridiculous on Jamaica Avenue. On Jamaica Avenue was a dude yo of a call. Absolutely bro. Absolutely. Wilding out. Completely outta control. Who Says like, yo, we need to sit right here and pour the chocolate that he Me.


I said It. Got you. Okay. Heard you Lauren. Alright, put it in the car. Like put it right here. Her teeth Cross your legs. Yep. You like that? You like that, don't you? Yeah. Got you. Okay. Alright. See your directors cut all. Oh no, no. Yeah, you, yeah. That ain't even the wildest one. One of the wildest ones is the most subtle one, which in the doing it video, the way you bite the apple when you, We know that video, the Girls know that the apple in The World. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Show Dancing with the Apple mouth. Yo dancing. Yo. But I love that Yo You know what man, I gotta tell you man, I love, like, I love doing funny stuff like that. Ridiculous. Like, I, I really like, like I had jeans on in the Paradise video in the water.


I know that. That's right. Like, like, but what's funny is that what's funny is people point out to you like, I didn't know I did like, like you do know I filmed that. Right? Like you do know that I know what I've, How many takes in the wet jeans did you have to do? Because it's a little rough once you Get baby. Okay. As many as it takes. Okay. You know what I mean? How many takes we need You know what I mean? Let's have some fun with it. But a lot of stuff became fashion. Like the one leg up. One leg up. Yeah. I got that from the bike messengers in New York. Word. Yeah. Because the bike messages be riding around. Think about it. They be in the city. They have their pants leg up because they don't want it to get in the chain. Excuse me. Spewing yo, get in the chain of the bike. I saw that one day I pulled my joint up. I'm like, yo, this is a vibe.


I start wearing my joint like that. We everybody, am I joint like that You? know what I'm saying? Like, I love the idea of just having fun, not taking it too serious. There's a time to be serious. The time to be serious is when you're going after your goals. The time to be serious is when you have dreams. The time to be serious is when you dealing with frustration. But you wanna take it to the next level and fight through it. Right? But the other side of it is, when I'm making music, I wanna be silly. Right? And. I want to do stuff that's ridiculous. And, I want to do stuff that where we could laugh about it You know what I'm saying? Like, let's have some fun with it. Because you just grabbed the woman's leg and started playing the guitar. Absolute for no reason. Absolutely, bro. Absolutely.


Absolutely. That was you. That was on you too. That was Oh, all me baby. All me. All me. You know. You know. It's, it's, it's You know. I'm yo I'm telling you. BI yo I'm the wild out. How much did You have to, how much did you lose to do this album? 'cause you had to put a lot of focus. I'm sure you put acting stuff to the back. I'm sure you put a lot of the other stuff to the back. How much did you lose To Actually, I only gained, I only gained because I gained fulfillment. I gained inspiration. I, I was able to take a, take time out of my life to focus on the thing that I love the most. And when you put your energy into what you love, like, and you truly believe you was born to do it, you never lose.


There's no way to lose. I already won. Like you, you see what I'm saying? Because I love it, dog. See, it's not, see, okay, I'll give you an example. May he rest in power, someone like fat man, scoop, rest in peace. The, the, the joy that you bring to people through your music is incalculable. See, we really, people, people are really, and look, I got money. I'm a wealthy guy. People really put a lot of And. I understand It put a lot of emphasis on money. Money, money. Money, money. And status.


Status. Status. Status, status. And, I. Get it. Image is important. People, I, I get it. But what people don't put enough value on is the joy of life and living well and having a good time and enjoying what you doing. And that means something. That's a different type of wealth. You You know what I'm saying? That's like, that's really, really important. Like I give you an example, If, you have a great relationship with your mother. It's not a do, it's not transactional, but you still love her. Right? And it's still the most important. You, you You know when you see that smile, when you see that, that joy, when you see the warmth of your mom when you walk in that door You know what I'm saying?


Or maybe it's your dad or maybe it's your big sister, or it's unc or it's auntie, whoever it is like though that matters too. So If, you could find that joy in your life, in your career, and you can find that joy in other areas of your life. That's a true beautiful thing. So I didn't lose nothing, nothing. I gained everything So You know what I'm saying? Like all of the money comes, all of the fame and the, for all that stuff comes. But you still gotta enjoy the moment for the moment's sake. That's real You know what I mean? Yeah, Absolutely. Going back to the, the fashion stuff. Yeah. So the one leg up, but the hat, the, the FUBU hat in the Gap commercial.


Yeah. What Was your thought process behind that? Or was that even intentional? Like what was the Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So talk 'cause all the the guitar, the chocolate on the girl. Yeah. Now we talking about the hat. So talk us through that decision to do that in that day. I felt like they, we needed that exposure. They needed that exposure. And you are a huge company and it's not gonna hurt you. And I'm gonna give you what you need, but you're gonna gimme


NFL Week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, CDK g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way. From the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is Law and Order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at president four. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current, Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session, 24 hours. BPM. 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say it. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything. You're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is A new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some, some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling press. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars align correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If. you come through some trials with you, you need to share it. 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What I need and it's win-win and nobody gets hurt and You know. It ended up at that time taking FUBU to 400 million a year and increase The audience by 300%. I mean, and that's what I'm supposed to do. You know when you roll with somebody, you roll with people. There was no pushback on the set from the Yeah, There was, there was. They was like, oh, You know the hat and this. I said, no, I'm an owner. Oh. So I can clear it. You said nobody gets hurt. And everybody was like, okay. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And And, I'm a owner and this is it. And boom. And now we You. know what I'm saying? You were in football. Of course. I don't think I ever knew That. I Didn't know you were the only, I thought you just did it because you rocked with them.


I mean, of course you rocked with them, but I didn't know when you even just said that. I thought that was just you like gonna listen to you Anyway. Thought you down because he was from Queen. I was. And they was holding me down. 'cause I was from Queens too. We was holding each other up. Are you Kidding me? Let's talk through that. So at what point did you become an owner in fubu? And why, why haven't we heard more? I didn't. I never heard this because, Well, what's funny is that I just didn't really talk about that. Why? Because it wasn't important. Why is it important? Don't got the job done. Why was it important? See, like everybody, like I'm a rapper, I'm an mc. I'm okay, let's stop right there.


Yeah, I act, I do other things, but I don't like, I don't like have to be other things in order to feel like I'm kind of impressing The World in some other way. I'm good with being a mc. I'm okay with that. 'cause I know what I do. You, you understand what I'm trying to say? Yeah. Gotcha. Like, like so we are kind of in this space where like, like you, you hear guys talking like as If you. Like I heard a guy say the other day, he was like, oh, You know I don't want to just be a artist. I want to have a artist. And. I'm gonna be a CEO. As if being an artist is some sort of lower level thing. Yo Stevie one is an artist. Michael Jackson's an artist. Miles Davis is an artist.


Bob Marley was an artist. Marvin Gaye was an artist. Prince was an artist, right? Oh cool. J's an artist. Like I don't, I don't know what this idea like CEO, what CEOs wanna hang with artists. You know Pablo Casso was an artist. Salvador Dali was an artist. You know Alex Haley was an artist. Like art is art. This is art. So I don't need to tell you about my business life in order to impress you. I do have a business life. I have lots of investments. I got all kinds of stuff I could just rattle off and, and could inflate my net worth and give you a different valuation. And. I could show up a lot. Trust me. Mm.


I'm a rapper. That's what I am. I'm a mc. I love the art. I love making hip hop. I don't need to pretend to be nothing else. So for those little kids out there, because see some kids, some people are using hip hop as a stepping stone. Okay, you got that opportunity. I can't begrudge that. I can't knock the hustle. Right? The flip side of that is for those little kids out there who want to paint, who want to do hair, who want to do botany, who want to grow plants, who want to build things like be what you are. You are an engineer. Be an engineer. You. know what I mean? Like, like If you If you, you You know.


Now with ai you don't have to write code. But if back in the days If you were gonna write code, you write code like you, you understand what I'm saying? I understand. Everything you're saying is interesting. 'cause there was a time, I don't know if it was probably in the mid nineties, maybe early two thousands, where everybody started ranking their artists, their MCs based on what else they were doing outside of rap. Right. And so when I think about the fact that not only did you make Def Jam what it is clearly made fu what it If you. If all of that, if we knew all of that. But think about it, I think they would be ranking you way different. But he had, even though you an icon already, he had part of Def Jam, part of fubu like that. I'm saying think that people have no idea about you. Like god damn. Did they approach you or did you go to them Fubu or did you go to Bu came to me. Okay. They came to me, Damon and them came to me.


They stood outside my house for two weeks. Mm. Or something. And I You know love them and appreciate 'em and respect them and say let's do it You. know what I'm saying? They know it. They'll come on here and confirm it You. know what I'm saying? It's what It is. No, I believe it. You know. It's just now I wanna hear the story. Like I just wanna, yeah. It's like my thing is that You know, look, you do some things. You, you succeed. Some things don't work. Some things work. I mean even Rock the Bells is look, rock the bells. You know. I know people, people like to pretend that they don't know that Rock The bells brought timeless hip hop back. It did. Absolutely. It's this is this the reality, the Rock the Bells Festival, the Rock the Bells crews.


Me doing that channel, me bringing all these artists out, me putting all of that energy into it is the reason why there's more of an even playing field for artists that have been around a lot longer. I bought it up in a meeting yesterday, You know what I mean? I bought it up. I literally brought that up yesterday. Use it as an example. You. know what I'm saying? So, and, but at the same time it's like, okay, cool, but I don't need to beat people in the head with that. Like, I think that You know sometimes you gotta let your game speak for itself You know what I mean? And if, if there are certain artists who are entrepreneurs and who are crafting their business image, and if that's what you are interested in doing, great. There's nothing wrong with that.


I don't, I think that's very cool. Me, I just, yes. I invest. Yes, I have different things I've done, but I like making music. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm good with that. I wanted to ask you about something you said on Club Shehe. 'cause you got, I don't know why, but you got so much flack for your Def Jam Mount Rushmore, right? Yeah, yeah. And I feel like nobody can debate you on that except for Russell. Except for Rick Rubin. Except for Chuck D and maybe the other people on that you named. Yeah. I just wanted to know why Slick Rick. I love Slick Rick, but I just wanted to know from you, why did you put him on there? Because they were mad as Slick Rick being on the lip. They were just mad the whole list slick. Well, they were mad because they don't, they don't understand. They, they want me to talk about skin and, and lips and hair, but they want me to ignore the bones.


Mm. You know what I'm saying? I gave them the bones of the label. They want to talk to me about cosmetics. But guess what? I don't care how you look. You can get 14 BBLs, 35 lip injections. But If, you don't have no bones. You're gonna be a pile of flesh over there on the floor. So that's the way I make, that's how I built my Mount Rushmore. So when I said Beastie Boys and myself and Public Enemy and Slick Rick, that's because that is the foundation and the bones of the company. I didn't say that they were the most famous. I didn't say they sold the most records. I didn't say any of that. But you wouldn't have any of that If. you didn't have these, these people founding fathers. That was my point. Right. So, and then you have people respectfully You know, I'm not even going to be condescending about it.


They, oh, why didn't he put run DMC? That's, they were never on Def Jam homie. You don't know what you're talking about. Run DMC was on profile records. They weren't on Def Jam. And they're my favorite group. I loved them. Of course I would've put them on there, but they weren't on Def Jam. Oh, I didn't know that. I know you didn't know that. That's why you shouldn't write on the internet so much. You know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? You know what I mean? So like that, that was what the, what the thought was. It's not that I know that other people came later and made huge strides. I know. Look, I put DMX on. I know DMX did huge numbers in those years. You know when he came out. I understand. When I say put 'em on, I meant, I didn't mean put 'em on period. I meant put 'em on my song and introduce him to The World You.


know what I'm saying? I wanna be clear about that. Like Foxy put no on my song. I know that all of these artists that came, I, it's obvious with Def Jam became, it's, I mean that's self-evident. But If, you want to know how it was able to be there. You gotta look at those founding fathers. This is what you gotta look at. Absolutely. Since, since You always You know you're in, in the movies and doing that, would you do your own movie from the start, from growing up in Queens and farmers and starting to rap and the battles and the beefs and, and everything to where you at now? Would you do that? I mean, I would, it Needs to be told. I would. I I You know. I, I think about it sometimes People ask me that You know, I, I just get a hard, I have a hard time getting my mind around being that interested in me.


Mm. I'm too excited about the future. And too, I get really excited about doing new stuff and it's probably a flaw of mine. That's not too much history. Not too man. But That's so crazy to hear because I feel like the music, like especially music for us, for like the ladies, it gives that you wouldn't, you'd be the opposite. That you would be really invested in you. Yeah. But that see, like, there's a difference between confidence and arrogance You. know what I'm saying? And I You know. Yeah. I'm confident. But the, I just, I just feel like I'm more interested in other people. Got you. You know what I'm saying? But that doesn't mean I wouldn't do the movie. Like I get it. Like I'm open to it. I'm open to the idea of it. But would I put my energy into doing walking down that now maybe a documentary You know, maybe we could You know, but I just, I don't know man.


Like Only you could tell your story and you must story Two. Long story Paul, Would you put Crazy Street stuff in there? Would you put the Poison plan in there? Oh man. Oh yeah. I put a lot of, I You know. I, I mean I couldn't put some stuff in it, but I put what I could You know what I mean? It's interesting. Record all of the, all of the people that you hear about that's really tough. Don't really, don't make that kind of music. Like, and they say that about you. They say that about Nelly. They say that about Hammer, right? Yeah, hammer. Yeah. Or even the OGs like Lil Sean, like they never made that kind of street music. It was always because you got sense enough to notice to get away from it. Lemme tell you something, man, I never met You know every now and then you meet like a purely evil gangster, but there's not many.


But I've never met a You know somebody who was in the street life, who didn't want to get away from it, who wouldn't much rather have 19 laundromats and a dag on the McDonald's and something else. Right? Right. You know what I mean? Like, so it's like you learn early on that it's about having manners and it's about not talking about that stuff. It's about staying away from that stuff. It's not about like trying to be a tough guy and You know he thinks who he is and all that You know what I mean? Trying to like, you wanna stay away from like talking about that stuff. So when I was hanging out with the dudes, that was like running the city. I was, I need love You. know what I'm saying? Like, yo, I be like, You.


know what I mean? Like the complete opposite because we do, we do that. Like I'm around that for real. I don't need to You know. It just feels different when you are around it for real. You know. It really feels different. You know what I mean? It's like, it is like Vietnam vets or war vets, a lot of people that really were in the military that went to, that were on You know, that saw battle. They don't Talk about it. Nah. My pops would ever tell me nothing about Vietnam. Nope. Won If. you really notice it. If you Ask he he'll, he'll, he'll answer. But he he he not gonna come in Thanksgiving and be like, I remember that time. He Just don't. And You know why. 'cause it's not cute. That's right. It's only the cute, it's only cute to the people.


I think Colin Powell said only people who, who enjoy war, those who don't understand it's horror. I'm paraphrasing You. know what I'm saying? But it's, it's so, it's something like that. It's like the idea of If. you really seen some things. It's nothing to talk about. Right. Let's have some fun head sprung. Head sprung heads. What, what is, what is your biggest record to perform? Is it heads sprung or is it a round way Girl? Is it doing it? It Depends on the audience. Depends on what country I'm in, what city, what state and What was the mind frame around the way Girl, because that's probably one of my favorites. That's why we have, it just feels like a love, a New York love Story. I'll tell you, it's about the girl next door.


It's like, as much as everybody wants it to be about the celebrity female and or the female with the money or the female. Who is the most well known in The World. There's something I think every guy knows that there's something about the girl next door, the around the way Girl that's very special. And I always had a certain reverence for that You. know what I'm saying? Not, I ain't talking about chasing with my tail between my legs. I'm just saying I had a reverence for that. Like You know that appealed to me. Like I didn't really, I wasn't really as interested in like the the famous girl or the superstar girl or the, the girl.


Even with the most nowadays, like the most followers, it was the person, a normal person. Like I just thought that was, I found it more interesting You know what I'm saying? And You know and, and quite frankly, like more attainable You know what I'm saying? Like it's just like, like I see you You know what I'm saying? Like, when I make songs like proclivity, even proclivities, even though Proclivities is a much deeper layered song, and over the years people will realize that because I'm dipping into the shadow world of people's thoughts. It's like, I see you, you understand what I'm saying? Like, I see you.


Like I'm not looking at the image of a woman. I'm not looking at the ex the, the, the trappings. I'm looking at her soul on Round The Way Girl, I'm looking at her soul on proclivities. When I talk about You know, like love to see, I love to see you make the old Face You know. Like that's a real thing. Right, right, right. Like, like I'm looking at her face like You know morphing. Like, I'm like, I like to see you make that face You. know what I mean? You know what I mean? Right. It's crazy. You know. So I got a few more questions. You wrote Mc Lake's verse on self destruction. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Scott's tape with a razor blade tape to a collar. Yeah, I did. How much of that did you used to do back in the day? A lot or a little bit? A little bit. I did it more than people know You.


know what I'm saying? More than people know. But I, I wouldn't go around like talking about all the different things. But I did some of that. Yeah. I did some ghost writing for people. And, and when we talk about writing, I wanted to ask how much, how much do you think Biggie and, and Jay contributed to people not taking writing as serious? 'cause both of them said they didn't write And I saw you. I saw you having a conversation on Sway about Biggie one time. Well, well, look, look, well Big look Biggie's, my man, And I love Big You know sometimes And I and look, everybody's different. Everybody's process is different, right? Like some people, they just You know got a bunch of rhymes that they wrote at home and they just remember 'em, and then they just got something for the beat. So you don't have to see me necessarily see me write to that. Doesn't mean I didn't write, I'm not gonna, what I'm not gonna do is say anything that will go against what somebody, how someone wanted their career to be laid out.


But I'll say this, ultimately it's about the song period. Whether you write it in your mind, whether you memorize it, it because the see, you gotta remember the skill is not in how you get there. The skill is in it. How the song affects The World. Mm. So whether you write it on paper, a phone in your head that it doesn't matter what the, how does it affect people? Did the ball go in the basket? Whether I called it chucked it, whether I You know, fade Away, whether I finger slammed it, reverse slammed it You. know what I'm saying? But like, I've seen dudes, right?


And I've seen dudes You know come off the top. I mean, whatever, You know what I'm saying? I don't, I, what I would say though is that like, I would say like, like these guys are legitimately talented enough, some of them to do that. That doesn't mean you necessarily need to be doing that. You might need a PenFed and pad. You might want a PenFed and pad and do some editing. Ernest Hemingway editing bro. Like, it's all right. Like don't be embarrassed. Word You. know what I mean? My, my who, who wrote for who? The Bell told. Huh? Metallica? No, no, no, no. Not the song Metallica. No Toes. No, no. The the Raven who wrote the Raven Alfred Cock, huh? No, Edgar Allen. Pope Ger Allen Pope.


So it's like you got Irman, Ernest Hemingway, you got Edgar Allen Pope. They wrote, they edited. So there's no shame in writing. But If, you are able to do it without it. Fine. Me, I like to write, I, I wanna be able to look at what I wrote and change it and edit it until I like it. Period. Can I come up with something like, could I come up with something in my head right now? Of course I could of course You know what I mean? And you was on the shop and you, you was talking about Andre 3000 saying he didn't wanna rap again because he said he didn't have anything to rap about. Yeah. And so Andre responded to that and said, if If, you can, you should rap until you die.


Of course he has things to say, but if he can't say it in a fresh, innovative way, then it's not enough for him to do it. And I respect that. I respect that. I respect that. And You know in that, in that sense. I would agree. That's, but that's what I look to do on my new record. Right. Like on the force. Like say it in a fresh, innovative way. Right. He's, he's talking about not repeating Flo. Look, he's one of the greats. He's unbelievable. Like I'm thoroughly impressed with Andre and on, and the only reason I even said anything is because I like him so much. As an artist, I'd love to hear him again. I just miss hearing the Guy You. know what I'm saying? Like, I, I want to hear Outkast, like personally, I would love to hear an Outkast album. I don't know about The World, but I would want to hear that. But I do respect his feelings. And I cannot speak to his artistry You know what I'm saying?


I love him Has Lyric. I don't, I don't know if it's lyricism, has lyricism peaked. Like, I don't know if there is any more flows. Are there any more deliveries? Like how many more ways can you deliver Ron? I think there's always a way. Okay. That's like You know. Just when you thought every single patient was done. I mean, miles came and changed the game. Charlie Parker came and changed the game. You know we can go half notes, quarter notes, eighth notes. I mean, there's always a way to change and approach it differently. You know what I'm saying? There's always a way to You know. It's up to you though. It's combinations. It's like, it's like flavors, right? There's only bitter of sugar, salt, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But you got, at the end of the day, there's always a different way to make a good meal You. know what I mean? You can always get another great meal.


So Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. I mean, like some of the stuff EM'S doing on my new song, some of the tripling that's new kind of newish stuff on Murdergram do. I mean, a lot of it, even the flow I did on Murdergram de is like, You know there's some new moments in it. You know what I'm saying? That's what she said earlier. Yeah. I was like, where? Because I was like, how do you play this in the car? Like where do you listen to that mind? She's young. So she, what she said was no saying what she said, said, because she goes, he don't sound old Because one, y'all in the room because one of y'all, because one of them in the room said that it sounds old And I. When I heard it, I said, this doesn't sound old. It sounds like what? I know him to sound like. But then I said, but where do you play this? 'cause like, I don't know if I would play this in the car. It's hip hop. Well, yeah, but like where, but music, like songs go places with you.


I can't describe it. Like I know where I'm gonna put on, like around the way, girl. Like I know what my outfit is. I know with that song, I couldn't figure it out. Yeah. Good. That's good. Why is that good? Because it's new. I remember the first time I heard Planet Rock by Africa Band Bottom Botta and the Zulu Nation. I didn't understand it. I told my man, my man was like, he played playing around. I'm like, I don't like that. He said, why? I said, 'cause it's different. You catch up. It just takes Time. I not like it. I just didn't. I didn't. No, But you, you're not saying a bad thing. You're not saying a bad thing at all. It's like it's, it's actually and truly that's not, it's really not a car record.


That's not what it is. It's a live performance record. Got you. It's a, it's a, a record that shows the display of MCs showing lyrical skill. It's a record that shows you the art form of rapping. That's really what the, the song is about. Now, proclivities, I could play in a car. I could play proclivities in a car. I could play black code Sweet at a, at a, at a cookout. I could play You know some of those records. Some of them are car wrecks because I love car wrecks. Like I made a song called Booming System a long time ago. It was a car record. I'm very familiar with the Difference. But that particular song, you're right, it's not for the car, right? It's, it's for those who really are fans of hip hop and fans of the Art of Hip Hop, it's like, it's like watching N one.


It's like watching basketball players get busy with the ball and do things that you didn't even know they they were capable of doing with a basketball. That's what that song Is. See, that's kind of lost on like the artist that I love because I feel like when I hear new song, what makes it go for me? Like when you mention Gorilla, right? First thing I think of is like putting it on in a car. I'm in the club and it dropping. You just You know. I don't Yeah, we don't, I don't get the sportsmanship all the Time, so. Exactly. And, and that's my, and that's okay too, right? It's like, that's the beauty of it. It's like we need both. We need the vibe. That's why I made like Heads sprung. Right? Heads sprung at that time. Was that kind of thing you're describing? It was just silly a vibe. We just getting there. Me and Timbo is win the studio.


We're making a while out. I get it. But there's a time for that. And then there's a time for the other thing. So on this album, it's like a combination. There's some songs that are like that, but then there are other songs where it is really more about lyrics, rapping the sportsmanship that you say you couldn't relate to as much, and that kind of stuff like that. That's kind of like the whole idea. The whole idea is for you to make unique things, You know what I'm saying? Unique stuff. And then we get the vibes and we dance The Glow Real and we dance The Sexy Red, like, I love the, the record. Hey, Seven P Friday. That's my song. Hey, what, what, what's your, what's your favorite record outta all your catalog heads?


Pro. Clearly. Yeah. He you like 10 Times. I I like Heads, bro. I, I use like, it's a few songs. I think doing it is one of my favorite classic, I think doing it You know what I'm saying? Oh, you can, you can relate that one. Oh, I love that song. That's My song. Oh, you coulds the song that works in the car, Huh? Yeah. Oh, that works anywhere. Oh, I know. That's that's the song. Yeah. Yeah. See Yeah. Yeah. I know it. That's my song. Yeah, I know, I know. Yeah. I, when you and Scratch did too. I bomb. Oh, IB Yeah, I like LBI like LB. I'll tell you, this one I got with Nas is crazy. The Praise Him joint is, wow. It's hip hop You. know what I'm saying? But it's, it's, it's right, it's a lot of joints.


30 Decembers. I like 30 Decembers. I like black Hold a lot. Black hold black Hole. Sweet is You know. Look at mama. She in the kitchen. She chicken there dipping the chicken, the flour. She got the music is bumping oven. Well, I two step in the shower. I want balanced potato salad and hot sauce. Collard green. Yeah, that joint is hot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That black coat Sweet is hot. Listen, Let's get to a joke. Hold On. I got one last question. Yes, sir. And, I would, I would ask LeBron this too, is it easier or harder to do what you do in this case music when you have nothing to prove? Or do you feel like, or do you feel like you have something to prove? I definitely feel like I have something to prove. Wow. Definitely. Because the prove, what I'm looking to prove is that you could keep going And You know you gotta to keep going.


You gotta come from the heart. You gotta come from the soul. And you can't, you can't swag your way into 40 years of success. That's real. You go, it's gonna take more than that. That's real. Right. You know what I'm saying? And so, yeah, I definitely got something to prove. I definitely look at this as a, as a, as a fun challenge. It's a fun challenge. You know what I'm saying? It's like, yo, can you do it? You? know what I'm saying? You know. Will I ever have another song where she's like, oh, this is my joint. I'm, I'm turned up in the car. Like can I do that? Right, right, right. Is that possible? Right. Those are the questions that You know. You look to answer You know what I'm saying? Like that's the part that makes this thing like worth doing You.


know what I'm saying? You. know what I mean? Well, let's get Into a joint off the album. The album is out today. It's called Force. Yeah. What you wanna hear? Well, I'm You know. I need to look at the Yeah, I need to see the Tracklist. We got what you need right there. The track list. Okay. Yeah. Lemme see the Tracklist. Hmm hmm Murdergram. Just Because of her. Why not Murdergram gram Let play, let's play Murdergram. Why not? Let's play Murdergram. I'm here, I'm playing Murdergram. Alright, let's get do it right now. Murdergram featuring Emine featured with Emine right now.


We appreciate you for joining us. Ll appreciate you and and and how you used to work out every Day. I do. Well, four times a week minimum. Yeah. Yeah. Charman One day you get on the gym with love. Nah, I'm good. I mean, I work out with him. I train with him. No, Do do his workout one day. Just one day. I I would train with him. Okay, good. I did it one day. And I almost threw up. I think I did throw up. Did I throw up? I threw up. You might've. I don't know. I Threw up. He does some weird ish man. Like, Like no he don't. He he does what he does. Yeah. Didn't you did what you do. I didn't know Jim ever saw you come in. When did that happen? Watch him out. Say this with me. Murdergram. Murdergram. There you go. The breakfast comes ll J Y'all wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you did starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming now on Peacock.


Right on now Back to the Funk.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people, But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end. It sent the message that we can prosecute these people. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of one Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen To Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite Shows.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want from my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.