
They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices. Probably not. Presidents, vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump.


Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for You. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said, black Jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for President.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could Ivy the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that Cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


When you think about energy drinks, you probably think about physical performance. But what If you could have a mental edge too, don't Quit, is one of the only energy drinks on the market that contains a powerful ingredient called Cognizant that has been clinically studied to improve your focus, attention and overall brain health. That's why Don't Quit is one of the fastest growing energy drinks in the country. Don't let the wrong ingredients knock you down. Fuel your perseverance with don't quit energy drinks. Get yours now at Amazon.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. That's right. We have Fawn Weaver. Hello. Hello. Welcome is the book. There you go. Somebody. Somebody took my book too. Lemme hold it. There you go. Pass out the Looking For Love and, okay, here we go. There you go. Four Weaver, ladies and gentlemen. New book out now called Love and Whiskey, the remarkable story of Jack Daniel, his master distiller Nearest Green, and the improbable rise of Uncle Nearest. Yes. How are you feeling this morning? I'm feeling Great. Like, like a Billion dollars. I'm feeling I'm in the hallway.


I'm feeling good. I said, who is this? This has to be her. What do you, why did you call the rise of Uncle Nearest Improbable? 'cause when you was up here, what, maybe six Years, A couple Years ago. Seven. Seven, seven years ago, it's, it's improbable because no black person, no person of color, and no woman has ever ex succeeded in this industry. Ever. Not as a founder. Wow. And so it's improbable because I shouldn't be here. This in this Uncle Nearest should not be where it is. When you look at it, most come into an industry and even If, you come into an industry like the whiskey industry where it's 95, a hundred percent dominated by white men.


You come in and you already know that you're gonna have to play offense and everybody's going to ignore you. Well, I had to come in Plan Defense. Mm. I was telling a story in the middle of a, what was then a $24 billion company. And. I was going right in the middle of it and saying, I'm gonna add Nearest Green to your story. That that put a lot of arrows at me. Well, really, it put a lot of grenades on me. Mm. But it felt like when y'all was here telling the story seven years ago, it was almost like no. Uncle Near is actually the beginning. Yeah. Let of this story. Well, let's, so it was like bringing everybody back home. That's what it felt like to me. Well, let's go back. 'cause might not know what you're talking about because it was seven years old book seven when you came up here before. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So break down what Uncle Nearest is it and explain what Charlemagne is talking about.


Whole thing. Got the bottle. Pass me the bottle. So this is the bottle. That's right. So this is Uncle Nearest premium whiskey. It is the most awarded bourbon of the last five years in a row worldwide. It's about to be six. That also is improbable because we're coming into an industry that's been dominated by the same people for hundreds of years. And it became the fastest growing still is Bourbon or American whiskey in US history. Wow. And Uncle Nearest is the first known African American master distiller. His name is Nearest Green. His legal name was Nathan. But we don't use Nathan because he didn't use Nathan any document on him that he was involved in post-slavery. He didn't use Nathan, which it was very common.


If. you were given a name that after you were free If, you didn't like the name, you changed the name. So he went by Nearest his kids, called him Nearest, his grandkids called him Nearest. So we, we call him Nearest Green. But now, when Nearest, when this came out, it was the first time an African American was ever commemorated on a spirit bottle. And when we opened Nearest Green Distillery, it was the first time ever that a distillery had been named after an African American. Now, seven years ago, you, you explained it a lot. What got you into doing this with people that don't remember the interview when you guys Here seven years ago? It really was cementing the legacy of Nearest Green. So my mother's a tea Toler, so she said she really wished he made lemonade.


And quite frankly, if he had made jeans or like Lucille's down in Houston, I don't know If, you all have been down there, but Lucille's down in Houston, the, her family argues, her descendants argue that Pillsbury is using her recipe. Mm. That they reverse engineered it because she refused to sell it to them. And so you have those types of stories that have been in American history forever. Now. We actually had a company that was willing to admit that their founding, that there was an African American as an enslaved man that would, was at least the teacher of Jack Daniel. And then after that became, after he was free, became the first master distiller.


Can you break down the whole Jack Daniels of it all? Absolutely. Everybody knows Jack Daniel, Right? Yeah. Because you break down like Why he's so intricate to this story too, Because Near Green was the teacher of of Jack Daniel. He was a teacher. He was the mentor. Before this story came out, before I did the research and brought the researchers together, Jack Daniels, the company didn't realize that distillery number seven ever existed. Their records only went back so far. And so they're looking at and looking at their distillery number. I said, no, no, no, you gotta take that back. Old number seven was the actual distillery. And Nearest Green is the only known master distiller for distillery number seven. So when I came to this story, the very first thing that I did was buy that original property where Distillery number seven was where Jack grew up, the 313 acres above Lynchburg, Tennessee.


Because that allowed me to start piecing the story together and to be able to, I mean, coming into a story that is so iconic, Jack Daniels is a ubiquitous brand around The World. And I was coming in and saying, not only was an African American there at the beginning of it, but Jack treated him fairly. Mm. And you're talking about the South Lynchburg, Tennessee. And for a person to be treated as an equal, that was a black person. That was unheard of. What year was this again? This, so this is in the 19th century. So everywhere from about 56, 18, 56 into until Jack died in 1910. Because I know what prohibition too, 'cause a, a lot of people will hear this story and say, well, if he treated him nicely, why did you have to go back and say, check out distillery number seven.


But with prohibition, there were so many different things that happened where they made it where like after the, like with when Harlem Renaissance came along, and like just the political powers that black people couldn't say, oh, I did that. Well, in this instance it was a little different. So in this instance, during prohibition, prohibition was 20 years in our country, 19, 20 years. But in Tennessee it was 30. Wow. Okay. They started 10 years before. So most people don't know that Jack Daniels moved to the loo. Jack Daniels was in St. Louis for 10 years. Got you. And leading up to Prohibition. So on the other side of Prohibition, the it reopens, but it's in so much trouble. Jack's nephew is in trouble. So they eventually had to sell it to another company.


It's under that company's watch. Got you. Okay. That the story disappeared. But under Jack and his descendants, they made Sure. So when you look at this photo, the reason why I started this book with this photo is Jack Daniel didn't just put a black man to his right. In 1904, he seeded the entire center position of the photo to the black man. So that was Jack's way of saying, America's gonna try to write you out. I'm not gonna allow him to. Wow. And then his biography written in 1967, high of the Civil rights era. And you have Nearest and his boys mentioned more times than Jack in Jack's own family. Wow. And so you knew that Jack wanted us to know, not only was he here at the beginning, don't ever forget it.


And so that's the reason why the story mattered to me. If this was another one of the stories where African Americans were done wrong and we were like pushed to the side, this story would've had no interest to me. We have enough of those stories. Yeah. What interested me about this story is I felt as though it was a story that we may have been treated. Right. And, I wanted to prove it if it was true. Because if we don't have any hope, like if every story we hear, we don't have anything to go toward. If every single story lacks hope, then we just walk around here thinking, well, it's always been terrible. It's always going to be terrible. But if every generation we can find those glimmers of hope that move us forward, then we know where we're going.


What got you into Spirits Nearest Green? So cementing, cementing his legacy originally book movie. Right. Super simple. But if I were to, well, you all in this room, you might know. But if I go in And, I, have a room, And I have a thousand people in that room, and I'm talking to them, And I say, how many people saw Hidden Figures? 99% of the room hands up. Right? Absolutely. If I said, name for me, the three women who were the Hidden Figures played by Taraji p Henson, Octavia Spencer, and Janelle Monet. May I can do May Mae Jameson. You are the first person to ever. So how, why? Because my daughter wants to be an astronaut. Okay. That's so we got so much Maye stuff around that.


That's Why Yeah. Char can never be Counted In these stories because he always has this wealth of information that's, but in a room like that, nobody can ever name. So we all walk into a movie theater and we walk out remembering the same people we knew before we went in. And so if we wanted to make sure that this story a hundred years from now, someone wasn't having to uncover it again, then we had to do what? Johnny Walker, Jim Beam and, and Jack Daniel. Why are, why do we all know who those people are? Because we're watching them. Every time we go into a bar, we see their name. That's right. Right. I, I mean, that's how I feel about Uncle NRIs now. 'cause I'm walking through the airport, And I. See Big Uncle Nera sign.


Yeah. And I'm just like, oh, wow. Yeah. I wanted to ask you like the fastest growing whiskey in history, US history. Right. You've been named on the Forbes list as the richest self made woman in America for 2024. Absolutely. Uncle Nez has a $1.1 billion valuation. Yeah. What do you contribute to success to, 'cause You know we live in this era of everybody wanna be an entrepreneur. Everybody wanna be a boss. I know you actually did it. Yeah. In a very successful way. Yeah. What, what do you contribute to success? To I I contribute it to one real, real simple thing. God. That's right. So a lot of people, they wanna write God out of the story of alcohol. Because during prohibition, the Temperance Movement decided to, to tell people that the Bible said that alcohol was wrong.


Right? Bible never says it. I would love to go toe for to toe to toe with any pastor that claims it. There is not a single scripture that ever says it. What it talks about is drunkenness, right? So everything in moderation, including alcohol, but the foundation of this company, the foundation of Uncle Nearest, it's God. It is doing what we believe we were purpose to do, which is cement the legacy of Nearest Green, but also to show how you can come, how our group women and people of color can come into an industry that has always locked us out. And not only open the door, but open the door for everyone to come right behind us. When we came into the industry in 2017, the entire industry, about 90% of the alcohol, six Spirit conglomerates, they run everything Diageo, LVMH, Bacardi, every time y'all have an alcohol in it, it's mostly one of those.


Well, there were no women. It was all, every single one of them. Founded by, owned by, led by white men. When we came in, then Uncle Neers began to have such a level of success that we weren't supposed to, that all their boardrooms, the conversations were about us as much as it was about their own company. And they started trying to reverse engineer their success. And they realized, wait a minute, this country is 50% women. If there are no women in these rooms where the decisions are being made, we're missing a huge part of the buying population. Right. So all of a sudden, three of the women of the six beer conglomerate, I mean three of the, the six beer conglomerate all had women CEOs.


What was your fight like? 'cause I, I used to work with a tequila brand and we worked a lot with the distributors. Yeah. And, and having that relationship with like, the people who take it to those bars where we see it is important. What was your fight like in the beginning? Just trying to make distributors, like make it where they think it's important. Yeah. Because you were like, you were kinda like a unicorn in the space. Yeah. So going back to your question, that's probably the the smartest thing that we did coming out the gate. Number one, I didn't go with one distributor. The largest distributor in this country asked to take US National. I said, absolutely not. I'll give you 11 states. And they're like, it's all either all or nothing. And I said, well, that's the easiest decision I've ever made. It's nothing because nobody puts baby in a corner.


And I've seen every black brand that come before me sit in a corner. They go away. And, I have to believe it's catch and keel. It doesn't make sense. We can't keep saying that there's not a market for us. And so then we have to ask the question of if the buyers want it, if the the consumers want it, then why don't they get it? Right? And so I determined it was the distributor tier. So I told the team, number one, I wanna be in all 50 states within the first two years, which we did unheard of. But the other thing was I built a distributor network of 17 distributors. That's so smart. So I could say, Hey, California, why are you being outsold by Georgia New York? Why are you being outsold by Tennessee dc Why in The World are you being outsold by Alabama?


Like I could. And literally, and that gets them going. Literally. It gets them going. But also, and this goes back to your question, is I think the smartest thing that we did beside having 17 distributors, we we could do it that way, is I told the team, if we do not hit our goals, distributors cannot be the reason. Because everyone complains about distributors. 50 is going through right now. Puff through his lawsuit. Jay did it with his, everyone complains about the distributors. I said, they will not be the reason we don't succeed. So I went to every distributor, And I said, I have no expectation from you that, except that you'll be a high price FedEx, my team will build it. I will be on the ground every single day, but there will come a day where I will let You know when I do expect you to work.


But we did all the work for like the first four and a half years. Oh, okay. And the fifth year, I said, now is the time I need you. I need you. And and so by then we had proved ourselves. Nobody had us in a corner. Nobody could put us in a corner. And we had proved ourselves to be valuable enough to them that they would then invest in us. Mm. Wow. I saw, I saw for the book that you interviewed some people that were 106 years old, Nearest his granddaughter was still alive. Wow. Wow. When Nearest granddaughter was alive, and Jack's great niece was alive. She died at 1 0 4 and Nearest his granddaughter died at 1 0 8. Did they drink whiskey? They, I gotta throw drinking whiskey here. That's So, so here's the deal is you will find in that book, a lot of the African American elders that I interviewed were 90, 95.


And so yeah. Whiskey might be the key. Man. You know when you down south and it's crazy. Right? 'cause they, they eat everything. They say, you're not supposed to eat M in South Carolina. You eat everything you're not supposed to eat. That's me. And they drink cognac every day, or whiskey every day. That's Me. You. know what I'm saying? You do whiskey every day. Every day. But it's in moderation. It's in moderation. Listen, If, you had poured a glass. I'd be drinking and it's like 10 o'clock in the morning. Morning. You want me to pour you one? No, I'm good. I'm good. But the thing is, is that I don't ever drink to a point of being tipsy. Got you. I love to, I love it. I love how it brings inhibitions down. I love how you're able to have great conversations. But the moment I even feel my head buzz, I will put it down until, until it doesn't anymore.


So I don't like tipsy. I don't like drunk. But I do love, I have, I have Uncle NRIs every night. How were their memories, The people? How, how, How was her? His Granddaughters memory. His granddaughter's memory was not great. Okay. Okay. But everyone else's memory was great. And the thing that I love about being able to capture their interviews, both, I had a, a crew with me, so on video and tape, tape recordering and that kind of thing was that so many people, between the time I started the research and the time that Uncle NRIs came out, or at least the distillery opened, so many of them passed away. And it's almost like they were just holding on to tell their piece of this story. And then they're like, okay, I'm done. And it got to a place where almost every couple weeks there was another funeral.


Oh, wow. And so people held on and, and so I got to capture all of their, all of their words in this book. Wow. You know this story is amazing, but your story is even more amazing where you came from and the fact that you left home at 15. Yeah. The fact that you live in homeless shelters. Yep. The fact that you decided to start your own is, is a real testament to who you are. Because your dad was a writer and producer for Motown. Yeah. And You know you could have stayed there, but what made you leave home at 15? Yeah. And what said, this is what I want to do. I know you said it was a book project and you said, You know this is what it, this is what it was. But you didn't get a, a $400 million loan or a million dollar loan like Donald Trump.


Like you did this from the dirt and the grind. So break down your story a little bit. 'cause that's the story. I don't think people understand. Yeah. Because you didn't get a, a a, a a A loan. You didn't say, dad, let me borrow a couple million like you grinded for this. And that's what's really impressing. Well, they look, people look at my confidence and they assume that it's because I went to some Ivy League. And, I. This is, this is sort of the assumption, right? And so when people open up this book and they learn, I left out home at 15. It was an ultimatum that wasn't necessarily, it was my choice, but my parents, it was an ultimatum. And why did you have to leave? Why did they want you? Why? What was the ultimatum Strict Christian household. And I just wasn't a child where you could say, do it my way.


And I wouldn't question it. I questioned everything. I got kicked out of the ninth grade because my teacher told my parents, my English teacher told my parents that she didn't know what kind of day she was going to have in her classroom till I walked through the door. Wow. Now, mind you, I was not a popular kid ever. I was never a popular kid growing up. But somehow I wielded some level of influence, even with people who I wa I wasn't in the popular crowd, never was. But according to my teacher, if I had questions, And I think what it was is, is if the topic we were talking about, I was challenging it, and she didn't have an answer, it made her uncomfortable. So then she felt like she lost control of the room.


That's really what that was about. But my parents felt the same way. So they would say they're authoritarian. That's normal for African American, especially At, at, at our parents. Our parents. And, and so they would just say, this is what it is. And I'd go, but why is it what it is? And now you're talking back. Well, yeah. To them back then, back then it was talking back. But to me it was, it was a, it was a, it was a question, right? Absolutely. Legitimate question. It was a legitimate question. And if I hadn't been asking that those questions about the Bible, then I don't think I would know what kind of front to backwards now, because I dove in myself because they couldn't answer the questions for me. But they were the, the Christian leaders. And so it was our way or the highway.


And I chose the highway. So that was 15. I moved to Jordan Downs. I moved to Watts home of the Grape Street, Crips. And. I was dating a guy from Nickson Gardens. And. I. Think when I think back of my, me growing up, I remember, and that was a bloody war. I mean, we're talking about, this was the nineties. The, the Bloods and the Crips. It wasn't You know. It was great seeing what Kendrick did and Piru and all the rest of that. I was like, that's amazing because all of them, They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents.


That's funny.


Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, speaking of Black jobs, I got a black job For you. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said, black jobs never becomes President again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for President


State. Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


There's two kinds of people in The World, people who love health aid kombucha, and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If. you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or ginger lemon, your taste buds and your gut will thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it. And try Health Kombucha today. Help a kombucha.


When you think about energy drinks, you probably think about physical performance. But what If you could have a mental edge too, don't Quit, is one of the only energy drinks on the, the market that contains a powerful ingredient called Cognizant that has been clinically studied to improve your focus, attention and overall brain health. That's why Don't Quit is one of the fastest growing energy drinks in the country. Don't let the wrong ingredients knock you down. Fuel your perseverance with don't quit energy drinks. Get yours now at Amazon.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always Secure Cargo


Would've shot that place up when I was coming up and Watts. And so I would go back and forth between Jordan Downs and Nickerson Gardens. No issues, like I never once felt like I was unsafe. I was very comfortable in those environments, which helps me in the liquor industry, by the way, Because You have to walk in and, and so cutthroat business. I go there, it's su super cutthroat, but also the current liquor industry was essentially founded by the mob. So there's a lot of mob elements that are still a part, part of the industry to this day. And, and so that was You know being in Watts. And then I was there, I was super comfortable at Jordan Downs.


And then I went to a, a hip hop concert. They called it rap then. But I went to a rap concert and there was a dj and there was a guy who's rapping just local Watts rapper. And I'm in the crowd, right in the kind of front middle And I will never forget it to this day, is he literally tells the dj, stop the music. Stop the music, DJ cuss the music. And he looks at me and he points at me and he says, we have a half breath in the house. Hey, Solomon says that to me every morning, but go ahead. Yeah, I've seen all the light-skinned jokes. There's so many of 'em. I say half breed, it's half breach. I might bring that back though. That was that. No, no, no. Don't bring, don't bring back the half I bring back. Do not bring back the half breed on my account.


Sorry. Sorry guys. But for the first time when all those eyes turned to me, I, I felt unsafe. Mm. So I left home because I didn't fit in there. I felt like I fit in in Jordan Downs. And that happened. And I was like, oh, I'm not safe here. So I spent the next pretty almost three years living in homeless shelters. I spent my 18th birthday at Covenant House. I think y'all have one here in Yes. New York. Amazing organization. But that was, that was my kind of my upbringing. The thing that's great about Covenant House is you'd go out, you work, I had four jobs and you give them your paychecks and it goes into an escrow account. And when you had a certain amount of money, you use that money, you go and get your own place.


So Covenant House allowed me to build the foundation of being able to live on my own. And once I was able to do that, it was kind of off to the races. But I also still didn't know what I was doing. I mean, I was still a kid, so I didn't feel like a kid, but I was still a kid. And I got to 20 years old. And I was like, this life is hard and do I really wanna do this for the next 20 years, And I decided, no. And I tried to commit suicide. Not once, but twice. And I remember? And God, you survived. Yeah, absolutely. I'm grateful I survived. But the second time I was laying in the bed and the doctors were around me. And at that time, they would put a tube down your nose and they would pump charcoal into your stomach to absorb the impurities.


It's the same thing we do to filter that exact same thing. And so they would put charcoal in to absorb the pure impurities. But I remember laying there and thinking, okay, I've tried to take myself out twice. And I wasn't able to do it. So I came to two conclusions. Number one, I was here for a purpose. I didn't know what it was, but I was going to figure it out. And I was gonna live my life that way. The second thing was, if I couldn't take me out, nobody could take me out. Mm. Wow. So when you see me walk into rooms, especially in this industry where historically we have done two things. Either we shrink or we complain. And I walked into every single room and had every conversation with people in this industry.


And they're looking at me like, you have not earned your stripes to be able to have a toe to toe conversation with me. And I'm like, I earned my stripes when I didn't die. Beyonce talked about that in dq when she shouted you out. How, first of all, how did you feel about that when she shouted y'all out? dq Yeah. People, people have been tagging me when her whiskey came out last week. I think I was in London and doing literally because love and whiskey dropped in London. And I was doing nonstop interviews. And so people are tagging me with, with Beyonce's situation. And yeah, And I, from what I understand from my husband, I have a really beautiful gift at home with her whiskey in it when I get back home. So I'm super excited. Yeah. About that. She, she gave you guys a really good shout out and talked about how good it was. Yeah. And like all that. But she also, like, literally the next question after they ask her about like just navigating business and industry.


Yeah. And she talks about how like, when it comes to brands, women have always had to kind of be forced into like the face of the brand. But you're never like the strategy, the planner and the, like the boss of the CEO. Yeah. So it's to hear you say that is in line with like, she really identifies with your story. Oh no, absolutely. And, and she's the queen. So You know we kinda all bow down there. There's a few things I gotta go back to. Number one. Yeah, please. Why did he call you h Just 'cause of your skin complexion. Just, I, the crazy part is, is at that time, it sounds funny now, but at that time is when black people, we thought we had sp enough natural SPF where we didn't have to wear it. Gotcha. So I was dang near your complexion at that time. But it was the eyes. Oh God. Because I knew, because I would literally sit in the sun to get my skin darker because I love that my eyes were so bright, the darker my skin was.


Mm. And so my skin was actually much darker complexion, but my eyes were bright green Gotcha. When my, when my skin was darker. And The second question, you mentioned Nickson Gardens, right? Yeah. And You know flew through the Nickon Gardens. Did you, when you were launching Uncle Ne, did you reach out to anybody there like, like a top dog or a J Rock? Because You know those people had capital. Like when you No. So when I began, first of all, I was there, but like I, like I, in high school I wasn't popular got so nobody would know. Nobody would know who I am and Gotcha. And, but when I began this, but She was probably out of there, but she was outta there before they Started, way before all that. But way you started, so you're talking, I mean we're talking about 94. Gotcha.


90. So I would've been there around like, it's gotta be 92, right? She was, her Dog was there in 92. Definitely. But that They didn't have the label successful like they did. She was probably around when Tyree was Talking. No, I'm talking about nap. You Talking about like the connection. Right. Shut. Let, let, lemme tell you, there was lots, I swear I had, I'm Talking about seven years ago when she first launched me. Oh no. But she, she was, I wouldn't have known. I like, I literally got, but I can tell you this, for my seed series, every black person I pitched turned it down for Series A. Every black person. Except for there's, I only have one Devin Johnson, which is Mav and LeBron's. COO. Yeah. Only person. Wow. Only black person.


Series B. I think maybe I picked up maybe one or two. But unfortunately for us, we tend not to believe in us. That's facts. And so we won't invest in us until we've already succeeded. See movement. And one of the, the most frustrating things for me is the only reason I even have African American investors in Uncle Nearest is in one of the series, I gave us a two month headstart. Get through all the paperwork. Look at before I, before I opened it up to everybody else. It's the only And I. I'm so grateful. I have incredible investors that I was able to go to them and say, listen, y'all are white And I actually want my community to also make money off of this.


So do you mind standing down on this next investor round and allowing them so they had such a head start still didn't take the majority of the round. Wow. I wish you thought we had money back then. I know, right? Just came up here seven years ago. Seven years ago, right. Yeah. We could, we could've thought, do you think that people didn't invest because they didn't believe, or at the time, quote unquote, whiskey wasn't as popular? Oh, no. Whiskey was at its height when this came out. So it wasn't, it wasn't whiskey. It was that you have a woman in an industry in which never succeeded. A black person in an industry in which never succeeded, not as founder and, and, and CEO. And then you have a person who knew nothing about this industry that was about to go toe to toe with a $24 billion heavyweight in the industry.


And so it was such a huge risk. But also I think that a lot of times we just don't believe in us. Yeah. So if I had been, if I had had this exact same story, had this exact same brand, my business plan was 50 pages deep. The SWOT analysis was no joke. I think if that had landed on desks and it wasn't a black woman, there's a really good shot that black people would've invested. And that's the crazy part. But because we're so new to business, we're so new to succeeding in business and because we're first generation money, and so we feel more comfortable in the things we can see in our garage than we do in a portfolio that is completely on paper.


I always say Of times we look at, I don't wanna say low, low hanging fruit, but a lot of times we, we invest in what we can see. Right? Yeah. You always see people investing. You see whiskey everywhere. Yeah. But Crown Royal is whiskey. But you, but, but you don't understand it. And, I Wanted to ask Crown Royal ain't really whiskey. Let's talk about that. That is vodka that is colored and flavored. Is it, you think it's so me have the sat in a barrel. Is it because it's so saturated now? Like it's everywhere that it, like did it start out as a whiskey? What are you, are you talking about Crown Royal? Yeah. I don't know. Oh, okay. I can tell you what it is now. Okay's, we drinking flavored and colored vodkas. What we having right now? Those in that purple bag. Gotcha. Have any of these celebrities, especially the ones that you named earlier, reached out to you for advice because you've, you've conquered, you, you, you're working, you, you, you put your foot in these people's asses where they, they're having a bunch of problems.


Whether it's a, a Diddy back then or a J or a 50 or a Kevin Hart or everybody else that has their own lick of Snoop. Yeah. Has anybody ever reached out to you for advice or help? So None of those, the people who have reached in me are generally those who want to start a brand. And their response is always when I say why, it's always Clooney. And I'm like, okay, so what do Cloy do? You know about the Clooney deal and he sold it for billion dollars every, that's it. They know. They don't know why that one worked. Why that was one out of like easily 99% plus celebrity brands fail easily in this industry. And everyone keeps pointing to that one. And I'm like, if you're gonna point to, you have to know why he succeeded.


It wasn't just his celebrity and just kind of, so I usually spend the whole conversation breaking down for them why that casamigos actually succeeded. And by the time we get to the end of the call, I usually don't see them come out with work because they don't wanna do the water, don't wanna do the work. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of foot. Like when I used to be in the market, I used to always see you in all of my accounts. Yeah. And, I. I always wondered like, how did you get, because it's hard to get in accounts. I was in those accounts. Yeah. You were. I and you were front. People don't understand there's a business and when you sit at the bar, you front and center at the bar, people can see you. That means your people are out there doing the work. Absolutely. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. Yeah. This is not a, this is not posted on social media and hold up your bottle, hold up your glass.


And you think that, I mean, If, you are a big celebrity, a really big celebrity that will allow you to have a great launch. But the work is not in the launch. The work is how you grow it after the launch. And that's where almost all of them fail. Did Beyonce reach out? No. Well, oh, okay. Years. Years. Years. Not Beyonce. Okay. Lemme say that not Beyonce. Yeah, because I couldn't tell because the way she, I mean the way she shouted y'all, I couldn't tell if she had spoke to y'all prior to launching her brand or not. But I can say this and it's, and it's because the person who reached into me had me sign an NDA. That's why I paused. Got you. Got you. Gotcha. You gotcha. But it was, it was quite a few years ago, And I gave my advice on it.


I said, these are the things that will need to happen if it's going to succeed. And And I said, and by the way, I'm around. So any person in this industry who is a woman or a person of color will tell you if they reach out to me, I give them all the keys, everything that I know I share freely. 'cause it's not mine to keep, it's not mine to hold. Absolutely. If the information came to me and it's gonna help you succeed, I'm going to give it to you. But you better still do the work. Right. And so I told them, this was probably about four years ago. I told them as you're working on this project, feel free to reach out to me at any time. And I will share with you whatever. I know And I didn't hear anything. So, wow.


Wow. Man, you got a story. That's, you got a book. So happy, happy for you man. Love happy for you. Congratulations on Everything. Uncle Nez is 1.1 billion. I got, I I I need to, I want to taste whiskey. I'm not gonna lie. Right. And I've never thought about drinking it before. 'cause whenever I think whiskey, I think Cowboys. Yeah. Right. Yeah. You know. But then when y'all got Uncle Nez, I was definitely appreciative of it and supportive of it, but I just never tasted it. Like really tasted it. Like, took your time. Let me, how do you drink? Tell you what's the best way to drink it. Tell So I personally, I love to drink it. Neat. But it just depends. That's with no ice. No, but a lot of people put it on a single cube. A lot of people fashion a cocktail. It tastes amazing. Old fashion is is, I was gonna say with meat, but it does old fashioned, Amazing everything.


Dinner meat. But, but let me, 'cause there are certain liquors you drink when you're eating, say, Hey, look at him. He just goes to the, is it, so here's the thing. So here's the thing. I, when I did research, And I learned how oysters gave us freedom. Being able to, I determined I was going to find oysters that I like. Now I still don't like most oysters, but I found like two varieties that I like because it was so important to pulling us out of poverty. So was whiskey. Mm. So unlike cotton, unlike tobacco, this was such a highly skilled job that you're talking about. Nearest Green, immediately following the Civil War had more money than his white neighbors because he was a distiller.


And when you're looking at Uncle Nearest near screen, so I, I should say this and then I know y'all have to wrap. The only difference between Kentucky Bourbon and which every single person on a bottle, I don't care who it is, white male, founded or led owned, all of that. But the only difference between Kentucky Bourbon and Tennessee Whiskey number one, this takes longer to make. It's more expensive to make. But it's the process that near Green taught Jack. It's the process of taking a traditional bourbon distillate, running it through sugar maple charcoal before it goes into the barrel to purify it. Same thing that was pumped into my stomach, except that wasn't sugar maple. But You know, same thing. Charcoal. And so that happens beforehand.


It goes into the barrel. That process was brought here by the Africans. Wow. That came with us. And so when we're talking about spirit brands in America, if African Americans are going to drink anything, our roots are in whiskey and not Crown Royal Canadian vodka, but like legit whiskey. And so If, You don't try, it's b than wine for me. So some people drink a lot of B wine. I drink old, old fashioned when I have Tennessee whiskey is bourbon. It's legally, it is bourbon. The only thing is, is we have to do an extra step. So since we have to pay for that extra step, we like to make sure people know it's also legally Tennessee whiskey. Gotcha.


But this is bourbon. Wow. Well thank you folk for Man support foam weaver And everything she does. Again, congratulations again. Latest Gentleman, get the whiskey Uncle Nearest everything. That's right. Like you are very, very inspiring in so many different ways. Absolutely. Thank you. And it's not, and to me it's not because of the 1.1 billion valuation. It's just because you had a dream and you did not give up on your dream. And it's a dream connected to the ancestors because of you. Uncle Nera story will continue to grow to be told. Yes. That's incredible. I feel like, like that's what we're here to do. Yes', it is right. It. We're not here to be reservoirs. We're here to be rivers. That's right. And my life is a river. That's Right. Fa Weaver. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us.


Thank you. DJ Envy. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


There's a lot of pros to drinking health aid, kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste Pro pairs. Well with anything pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple, Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha today.


We've all tried protein drinks on the go, but why don't they taste more like the ones we make at home or from the juice bar. They're too chalky and too sweet from sugar or artificial sweeteners. We love the health benefits but hate the taste. Now you can finally get both with Don't Quit Protein drinks Loaded with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins and minerals, and a cleaner approach to ingredients that use no artificial flavors or sweeteners, but still delivers that smooth texture and delicious taste we all crave fuel your perseverance with Don't quit clean protein drinks. Get yours now at Amazon.


Roku Has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


The following is a High Five moment from high five casino.com. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your Captain speaking. We have a slight delay because I just wanted high five casino.com. High five Casino. It's a social casino on your phone wherever you go. Inco win free spins, cash prizes, free game rewards over 1200 games in the event of emergency. Feel free to yell. I would@highfivecasino.com. Have you Had your high five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com High five. Casino was a social casino. No purchase necessary. Would prohibit to play responsibly conditions. See website for details. High five Casino.