
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Weather taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd, receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. And it's not silence the shame day. No, it is not. I know. I feel special. We have Ashanti dies back in the building. Good morning. What up Ashanti? How y'all Doing? Blessed Black and Tyler favor Outfit. Thank you. I'm trying to be like you. Oh, Shannon Ling. You know the great energy. Yeah. But then after I just had that baby you baby That beautiful baby girl. Thank you. Thank you. She has a new book or what do you call it? Book a pamphlet. I Call it a pocket guide. A pocket Guide. Pocket Guide. Yeah. Pocket guide. It's called Have Yourself A Merry Little Greekness Where it's 20 Tips for Navigating Grief During The Holidays.


I think this is amazing. Thank You. I don't think it's anything out like it. I think it's genius and it's, and at the fact it's a pocket guide, you can just really keep it in your pocket during the holiday season. Yeah, yeah. Talk, talk to us about it. So I actually, God placed it on my spirit to write it last year, but it was three days before Christmas, so everything was shut down. So I literally just had a friend of mine put it up on Amazon and this year I was like, I really wanna put it out. Right. And so I kind of re-edited, added a few things, and now it's out. It's 20 tips. You know, it's no stranger. You know, my grief story, those that might know my story. I lost my mom almost three years ago, my sister, five years ago, unexpectedly. And then my dad took his own life when I was just seven months old.


I've lost uncles along the way. Best friend took her own life in 2014. So like grief has been a part of my life. Yeah. And it, it is the greatest equalizer for all of us. 'cause we've all lost somebody. Y'all. And then you look at it, I was just making notes like, You know, rest in peace to Clark Kent, You know, and shout out to his wife and kids and You know, fat Man, scoop, Rico, Wade, people grieving in Atlanta. So those are just like the high profile people, but think about the aunties and the uncles. Right. Or that spouse or that child. You know, people are struggling and the holidays can be a really, really tough time. It's supposed to be a joyous occasion and time, but that's not the case. And grief is an individual journey and you gotta give people grace and space, as I say, to feel and heal.


And so all of these, these 20 steps, these are what you took to get through your grief to navigate through that. Yeah. Yeah. And again, especially during the holidays. 'cause I love the holidays. I'm like a big old kid. Yeah. Like my Christmas decorations, I hate to say was up in November. Mm. Like I'm that girl, Like your outfit gives holiday. Like I love it silver. You know, you like a nice people. Thank you. So trying to get some holiday joy. But it, it gets to be tough. And I find myself with the ugly cry at the light. Or if a Christmas song comes on and me and my sister used to listen to all the time or my mom, it just takes me back. But I allow myself to go through those moments. I don't care where I am. It could hit me now on the show and I'm gonna cry And I'll wipe my tears and move on. Lean into your field. That's your first tip. That's right. And You know, it's interesting, right?


'cause I, I love your dedication 'cause you dedicate the book to your sister, your mother, your father, grandmother, uncles, and a few great friends. And you say, I pray your souls a singing himes of good holiday cheer up in heaven, man. How difficult is it to, to have that mentality and and to believe that, but then also not wanna join them? Oh yeah. Before your time. Absolutely. I mean, I would give anything to see my sister and my mom and my loved ones, but it's my faith And I, it's so crazy. You know how you remember that one thing you forgot to put in the book? But last year I coined like this new acronym for grief and it stands for going right into extreme faith. So my faith is what got me to be able to even say that because I do feel like I'm gonna see my loved ones.


You know, I believe in life after death And I wanna make sure their souls are happy and that, You know, they're awaiting me. But I don't wanna leave this earth until it's my time. 'cause I still feel like God has more work for me to do. And You know, the space that I'm in now. That's right. Coming from having a really big career in music, being like the number two right under Sylvia Rone to like now just helping the culture and The World in a different way. Trying to heal because we are hurting out here. That's right. And a lot of people grieve, but they don't talk about it. And you don't have to talk about it, but you need to talk to somebody about it. I was gonna ask you, You know, all these artists in the music industry, And I know you spoke about it before, but I'm sure that with everything going on in the industry, do you think that these artists should be like, I guess the label should force these artists to do therapy or some type of therapy to make sure that their mind is right?


I know even in basketball and sports, they have therapists there to talk to the Yeah. To the athletes. And sometimes they say that the athletes are in their own way. You know, they gotta get things off of their mind before they can start, You know, going again. Do you think that it should be the same for the music industry? Yeah, I often said like, just like you have like spring training and camp for the athletes, that there needs to be some psych type of bootcamps. And my nonprofit silence, shame. We had been talking to a couple of labels trying to do some bootcamps, especially for like rookie artists if you will. You call 'em rookie artists, whatever it is. But they need to go through a series of trainings because we don't have insurance. Right. There is no union for music artists, which I feel like it should be. Yeah, definitely. A lot of them don't even have insurance. You know, shout out to music Cares who does a lot in terms of helping people through, You know, counseling and therapy and medical bills and stuff like that.


But these labels, just when they sign that deal, or even if it's management, you need to make sure that they're talking to therapists that they understand whether it's, You know, financial wellness, You know, overall mental health and wellness. How you navigate through the pressures of it. Because that's why so many people end up either using recreational drugs, that's a healthy way to cope. That's right. And I'm not the social police, You know, you can have your drinks or do whatever is your fancy, but don't use it to cope in the wrong way. Yeah. And so then you, something like death happens, right? You lose big Mama or you, you lose the person that raised you, which will oftentimes happen in underserved communities. And kids that go on and play in sports or work in the music industry become artists, You know, they lose that one person and then The World really comes crashing down and they don't know how to process through that grief.


And so I, You know, I find myself living at the intersection of health and culture now that is where I feel like my place is with God. And I just wanna be able to continue pushing the culture forward, letting people think about stuff like grief that you don't normally think about and how heavy it can be during the holidays. I love tip number six, reject the notion of another Lonely Christmas. That was definitely Just looking at that one too. Yeah. Yeah. And You know, that was my, one of my songs from Prince that I love. But, but I feel like, You know, if we tend to isolate ourselves, that just makes it worse. But when you're grieving, you really don't sometimes feel like doing anything. You don't wanna be around someone. Yeah. So you gotta really dig deep from within and use your faith and use those in your village around you to allow them into your space because you shouldn't be grieving by yourself during the holidays.


Yeah. But, but then you have like people who really did, they just, they, they can't bring themselves to even be around. Oh, for sure. Family. So like how do you set boundaries around the, You know, for the holiday season without, without, You know, looking like scrooge or like That, You know? So the flip side of that is you gotta be honest and upfront, You know, I talk about it like trying to set a plan, like whether it's right before Thanksgiving or, You know, right after Thanksgiving hits, you gotta tell your family members, look, Christmas is gonna look different for me this year. You know, I might not put up a tree. You know, you might have to put up one in your room if you, if your kids, if you still have family or other people, put it in your room. But I might not do the big tree. Or we might take a trip, we might do something different. Maybe we do a staycation or vacation somewhere else.


Like for me, when my sister passed away five years ago, we were heavy on Christmas. I spent every Christmas with her, like probably my entire adult and, and, and kid life. And so we used to do the pajamas before pajamas were things. So I went to London by myself and just spent the week. And I knew that if I was spending money to go somewhere, I wouldn't stay in my hotel room. And it kind of forced me to get out. So travel can be a really good way. Yeah. And the whole idea of it is just a change of scenery and doing something different. Last, I I just have one last question, tip number four. That's a major tip. No Is a complete sentence, You know. No, that's a difficult one. And the reason I always say that's a difficult one is because you got family members. This is the time where family feels like they can lean on you the most, right?


Absolutely. Bills are high, gas is high, they gotta get toys, they gotta get that, talk about that tip. So it's nothing wrong with saying no Guy is crazy, man. What? Because he said that's a major tip. No, it, so Barry, you should have paused that. Pause that one. Oh my God. That you, that was crazy. You kinky This a major tip. No, I don't want it. It's way too big for me. Oh my God. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't say none of that. I'm show crazy. You know what? You walked in when you came. Oh know, I love y'all. But no, seriously though No is very important. And it may be offensive to some of your family members if you tell 'em like, I can't do this during the holidays or I can't lend you that money, but you, you just gotta be selfish.


Right, man. Especially during those first few years of losing someone. And you have to be unapologetic about it. And, and just, You know, again, going back to establishing the boundaries, say, Hey, look, I can't do what I normally do and if you don't understand, I'm really sorry, but over time I hope you will understand what I'm going through. Because until you've walked through someone's shoes, until you, until you have experienced profound loss of a loved one, nobody really knows what to say. That's right. And you just have to, You know, be comfortable in saying no, no is a complete sentence. I can't go to the holiday event. I can't cook the Christmas cookies, I can't do the gingerbread house. I can't take the trip. I can't loan you a thousand dollars to go Christmas shopping this year. Like my pockets are dry. And I love the, the the fact that you said it's a complete sentence because then a lot of people ex is, are expecting for you to say why.


Nah, absolutely. I just know. No, I Can't. And when you put a put it out there early with the disclaimer and tell 'em what the plan is and say, look, I need y'all to do things differently this holiday season. I, I'm barely hanging on. And so if you love me, you will honor how I'm feeling. Right now. I'm in my no season, especially financially. And I cannot tell you how freeing it's been. It is been so freeing. I don't, I just can't even describe. It's like I just gotta set the boundaries. It's just like, no, I you have to, I'm not able to do it right now. I say boundaries are a blessing. And then as my last question Yeah. As far as social media, would you encourage, like, because I, I see that this, that's not a tip. I know you don't tell people what You know, what to do with this social media, but would you encourage people to stay off of social media?


So again, in the first few years, it can be really difficult. I had to stay off social media looking at every family Yeah. And their traditions because Ooh, it's just different. Yeah. I I we don't wake up and have on the same pajamas anymore. I, You know, Christmas is just different for me. Yeah. And it's hard looking at other families. And it's not that I'm not happy for y'all, it's just that it cuts deep. That's right. So I would encourage you if you, You know, are just losing somebody, monitor the time that you're on social media because you don't wanna find yourself going down that rabbit hole of comparing your life to somebody else's life. You know, things happen, unfortunately, You know, we, we are on bar at time.


I always say in this world anyway, nobody knows the day or the time of the hour. Yeah. Right. That we will pass on and pass away. And so live in the moment, be present, but protect your peace. And if protecting your peace means staying off of social media so that you don't have to watch all the joy and ha or the perceived joy, let's just say the perceived joy from social media that people are going through, then yeah. Give yourself that grace and space and, and don't be scrolling. Where can we find this pocket guy that tips to help you find peace and the Holly group Study? Yes. So the pocket guide is available on my website, www dot shanti dass. S-H-A-N-T-I-D-A-S dot BIZ. Or the ebook is available on Amazon. All I need to buy. A bunch of you just give 'em out. And I think this is, and That's what I, I've been gifting it like, You know, shout out to several of my friends, Tracy Baker Simmons and Tita Sarita.


They both were like, oh my god, this is such a blessing. Yeah. And so I'm praying hopefully some TV show will have you on so I can talk about it and, and it, You know, I don't care if you're black, white, Asian, Jewish, what You know, nationality, background, ethnicity, this book can help you. Yeah. Because again, we all go through grief. It's just finding pathways forward. Yeah. Alright. That's right. Well Ashanti dos, we appreciate you for joining us always. And make sure you pick out her pocketbook. Her pocketbook sounds crazy. It sounds like a pocketbook. You Better pocket somebody. Rob, Make sure you pick up her pocketbook. It's The Breakfast Club Ashanti dos, Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Welcome to The World of Bose ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


Alright, we're all set for the party, I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and wow, It's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jollier. Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off.


Don't delay.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.