
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like a tune. Check out boz.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill Diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building today. Yes, we got Ro, Timmy, Rob, Tim. Yes sir. My brother. What's, I'm good brother. How you doing? How you doing family? I'm good. Yeah. Good to see you. Good to see you. It's been a couple years, but Yeah, I know You've been working. I'm doing what I can. You talking about family life? 'cause last time we seen him, he ain't wasn't married. He ain't no kids. Or you talking about the music part? I'm talking about both, but I'm talking about like this. I'm, he has the husband and dad glow. That's right. You know. So that's amazing. Thank you. Thank you. You That's good. Being, being being a father, man. And it's changed my life, man, because having a 3-year-old boy and a a 2-year-old girl, like I'm just learning so much about myself as a man.


And it just does it. So anybody, fathers man, like, please spend time with your children because at this age, I'm seeing how much it is that it affects them that I'm not there. You know. So it's, it, it is a beautiful thing just to see him grow and him both grow. Yeah. Yeah. Now is it a difference? Like I know you had your son first. Yeah. Was it, did anything change when you had your girl? So, yeah, so being in, in Nigerian mind now though of parenting that You know, but my son like, so I'm blessed because my son is actually a genius. Mm. So like, and everybody said about their kid. I Was about to say that. Everybody said about their kid. Everybody, everybody. Kid's genius. No. Like we really can't put him in school because his brain, the way he takes information is at a 8-year-old level.


Mm. Damn. So we had to take, so he's doing preschool just to be around other kids for social, But a social one. Yeah. But In terms of, we had to get a tutor because it's too advanced. So he's doing his alphabets backwards. He's speaking Spanish, learning Swahili at three. So like, and so I tell him things and he gets it once, so I'm blessed. But then the funny thing is my daughter is actually faster because she's watching her brother. Right. So now they're both going through the same thing. So it's, it is a blessing because it's like, so they In the house teaching y'all Shit? Yes. Yes. He like, oh dad, X, Y, Z, ZG. And that's not, I know my CBA, I'm like, What? His son is an account when no one's an attorney You.


know what I'm saying? So it's, it's been beautiful, man. But I'm done with two though. I'm good. Yeah. I'm finished. You done. Is she, why? You just has you He just told us how much love he had. I know, right bro, what an experience. But I'm done. No, I'm done. I'm done. Because this generation, dude, it is, it is too many. You need, you need to focus on what you can. I'm already gone, so I'm already at a disadvantage. So like, just making sure two is good at this in this time, then I think that's enough for me personally. Yeah, that's what I said at first too. And then you Had came And. I have six. Jesus. Six two. At first I got a 23. She just turned 23 yesterday. Wow. At 23. A 21. Yeah. Yeah. And then we waited like 10 years. Yeah. And, I got a 11, a 10, a eight. Wow. And a 2-year-old. Wow. Wow. I love being a father.


Like being a father is is it keeps you young. Yeah. It keeps you on your toes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It just, it it keeps you hungry as well. Absolutely. And I. Enjoy it. Now, your wife said that after two days of meeting you. Yeah. Yeah. She knew you were the one. Yeah. Did You know she was the one after two days? Oh boy. Don't Get him in trouble. In trouble, In trouble. That breakfast in Trouble. Love that. Breakfast in Trouble. Yes. Not because of her, but because I wasn't ready for what she already was ready for. And usually women are smarter than us. You get what I'm saying? So like, she saw it, I knew it. I fought it You know what I mean? I knew that I never experienced something like that. I ne I knew that I, I met someone that was already challenging me as a person and spiritual.


Like, she's a prayer warrior. So like, her whole thing was we speaking in tongues for an hour and a half. We going, we reading the Bible together. Like, so she approached me on a way that like, it made me say, damn bro, you really aren't who you think you are as a person. You're still a boy. You know. And so she made me mentally level up. So I still was like, nah, she's lit. But everybody then I'm like, oh my God, I can't stop thinking I can't stop vibing. I can't stop. I don't want nothing else. It was a gradual. How did y'all meet? We met at Essence Fest. So, so Visa's a, she's a, she's an artist, but she retired, but she's an artist and she was headlining as well on the main stage at Essence, it's a funny quick story that I was there for power, but I was also performing.


So I went to a private party party. Okay, I'll start from the top. I went from a private party. And I actually had a girl there with me. Oh damn. Yeah. Yeah. Like a fly, like a nice little weekend vibe. You know, I was still in my, the whole Timmy days You, know what I'm saying? Oh, Timmy. Tim, Tim days. I was in the Timmy days. So no, I was still vibing You know. But it was short. Was like, yo, I, I, I don't feel too well, I'm gonna stay in And. I was like, well I gotta go to this Spotify party really quickly. I'll be there 10 minutes. I'll meet you in a bit. She's like, I don't feel like going. But she was with me the entire day. I go to the party and all my power crew was this way. And I was like, man, I just seen all these niggas. I'm, I'm I don, I've seen 'em.


I'm good. Let me just do my own thing. And there she is, like literally sitting on a pool table and it was just like, oh wow, who is this? And then we spoke for three, four hours. So the illest thing that I did that I feel like changed the trajectory of our relationship was the fact that she was like, look, I really want to get to know you. I think you're super lit. Let's see each other tomorrow. And I said, honestly, like, I have somebody here. I don't wanna cross ties, I don't wanna play You like that. Oh wow. Yeah. I didn't want to, I don't wanna put you in a situation where you view me as this guy. So let me handle this first and then we can link You know whenever, when there's no distraction. Yeah. So she remembered that. 'cause I know if she would've met me doing this, she would've been thinking forever. That like, anybody's like that You know.


So that's how we met. And You know we've been together ever since. And she, she wasn't living in the States at the time. She was in Tanzania. So she flew out and yeah, the rest is history. So the young Lady that you left in the hotel, I was sick. I was raised, She must feel sick. Oh my God. Y'all know, like, why you put sick? Why you gotta be sick? Why you gotta go out and leave me? It could have Been a headache from her drinking too much. Could Why you gonna say you left a sick girl in the room? You went to go back somebody else You. know what I'm saying? It was crazy. So how was That conversation with her? 'cause now it's like You know. Yeah. If he wasn't sick, you Caught of You could've been the one. Yeah. Yeah. You, I don't even know. She could have been the one. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But she was dope. But again, I wasn't in that mindset of anything.


I just met someone that made me say, oh, got you. This is different bro. Don't lose this. But I do respect how you told V like, yeah, I'm here with somebody. And, I, don't even You know. I don't want y'all to cross ties. Yeah. I I love that And I feel like, again, like You know the way you meet people sometimes people never forget because then it starts being like, okay, well you did this to me. Yeah. Oh, so then everything is always been integrity. Yeah. You know. And so I wanted to start her off that way. And then I had the conversation with Shorty like, look like You know this is, this is a vibe. We cool. I had a good time. You know, I think we're just going to, and she was like, yeah, okay. No problem. It was nothing. It wasn't deep. So how Long were you together with your wife before you actually asked the question?


A year and a half. And how did You know? 'cause nowadays, I, I feel like people wait a lot longer 'cause they wanna make sure with You know so many people talking about toxic relationships. So many people getting divorced. What say this is the one And. I wanna do it now. He Just said he was speaking tongues for four hours. Lord. Yes. Nah, You know. The illest thing that I've, I've always done in my career personally is I've always trusted my instincts and I've always touched, trusted my intuition. So I never second guess anything You know. And that's because I never took an acting class. I never took music lessons. It was always whatever. So this is no different that I knew that it was okay, this is the time.


Oh, this is gonna be it. This is how, how, how it goes. And, I'm very in tune with God. So everything was just like, okay, this is who it needs to be and this is who it is. So it was, it was ordained bro. Like, I can't really tell you. Like Yeah, yeah. I'm, it was just like, this woman doesn't deserve to wait You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like what am I doing? I already know. So why, why waste time? So What is Themi prayer? They been asking the prayers for Sierra. Sierra, but once they hear this man, the way he speak about v his wife, they gonna be asking for that prayer. Yeah. I wanna know, how has being a husband and a dad affected your music? Like it, did it change make you wanna sing different, about different things or He Keeps singing, he got like 19 songs. I know, but how, how does this impact your music now?


The family life? Well, I'm able to make records that, so for example, I have a song called Bless. Right? And it just basically says on the album, it basically says, I have everything I need. And it's a mixture of Afrobeat with gospel You know. That's the one version. Then I have a version of You know, when I met her, in essence, And I wrote from the perspective of don don't need nobody else, it's you. And it put it on some cool drums. So that love has been easy to trans because it's, it's, it's transcribed because it's just naturally what's going on. And me and punch, we, we did this whole project together. So my stories are easy to convey to my brother You know.


And so we're able to just, to get these going. But as a Father You know, like you said earlier, like before we even started, just being able to look in my kids' eyes and say, yo, like I have no choice but to win yo. Like, I have, I have to do this. I don't have a regular nine to five where I can clock in, do what I need to do and go home. I have to earn everything creatively and think ahead. So when I look at him and he's happy and he's doing his alphabets backwards, I'm like, I gotta fund this You. know what I mean? And so that, that mindset has made me a, a even bigger hustler when it comes down to it. And You know I was going through a lot of mental issues, not issues, but mental moments where it was like covid at the time.


And then dealing with a, a, a woman who I genuinely loved for sure. But postpartum is a, is a, is a monster that men don't really talk about that we gotta deal with as well. And being, giving and giving and giving. So I was going through so much at the time that music was my therapy. So that's why it took so long to make this next, this project now. Because one, I had to get myself right mentally right. And then make sure my family was good and then kill a lot of my bad habits of who I was, who I was before I go to the next stage. Now, did you have To go to therapy? Yeah, I did. I did. I tried it. I tried it. What made you Try it too? Because I'm usually the guy that everyone goes to for answers.


I'm usually the guy that everyone goes to for prayer. I'm usually the guy that everyone goes to, like, yo, can you help me through this? And when you're like a leader or, or who do you go to? Yeah, You know and, and my wife definitely is there, but there's certain things men go through that no one else can really, and a lot of people don't go through the same things I deal with on a daily of fame and pressure and anxiety and You know being around people that you just clout chasing. Right? Right. It's a, it is a toxic industry. Yes. So when you go through so much of that, no one really is there to talk to. So then I was like, God, help me.


I did that at the time. I wasn't ready for that true conversation. Then I went and said, lemme just talk to somebody. And it was great. But I think it's really important to have the right therapist too. Absolutely. You know. So it didn't really match. And then that didn't work. But I, I could see how it does work. Yeah. Then it was like, no, let me just, let me just go to the Bible, man. Let me just go to the Bible. And then, and then I just opened up Peter and Peter became my therapist. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I just kept reading the Bible. I read James and like those two books changed my mindset and just gave me like the guideline of how to be a good man, a cerebral man.


And so that changed my life, man. That genuinely changed my life. So therapy helped, it opened the door, but then I just used God and, and, and disciples as my therapist. Were You going through depression? Is that why you said, I have to see therapy? Was it something that you was like, I need some help? Like what got you to the point where it's like, I need this help? Was it anxiety? Was It Yeah, it was, it was anxiety. It was anxiety that I never felt before. It was feeling like, like at the time I really couldn't speak to anybody. That The World is shut down. And then also I had a hit record, like so in my Bed was going ridiculous at that time, but I couldn't travel You know, so I couldn't promote it the way it needed to promote. So you're seeing it go viral, but you're like, damn, I can't even really do anything You know.


And so that also played into it. But then it was also just like, you're not able to move. So you're starting to see the bank account go a little You know. And so you're just like, damn, I never felt this. I've always been good. And so being able to start v viewing self-awareness, like, okay, why do I feel this way? What are my triggers? What do I go through that makes me say, okay, let me use this as an outlet. What am who am I? Like And I didn't have those answers at the time. And I was praying and it, but I wasn't as close to God as I am now. And it was just like, man, I just need to talk to another person, You know with an unbiased and just gimme some advice. And And I did it and it was beautiful. It was just, I wish that, well, everything happens for a reason.


But I, I could see how it works for people. And I just said, okay, You know no more, no more trying to tough it out. Why? Why am I toughing it out when I'm hurting myself? You know And I. I think as black men, we need, and people in general, as black men, we need to be okay with being vulnerable. We need to be okay with dealing with insecurities. We need to, because it makes you strong when you attack them You know and, and, and starve the things that you think are vices, You know. And so I did that. I stopped drinking, stopped smoking, stopped doing everything I was doing and really just said, You know this two years is gonna be about me before I even write a record. And that's when, when I got right, it was when everything just started falling in my in together.


You know what I, were you drinking too much? Were you smoking too much? Or was it controlling your life to the point where you was like, I have to stop. It wasn't like an addiction, right? But it was more of like, for 10 years of my life, through a whole power run through music, through having platinum records, you're in the club and doing this three, four days a week. So liquor becomes a vice. Yeah. Liquor becomes, and then you're having, sometimes you didn't even realize social anxieties are things, so you're like, damn, don don't wanna really talk to these people, but this is soothing me. So let me drink this to to to get through the moment, to get more Comfortable talking to People more You know. So you don't realize. And then you're like, damn, I got a show. I'm on tour. And they're like, why do I feel like I need to drink a little bit before I hit the stage?


That's Man. Yep. You get what I'm saying. You know as a community, You know. You know on stage I've Had the same thing. Yep, yep. And now I don't, I don't, well, when I was pregnant, of course I couldn't drink. Of course, of course. But before that, I, I, I did stop like, yo, why do I need a drink before I go on? It's just like that nervousness and, and anxiety. And you didn't even know it was that until you go through something and you're like, damn, I don't need that. Exactly. And so for me it was like, not again, it was, it was a, it was a crutch, not rather not a addiction. I didn't need it, but it was like, Ooh, this is good for what I need right now. You know and, and smoking and things like that. And it was just like escape, You know. And so when I realized, damn, I'm using this as an escape rather than just for joy or pleasure of whatever, I don't, don don't want that.


So how do You deal with it now? 'cause your life still wraps around clubs Yeah. In the industry. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure you still have those anxieties of, of going to a club and not want to talk to people or performing on stage. How do you deal with that Now? I think I realized that that vices and liquor and things are, are the, isn't the problem. I realized that there was, that's just the solution. It's not the problem. It's a deeper thing that it's, it's me. So once I started getting me whole, once I started realizing, yo, you are enough, bro. Once I started realizing there's a relationship with God that needs to be tapped, tapped in more, or once I started realizing that the devil's a liar, You know, once I started realizing self-awareness is gonna change this once I got me right.


I didn't need those things. I liked how I felt better without them actually Gotcha. You know what I mean? So it's like it wasn't a solution. It was, it was a solution to a problem that I had to work in within myself. Gotcha. You know. And so once I realized that it took the power away from anything You know, I didn't need validation even. And in this industry, you get so used to getting validated and you are lit, it becomes a, oh, this is how I need to feel. It's a normal thing. So when you're not getting that at times it's like, what's, what's wrong with me? What hap what, what changed? What happened? What You know. And so even going through that, so just, I tell my boys and tell people like, listen man, it's okay to, to use these things as testimony because more people are going through these things than not You know.


And so when you can see somebody who's just happens to be in a, a public space, I'm no different from you. Yeah. You know, I just worked on myself, You know I did the little things. And again, this is not a saying in addiction, it's just I know that when there was an issue, I'd run to something or You know. And so I just would make it where I didn't run to anything. I just ran to God. And I ran to myself and my family. You know. And so that was what it was. I love hearing that you got the song Bestie. Yes. Yes. And you sampled from the Lauren Hills. Yes. Killing me softly. Yes. Did she need to hear that before you Yes, she did. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. How was it working with her? Even, even just letting her hear that. So Bestie is one of my favorite records on the album.


And it's one of those songs that is Divine Man. So Laury Hill went to my, my high school. Okay. So we all went to me, csa, Lau Hill, a lot of other people You. know what I mean? And so Is that where Angela e went too? Yes. As went. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So yeah. So we all from that, from that cloth. And it was amazing because Full Circle really quickly, I was a freshman when she came and did her Hall of Fame speech. So I was third row sitting watching her get her speech. And I'm like, man, I'm telling my boy. I'm like, yo, bro. Like I'm gonna do that, bro. And they don't really give, they give it like maybe every 10 years to somebody You know. And I was like, I'm I'm just gonna be me, bro. And this like, there's like 4,000 people that go to our school.


So it, the odds of it being you is not really likely. So And I just worked, worked, worked. And I did the little things, man. And, and in 2018, I was inducted to my high school Hall of Fame Dope. Oh, You. know what I mean? And I brought my boy who I told I'm gonna do. Told you. Yeah, that is what's up. I told You know. And then, but also that same year, CSA was invited as well to the Hall of Fame. So she, and, and, and a lot of people don't understand that when we grew up, like I was a ball player singing girls da da popular kid. And she was like, kind of like a outcast, You, know what I mean? To herself, really didn't, and she'll talk about it, but I was always been like, yo, come hang out with us. Come kick it with us. When everybody was like pushing away, pushing her away.


'cause we didn't understand the, the swag then like she was swaggy like thi this then You know. Oh wow. Before her time. So yeah, just different You know. And it was like, ah, whatever. So, so it was dope to hear You know, acknowledge that in her speech too, that You know like, RO took care of me when I was in school. But but do you call her now and be like, yo, CSOR, you remember when the whole school was against you? I need that verse. I know you charging about it right now. Remember your bro that held you down, you call and did you verse of course. Oh, well it's so dope because during the time that Love Rhythm was going crazy in my bed was going crazy. And then she called me and was like, yo, I love what you're doing. Let's get this going. And then literally when the like two weeks later, her stuff started going berser.


Mm. And it was like, okay. And it was Solana. You remember that song that you said? It goes, there's a meeting in my bed You know that one. You know. So it was, it was cool. But you had to respect it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, sorry. So Laury Hill, she heard the record, thank God for Empire to clear it. But she had to clear it first. Yeah. But I wasn't there when she heard it though. Okay. But, but yeah, from what I heard, it was Love and You know, again, like having a legend You know I've used her sample twice actually. You know from in my Bed. Oh, oh yeah. Okay. You know. And so it was always paying homage, You know. And so that record doing well was really cool. But yeah, it's been, it's been a, it is been a, it is been a beautiful journey. Yeah.


Beautiful journey. Speaking up in my bed. Do you ever feel pressure to match the success of Lover Them or In My Bed As a competitor? Yes. You know what I mean? As a dog, yes. But You know, it's, it's, it's this moment You know because there, oh yeah. And that's, but the thing is too, I was making those type of records right. While I was filming Power. Right? So the label would be like, yo dog, you got two days to make a hit. Go to LA do what you need to do. I was never able to comfortably make music like these other artists are able to do. Yeah. So I was, thank God for the talent, I was able to go make a record, go back to set while I'm making the record studying my lines in the booth, there's a meeting in my, alright, so Dre's supposed to, okay, cool, got it.


Like I'm doing that damn. And thank God it was, it was able to go platinum. But at the same time, I never had the op opportunity that other artists had. So now I was like, bro, let me get, get yourself right. Take care of your family. This is a season that you're supposed to grow home because when it goes crazy, again, the foundation gotta be solid. That's why you sitting down You know. So then it was like, okay, but in the meantime, let's make the best music possible. So that's why this project took two years because I wanted to make 18 in my bed moments. You know what I mean? With this double album. And so I feel comfortable, I was able to take my time, visualize it.


And the cool thing about it is that I was doing in my bed and servicing my Afrobeat fans instead of the r and b side would be like, yo, where's our record? You know? And so now we were like, let's literally make a double album nine records Afrobeat nine records r and b. It's called In My Heart for the r and b side in my veins for the Nigerian blood. So you getting the two versions of Rot Timmy full album. And, and these are my life stories, You know, but then it was like, yo, some people just like the acting side. So I was like, well let's figure this out. Let's fund and pay for every music video to be shot. So we, but we put money down, we put, I put about a quarter million and make every video and then, then the label's like, yo, we got 10 songs for you, bro.


We can only do 10. I was like, nah, I don't want to do 10, I wanna do 18. Mm. Well, okay, well you gotta pay for it. Pay for the other eight paid. The producer paid everything. So it was like, again, I tell artists or people man, like, you have to invest in yourself. You gotta believe in yourself because I know what this is gonna do. And you may not see it right now, but I know what this is gonna do. So let me take this upon myself to make it happen with no questions. So we, they were like, we could do two, two rec, two videos. I was like, all right, cool. That's standard. This is great stuff. Thank you You. know what I mean? But now we doing 18 You know we're gonna service it out for everybody to be able to, to have a moment with their song. 'cause it's rot Timmy acting as well.


So you get in the r and b side, you get in the Afrobeat side and you getting the actor You know And I directed everything. Mm. You know what I mean? And so shout out to Beyonce because I know Beyonce has done something where it's the double album and You know. But what we are doing differently is we're treating every song like a single. So the album drops, every song is out, but every three weeks you're gonna get a new video. So you're gonna be getting new content from the same project for about seven, eight months. This is the Real definition of a body Of work, right? A body of work. Yeah.


I was like, yo, the holidays Are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mix that comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Hey Guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run high. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Is your country falling apart, feeling tired, depressed, a little bit revolutionary? Consider this. Start your own country. I planted the flag. I just kinda looked out of like, this is mine. I own this. It's surprisingly easy. You Know, 55 gallons of water for 500 pounds of concrete. Everybody's doing it. I am King Earnest Emanuel. I am the queen of Laia. I'm Jackson, the first king of caper bird. I'm the supreme leader of the Grand Republic of Minton. Be part of a great colonial tradition. Well, why Can't I trade my own country? My forefathers did that themselves. What Could go wrong? No country willingly gives up their territory I was making with the black powder You know with explosive waterhead. Oh my God, what is that? Bulls bullet holes. We need hail. We still have the off road portion to go Listen to Escape from Zack Stan. And we're losing daylight fast. That's escape from ZAQ Stan on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


As a kid, I really do remember having these dreams and visions, but you just don't know what is gonna come for you. Alicia Keys opens up about conquering doubt, learning to trust herself and leaning into her dreams. I think a lot of times we are built to doubt the possibilities for ourselves for self preservation and protection. It was literally that step by step. And so I discovered that that is how we get where we're going. This increment of small, determined moments. Alicia shares her wisdom on growth, gratitude, and the power of love. I forgive myself, it's okay. Like grace, have grace with yourself. You're trying your best and you're gonna figure out the rhythm of this thing. Alicia Keys, like you've never heard her before. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey Job. And. I. Go by the name Q Ward. And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We're gonna discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people to hopefully create better allies. Think Of it as a black show for non-black people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence. And we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. Exactly Whether you're black, Asian, white, Latinx, indigenous, lgbtqia plus, you name it. If you stand with us, then we stand with you. Let's discuss the stories and conduct the interviews that will help us create a more empathetic, accountable and equitable America. You are all our brothers and sisters and we're inviting you to join us for civic cipher each and every Saturday with myself, Ramseys Ja Q Ward and some of the greatest minds in America. Listen to Civic Cipher. Every Saturday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Like if I'm, if I'm gonna, I'm not gonna come out and do everything that a regular artist go two weeks, they do promo and then you don't hear nothing else. And it's done. It is done. Nah, I worked too hard for this. Yo, I put my life on this. I put a half a million into this thing on my own. Yeah, it has to work. So we going melt this, make it go, make the music undeniable. You're not a messy artist. You're not talk somebody that's gonna talk about somebody like I know bro like I. know I can get up here and have three strippers and put a thousand dollars on each of they ass and be like, it's up. What's up? I'm single and it's gonna go viral. And then listen to the breakup song about my woman. Then everybody listen to that. I know. I take that clip and say that you wanted to Bring, We gonna cut that up.


So go ahead. Go. Yeah. Yep. But You know what I mean. I know I can do that. I know I can manipulate the system because it's, it is what it is. People like that type of stuff. And you Have done that before. 'cause I was looking at an interview where you said it was fifties idea to say Yeah. Yeah. That you owe him money Yeah. To keep the momentum of your records Momentum going. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's, yes. So Love with him. Love with him was number one at the time. And he was like, yo, bro, honestly, I got this idea, man. Like, okay, I left, I got out my deal with 50. Was it a one album deal or it was a two album deal? But I had one more And. I said, bro, I want to do this on my own. You know I believe in this. And why did you wanna get out? Did you feel like No, I think, I think at the time there was a lot.


He had just fired everybody You know. And so like, there was a lot going on at the time and the show was so on fire that it was like, there's no way that there could be focused on what this is at this particular time. Especially 'cause my character's going od lip crazy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I'm like, let me just take myself out of this because the timing wasn't right for to be a focus. So I was like, let me just bet on myself, You know what I mean? And thank God for his, his his, his, his love for me and his wisdom. He was like, look, I'll let you out. But You know mechanically you owe me 300,000 for the investment that I've put in it. So I had to pay him back mechanically. So from the sales of my product, product is how he'll get paid back.


Gotcha. Which is standard You know what I mean? You know. So like, I didn't have to give my 300,000 like this. Yeah. But over time, whatever records I do work with, with whoever I work with next, they get, he gets that money. So the record, we put the song out, love Rhythm is number one RB album going crazy. And he calls me, he's like, look bro, I got this idea. I'm gonna say I don't like you. I'm say I wanna punch you in your nose. I'm gonna tell you I don't, I don't rock with you. What's, and then, but the thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna mention 25 times that. How can this nigga not pay me when his album is number one? Mm. So when he did that, the psychologic psychology of people is like, what am I missing? Wait, RO got a number one album where?


What's going on? And that's, that's how it blew. Mm. You get what I'm saying? So that's genius marketing. It definitely is. Now you owe 50 300,000 and his marketing genius. Yeah. You know what I mean? So he, it worked because he got his money back in like four months. You. know what I mean? So it worked, but at the same time, yes, I know I can do those things. You know. And for me, I was like, the only way I can combat gimmicks and being messy and things that just make undeniable product that lives forever, You know. That's why in my heart and my veins feels like that man. I, and that's how I grew up. Like being from Jersey, there was no cutting corners. There was no, you had to work for what you got You know, being Nigerian either as well.


I didn't cut corners. You know I did the little things You. know what I mean? So that's what it was for me. I understand. I understood very early, like the little things is what keep you around. That's right. The longevity. Where when was the last time you go to your job and you shake everybody's hand, You know, look everybody in your eye, remember everybody's name. That changes the room. That changes the energy. When is the last time you ask, how are you and genuinely listen You know what I mean? Like, so whenever I'm, I, I carry those things and those principles got me to where I am along with everything else. But those things people remember You know. So I was like, no, I'm not gonna cut no corners. You know. Let, let's, let's do it.


Let's, this is who I am. I I am in a relationship. I do have kids. I am fly. I do make great music. I am an actor. Let's, let's, let's write about it and let's talk about it and be pure about It now and acting. Do you like being the villain? Because we, we seen you in the villain. Yeah. In in power shows. We seen you even with Joy the Lucas, we Seen you as the villain. Yeah. And sometimes I don't like you. Yeah. I'm talking about I ain't like this man for a Whole series. No. The join the Lucas made me, I'm like, don don't like, Oh my God. And I had to remember, oh, I noticed this. But like, it makes me not like him. Like, do you like playing the villain? Okay. Yes. But, but in doses now You know what I mean?


Like when you play something like Dre, man, that's polarizing bro. And I know what that if I was just an actor, that would be the most amazing thing to deal with of being like, damn bro, you killed that. But I got a whole different other side You know. So it made music 10 times harder. You know. Oh yeah. You know, because how do you have, you got a number one show as a villain, but then you, you got a number one record that's r and b in love. So it's like, You made me so mad on power. I ain't even wanna listen to you listen. Exactly. Like nah, nah. Exactly. But then when, come on, it's just like, yeah. You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. So like that made it tougher. So I had to get over, I had a conversation actually with Tyse about it. Like, bro, how do you do this man? Like, that was A long conversation.


I Bet, I bet. I bet y'all just finished that shit. Damn. So I had a conversation with him. I'm like, bro, like how do you do this man? And his, it was lit how he explained to me, he was just like, carry the vessel that's bringing you to where you are. Just carry that. Make people want to know who that person is. Kill that to the point where yo, who is this Dre guy? And then be ready with what you have. That's the only way you can do both and be successful. So I took that and Jamie actually said the same thing too. So it was like, oh, this is how y'all did it. You know. So when I got that information, it was Body Dre and let people learn about Rot. Timmy You know. And so to answer your question about the, the, the the villain, join a Lucas.


I told, I said no twice. Like I was like, really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like, nah, I thought it was dope. Like it's a dope C dope view. It changed it, it was incredible. I said, Why'd you finally say yes? It was, it was good Money. I was gonna Say the bag guy. Right. Didn't You know? And I'm a fan of his, but I didn't want to do videos. Like I didn't want to And I, And I. He was gonna be a video vixen. I didn't want to be Exactly. Exactly. I didn't know what I was walking into You. know what I'm saying? Right, right, right. You Know what I'm saying? I didn't want, I didn't want that. 'cause I had been so quiet musically for a while. I want the first thing that people see is, is that like always doing videos now. Like I didn't Perception You know. Yeah. But the bread was amazing. Then I actually heard the record as well. And I was like, oh, this is like a one man show, a straight monologue that I gotta really study because it's about, it was about 15, 20 pages of, of of transcribed lyrics.


And I gotta match his whole energy and switch up. And I was like, oh, this is gonna be fun. You know And I mean. I think we should have won an Oscar Grammy or Something like that. Yeah. Usually joiner's music videos are like motion pictures. They are Phenomenal. It's Phenomenal. Like drama series. It's phenomenal. Yeah. Yeah. So, but, but at this point I thank God for Lena Wa man because this new character that I'm playing on The Shy is completely different. You know. So now I'm seeking roles that are completely the opposite way because it's so much more to me, I, I can do that easy. That's, I grew up around a lot of Dres You. know what I mean? Yeah. I grew up around niggas like this all the time. So for me it's just like, let's show the other aspects of who Timmy is and all the ranges that I have.


So the newest character on The Shy, and it's been amazing, man. We filmed season seven. I was only, again, this goes back to just being a good person. Like I met Lena 10 years ago at Sundance. I, I, me and John Rieger did a movie, Imperial Dreams and she had won for Dear White People. And Energy was, yo, how are you? You're amazing. You're great. And she was coming up. I'm coming up and it was, we just stayed close and just making sure she was good. I haven't seen, I still haven't seen Lena since 2014 still. But every year I'm saying Happy birthday. Having this, sending gifts. She's sending me kids for my kids.


She's sending me things for You know Happy Father's Day, all this. So we love, that's dope. Then she finally called like, y'all got a role for you? If you wanna come do a episode, You know episode or two. Are you working right now? I'm like, no, I'm not. I'm not. She was like, all right, cool. Let's, let's come to Chicago. Got something for you that's dope. And two You know, again, you gotta take, I try to, I try to tell my story but also give You know as much as I can where I was only given two episodes. But with those two episodes, I bodied it to the point where it's like, I want him for the whole season. Mm. And hopefully God will him for beyond whenever You know. But every time you get an opportunity in any field, yo, you don't know who's watching.


That's right. You don't know what's going on. You don't know what hand you just shook. You don't know how you impacted that person's life. Yep. You don't know how far this could go. So maximize every opportunity you can because they don't come often. And so when I, when I understood that, I realized, okay, You know this is how you do it. But then also being a good person and also maximizing the moment You know it always happens. Now, people were mad at you. 'cause you said that you brought Afrobeats to America. You still stand by that. Absolutely. But the way it was worded was crazy. Right. So I was the first American Nigerian to bring Afrobeats to a place where Americans were able to digest it on radio.


Right? So for example, I was going to program directors and playing love rhythm and being, they were like, yo don don't even know how to, what's the beat on rhythm on this? Mm. This what is this? I was in those moments. So when I started doing it, it became a, oh, I like this also doesn't mean that there weren't people before that were doing, it had moments, but because I am from here and because it's relatable, because Mr. Butterscotch was doing what it needs to do. So like, and what I'm saying is digestible and understood, like it felt inclusive. So it was a pacier to start the movement here. Not necessarily them bringing it wiz.


And they were always lit. But in terms of the timing, Liz Wizz then had the record with Drake, then DeVito came out. So it was all the same time. But for me it was, I remember going to program directors, they didn't even know what it was. And so now this record's going crazy. It becomes, oh, I like this. Oh, that's what it was. Yeah. Okay. And then I came back within my bed. So it was like, oh, I was the only one besides really Chris Brown that's out here. Yeah. That's really doing it where it feels like, oh, it's a bridge. So I was Yeah, definitely would say I was the bridge in that. However, the burners and Dto and Wizz and all them Yes, of course it affected The.


World. Yeah. But I remember going to those moments where they didn't hear the one dance yet. They didn't hear the, I gotta ask, people were upset With Chris Brown, right? Yeah. Were not upset with Chris Brown, the Academy, because they were saying that Chris Brown is an American artist and he shouldn't be in the Afrobeats Category. Right. What's your thoughts on that? I Believe that he definitely should. Yeah. Music is music. Music is music, bro. Like that's what I'm saying. We get so crazy with this trying to box people into things. Like is it an Afrobeat record? Yes. Is he, is it one of the best Afrobeat records? Yes. So yes, he should be in the Afrobeat category. Yeah. And, and it goes the other way too, because last year Tyler won a Grammy over sexy red.


Right. So it's like, if, if we can You know what I'm saying? It's absolutely, it's still like a bridge. Like if, if Afrobeats can win over. Yeah. When in a category where it's just You know what, what was that? I think it was like rap or new artist or something like that. Yeah. Why can't Chris Brown win? Yeah. Or even be nominated. Yeah. In the Afrobeats. Nah, music has no bounds, man. Yeah. That's what makes it so beautiful. Like music has no, that's saying, yo, you can't do this and you can't do that. Oh, you can't act and you can't sing, or you can't be a a, a host of a, a legendary show and then also be a dj. You can't do this and be like, yeah, stupid. Yeah. You just, no, I'm just dope You know what I mean? And so that's why for us it was like, let's spoon feed the people.


This is an r and b album. This is a Afrobeat album. If we win records on this, then we win records. I mean, remember Wars on this then it's, it's still the same project, but you put it where you want to put it. You know. And so that's how it was. But nah, definitely. Chris Brown is one of the greatest I've ever do it, bro. Like yeah. Only few people can do it and be believed. And. I believe it. You know and And I feel like he's the only other one. For real. Yeah. What is your favorite song on the album? Yo, honestly, fam like, we've constructed this album to be where I can sit with you and figure out what kind of music you love. And I'll be able to tell you, like, these will work for you. I'll look at you and be like, yo, bro, what vibe? Okay.


These are your favorites. I, they're like my kids. I can't, I can't pick Yeah. You know as my favorite, but there's no single You know Everything is a single. Yes. So if you're like, bro, I love, I love classic r and b, I got that for you. Like, yo, I love Poppy Phil, I got that for you. I love hiphop drums. I got that for you. So like, it's whatever it is. Yeah. It's whoever I'm speaking to. I'm make, we've tailor made it that way. Your album is A candy store. It's everything, whatever type of candy, chocolate. Yes. Yep. All that. Okay. Yes. I got the album of the year. I love that. I got the album of the year. He said it. I got the album of the year. Genuinely. Well, let's get into a record off that album. The album is out Today. Yes, sir.


What Do you, what do you wanna get into today? Ooh, let's Get into something off the Afrobeat side. Afrobeat side. Ooh, ooh. That's what I Which one we should you start with? Let's start with, huh? Yeah. Let's go with our wonder. I wonder. Yes, Sir. Let's go with our wonder. Not dirty December. Ooh, That's a good, we can follow up it close to dirty December. It it's Almost dirty. December is You choose brother about, I wonder. A dirty December. Yo, your choice brother. All right, well let's get into it. Now, before we leave, I also gotta tell, so Christmas is around the corner. Yes, sir. You have two kids. Yeah. And a wife. So what do you do for Christmas time? Oh, man. Whew. This is a li again. What traditions do you have in the household? Well, We're still figuring out the tradition You know what I mean?


It is a new one. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? So we're still forming it. So I personally, like, honestly, man, she's such an incredible human being that whatever she wants to do, if she's like, babe for Christmas, I want to travel to, I wanna go home, let's go to Tanzania. She says, babe, I want to just be a CRI in the, in the Caribbean. We all matching whatever if you want to, whatever she wants to do is the, is is the routine bro. Like, because she deserves that. Like I, I've, I rip and run too much for, for me to make every decision. So for her, it's like my, my love what you want and Whatever you wanna do. That's the tradition. What's the So happy for him? Like What's The dumbest thing you've done as a husband or a father?


When I mean dumb like I'm the dad, like I dress up in a Ninja turtle suit for, for Halloween, I go to all the kids' school, embarrass the ish out of 'em. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A couple years ago I dressed up in a baby outfit with a pamper. Like I embarrassed my kid. I love it. Like my kids be like, there's my dad. But I just, I I try to create those memories that, yeah. You know when I'm long and gone, they'd be like, yo, you remember when dad came to school and this, like, I try to create that. What's the, the dumbest thing that you've done that you'd be like, ah, this takes my jersey. Cool power all The way away. Oh yeah. So me and my son and my dog, we all matched And. I had them do the butterscotch, the butterscotch face, so baby butterscotch, butterscotch and, and mini butterscotch. So like we all, they have no idea what they just did, but in six years, seven years, they gonna look and be like, dad, you just embarrassed me.


Like, wow, you are a dickhead, bro. Like, why would you do this? That's so dope. It is forever. It is forever there. So, yeah. Yeah. So that's probably what I say. Well, let's get into the joint right now. Yes, sir. I wonder the album is out right now. Of course. It's a, a double album. Yes, sir. In my heart, in my veins. R and b side, Afrobeat side. And we appreciate you for joining us, bro. Thank you, bro. Thank you, man. God bless y'all, man. All right. And I. Just wanna say one, one last thing. Rot. Timmy is one of those artists that always call and check up on you. Listen. Yeah, listen, no matter what's going on in your life, listen. Yes. Good or bad, RO Timmy will hit you. Just checking up on bro. You brother, I wanna make sure you good. How's your mental, how's your help? How's the family? He always does that. So I just wanna say appreciate. That's And. I wanna say, I appreciate that too because he telling me like, I don't know, like you not my family. Like you don't check up on me too.


Like this Is my friend You know him. I do know him. You know him. What's his real name? Rot. Timmy. Okay. You do what you mean. Yo, it's, yes, it's rot. Timmy. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, love. Wake That ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey's Job, And. I. Go by the name Q Ward And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's Right. We discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace, and social circle. We're going to learn how to become better allies to each other. So join us each Saturday for Civic Cipher on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and DAF News Inga on July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World, we are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So Listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into to. We're talking Ika Los and all things trending in Michael Ura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and wildlife stories, combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with Gem Sponge, straight up Goria. And that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hello, my unde Deadly Darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host, and do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the lights stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.