
Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games. And then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The Governor of California, Kevin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is Politicing even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World Podcast by podcast. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one. A woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends And. I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Deer? Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We got the brothers Troy and Rashad from Earn. Your Leisure. Welcome. What's Ups up man? How, what's going on? How y'all Feeling man? Not good. Thank you for having us. It's dope. This is our first time in the new studios. It's a nice thing y'all got going over there Looking at the artwork. We earned our leisure, man. That is true. That is true. That is true. By time, by time we got something better. We got some thrones in here. And. I had to get outta my Back. His throne hurt his back. It Was hurting my back. False. So yes, Definitely. Big pause. So Invest Fest 2024 back in Atlanta.


Sir, for people that don't know what Invest Fest is, break down what Invest Fest is and why they should be there. Why they need to be There. The fourth annual too. That's very important To say. Fourth annual for sure. So it's a, we wanted to make it where You know music festivals became very popular, right From Roland Loud to Coachella to Roots Picnic and that feel of a, of a music festival was just a good vibe. If, you have a mentor, a music festival and then business conferences usually business conferences are more like St. Stush and more corporate Stuffy and Trash You know. Yeah, exactly. So we wanted to combine a music festival with the education and format of a business conference. So that's where Invest Fest came from. So we got You know food trucks, we got musical performances. We have a vendor marketplace, but we also have panels on crypto, on real estate, on stocks, home buying.


So all of the education is there, but it's fun. It's a vibe. It's not Stu, you don't have to feel intimidated. It's for people that might have just graduated from college or for people that are CEOs of companies, right? Anywhere in between. So we wanna just create that vibe and it's the fourth year And. I feel like this year is gonna be the biggest year as far as our lineup, as far as what we got give back and everything. So really looking forward to it. So Break down the lineup. 'cause I mean y'all had Tyler Perry before, so what's bigger than Tyler Perry? You used say bigger. So yeah, What's bigger? Well that's, I love Tyler. That's business and entertainment. But y'all be having some real big dogs in the My natural Business world. I think it's important to blend both, right? So people can see aspirations from different aspects. So yeah, Tyler Perry is huge, but like If, you see over the past couple years he's been mentoring a guy named Curtis Jackson.


And so 50 years our headline of this year, which is incredible because we know him for music, right? We've watched since 2002 when he took over in 2003, obviously when Get Rich came out. But now what he's done inside The World of business is equally as impressive. But he hasn't had the opportunity yet or given anybody the opportunity to talk about that business. acu. And I'm sure You know you, you watched it firsthand. So that's important. We wanna highlight him in his success in business. We got Stephen A. Smith and what he's doing in media right now. Shannon Sharp is gonna be there for VIP night. So what they've done inside of media is important. And we got local entrepreneurs too, man. I mean Damon John's gonna be there, Damon, John, Dom people. So you got all these heavy hitters inside there. Book Pinky Cole. Im getting, I'm getting to the, the local entrepreneurs. Yeah, so local entrepreneurs is important too, right? Because Pinky Cole is that next person up when we're talking about a billion dollar valuation, we've, we're watching it happen in real time.


And so we want to have that con that commerce and culture mix where it's like, yeah, you could be a Fortune 500 CEO but you could be coming from high school. Like we got kids coming down there, we got a hundred kids from New York City, that's fine down. We find 50 kids from our community so they can see it because once they see it you can't unsee it. I always tell people like, investors is cool, but you gotta experience it in real life in person. 'cause it's just a different feel. One thing that I've been paying attention to, I see that y'all got the marathon gonna be there, so yeah, yeah, yeah. Black Sam, who else? Black Sam and jp. jp. They gonna be speaking and then they bringing their whole team. But those two will be on stage with Us and, and and y'all got a partnership with Microsoft and, and Nipsey's the marathon for a pitch competition. Yeah.


So, and Lauren London's gonna be there too. Yeah, no, nip Nip was somebody that we, it is crazy. We never got a chance to meet Nip, but he was one of the people that we definitely wanted to interview because everything that we embody, that's what he stood for as far as entrepreneurship and being independent. F the middleman. That's what, that's like his whole slogan. So we never got a chance to meet him. Unfortunately he passed away. But we really built strong relationships with every single person that was next to him or close to him. So Black Sam, man, that's my guy and You know Sam don't really talk too much at all. So You know, like if If you develop a relationship with Sam, it's a real relationship. It's not like no industry shit. So that's My guy, SL Sand. We wanted to honor Nip, we pitched to him the idea of having a pitch competition, kinda like Shark Tank, right?


Where it's like we're gonna have a hundred people and then the first round is the a hundred people's gonna audition. Like America's Got Talent. Then from there four people will be selected to the next round. And then we are going to pick one person live on stage and the winner of that's gonna get a hundred thousand dollars to their business. So it's a really dope opportunity. Anybody can enter as long as you got a ticket. Anybody can enter And I. Think You know to be Able, we talk about Access, To Capital a lot and Fearless Fund You know for fund all that, right? So they, they trying to take away Access, To, Capital. We already have no Access To Capital really If you think about it. So anytime you can really give people You know money towards their business, like that's really could be life changing. You never know what that can turn into.


So the, The money is one thing, but the information to do with the money. So y'all give 'em that piece Too. Yeah, for sure. So we gonna be working with them. 'cause you're right, we don't, and that's part of the vetting process too, to make sure that they kind of already are on track to be successful. 'cause you don't wanna give somebody money than they, nothing is ever guaranteed. But we wanna make sure that we put them in the best situation possible to win. So definitely mentorship, we're gonna give them all of our, all of our resources as far as like accountants, lawyers and stuff like that so they can be successful. And yeah. So we had that already done and then when Microsoft came in, they wanted to be a part of it. So we was like, well this is something that we doing If, you guys want to chip in on it. So it's a collaboration as far as that a hundred thousand from Microsoft Earn, Your Leisure and the Neighborhood Nip Foundation.


And we doing that. And Marathon's gonna have a pop-up shop? Yes. At at Invest Fest. That's their first popup shop in Atlanta in over 10 years. Wow. Wow. So, and then Lauren London, we doing a $25,000 giveaway with Lauren London to a woman led business in healthcare. So it's a lot of, it is a lot of give back, but You know to involve NIPS family, I thought was just a really, really dope idea. And like I said, they, they just been super solid like You know what I mean? Like Sam's super solid. So when we asked him, sat down with them and they was like, yeah, let's do it. And they just thought it was a great way to honor the legacy of Nipsey Hussle. So that's something that we definitely looking forward To. Yeah. And the, the Lauren piece was so dope because obviously we know the relationship with Marathon, but she was like, no, I have initiatives that I really like.


So Women's health is like at the forefront of her, everything that she stands for and She's big on mental health and mindfulness. It's huge, huge on it. And so she was like, I would love to do it, but here's the things I would love if we can make it happen. And so shout out to our brothers at Health EMD and they were like, look, we have a health and wellness business that we already run. We would love to partner with them. And so the 25,000 will be given out to a women led business. But also they're like, look, we're not only going to do that. We're gonna mentor you in this space since we're experts in it. You know they've hundreds of millions of dollars that they've, they've created and generating business. So like we're, they're gonna hold their hands through this process, make sure that the business gets off to the right start with that 25,000. So like you said this, these things don't happen in our community, right. And so once we see there's an absence, we can fill the gap.


And that's what this is all about. Well, there's so many people that you guys have in Atlanta. Had any politicians ever reached out to y'all because it would be the perfect place for like a Kamala Harris to come speak. Right? I'm glad you you said that. I'm glad you said that. Especially because she's so into entrepreneurship and small Businesses. I'm glad you said that. We, we, we gotta clip this up. We gotta clip this up, but send it to our team. We, we've been, we've been speaking to her team last year. So the idea was to get her there last year and just the timing, the way everything worked out and we weren't able to do it. And so we've just been in contact with her and we've been You know, hinting at it. We understand the importance of the election, we understand the importance of Atlanta, Fulton County, Georgia as a state overall, what it means to the election.


And so we were able to You know, she invited us over a few times, shout out to, to the, the black men that sat down with us at the dinner. And then we, we sat down on her economic tour. You know that was one something that was really important to her to have black men talking about economics. And she wanted to kick it off with us in Atlanta. Kick it off. Yeah, yeah, we did. Yeah, we did in April. So that was dope. And so You know at the time it was like, okay, all roads are pulling to Atlanta. This is great. It's so far out there. We can't put it on the calendar just because that's just the way politics works in a sense. And she said they hit us back in the first week of July and we did. And then the third week of July, everything kind of changed, right? Because she's a little busy, she's a little busy this summer. Busy Troy, she's a little busy. But You know, stay tuned, I think. But like you said, I mean, I feel like to me it would be a no brainer for her to come if she's available because tens of thousands of people and having a serious conversation about economics and addressing issues like what's a black job and Access, To, Capital.


These is real serious conversations that I think we need to have. So yeah, we still, we still Yeah, Stay tuned. I saw she at the rally in Atlanta, so that's What I'm saying. And its a swing state. This is gonna be a different conversation. I was, I I've been rocking with the, the VP for a minute and one of the things that I've always been attracted to her about is You know her stance on economics, what she wants to do for small businesses. It's when y'all kick, y'all kicked off the nationwide economic tour with her. Y'all sat with her. What about her economic plan? Do y'all like I I'm not trying to make, get an endorsement or nothing. I'm just like, I'm an I'm an issues person. Yeah. So I support her for one this issue. Well one thing as far as like just the o the openness to be willing to listen.


Like we sat down with her a few times. And I, respect the fact that she's not coming in saying, I know everything You know what I'm saying? She's like, yo, tell me like, what do I need? Like, first the conversation is what is the disconnect between black men and the administration? That's before, that's when she was a vice president. You know a lot of black men unhappy with Biden. A lot of black men still even unhappy with her. So she wanted to know what was causing that unhappiness. Right. And I thought that that was big of her to like not talk to us. To listen to us. That's right. Same thing with economics. You know, we, we spoke to them and we spoke to a bunch of the Democrats on Capitol Hill and they were like, well what, what do y'all need? And we told them like, You know Access, To Capital is important, right? Where there's $73 billion out there and we get less than 1%.


Like how are we gonna really scale businesses if we don't have money to start the business? Right? Like, that's important. So we was telling a few different things and, and she was willing to listen. And I know that that's something that she has championed as far as Access, To Capital and something that she said that she was definitely wanting to improve the situation. We have to kind of see the, the details of it. But she definitely spoke to us about Access, To, Capital, bring It back the middle class, making sure everybody start Student loans was one of the big things that she talked about. And obviously I'm, I'm a person. Home ownership, I was just gonna get into that. So the home ownership piece was, was huge, right? When we look at wealth inside of our country, specifically for our community, we know that only 45% of us own homes. But If, you look at anybody's wealth that's been created, it's comes from home ownership.


And so having incentives for new home buyers, I was like, this is a piece that we need. It's missing. So like answering those questions, the student loan questions, it's like, all right, well these are solutions, especially because we suffer from 'em, right? Like we don't have the capital to, to pay for tuition, right? So we go into debt and that debt cripples us for years and years and years. So to know that's on the forefront of her mind to understand that she has a plan. Like she said, she's listening, she's receptive to it. It was dope man. And, and she's invited us a couple times. So it's, it tells us that she's aware of what's happening. She understands that we have an audience that she needs to tap into. And so we're very aware of it, but it is, it is dope that we have the ear of somebody at that. Let ask y'all a question, I wanna get y'all opinion. You saw Trump was at the National Black Journal journalist.


Yeah. National Association for Black Journalists. Yeah. Do you think it would be a good idea if we have Trump at Invest Fest or don't, don't do that. Why not? I mean, here's my thing. And I said this about the National Association Association for Black Journalists. They're journalists. Their job is to be objective and biased. All they all, they're to do, all they're there to do is bring the person in front of the audience and ask the questions, let them aside. Like why do, why do we as black people, because this is a black thing, right? Why do we as black people beat each other up about this kind of stuff? About platforming people? That's, this guy can be on CNN, M-S-N-B-C, doing the Fox a, b, c doing the same thing. And nobody says why y'all platforming them. As soon as Earn Your Leisure does it, our breakfast club does it. You platforming it. Why? I don't, I don't understand that logic.


I really don't. I take It a step further, like, I mean, this is a business festival, right? Love Trump, hate Trump, however you feel about him. He came from Queens and he damn near, they say he built New York City when a time when everybody was running away. So to get in his mind to see what his mind frame was, how he did it, what was his mind process, how he got the money and, and how he did all that. I don't see why not. I don't see why that would be a problem. I mean, you talking about the future of, of the economy, right? So like when we're talking about investing, when we're doing market moneys, it's important that if he's gonna put tariffs on China, they need to know like what does that mean? Right? Like when he talks about Taiwan, what does that mean? What does the foreign policy mean? Especially for American companies when we're talking about investing? Like you, you would want to hear those answers if this is gonna be the guy who's gonna lead the nation over the next four years.


So I mean, you gotta look at it from a, a, have context on it, but have perspective as well. So What business, what business is growing the quickest now, right? Because You know coming from New York and Queens, usually we only see basketball and rap, right? Hip hop. Yeah. But there's so many businesses growing now. So what's the number one business that more and more people are asking you guys to talk more about? Because they're getting into ai. AI for sure. Like this year we got five different panels. Shout to Van Jones. He put together a whole curriculum. 'cause You know he just got a hundred million dollars. Y'all platform Van Jones. Don't you start that shout. I'm just messing with Van De, but nah, Baldhead gotta stick together. Everybody wanna Know, everybody wanna know about ai.


So like that's the, like this technology thing is really changing. The, World and If. you use it, you understand like it is damn near magic, right? Like What's your thoughts on ai? Because You know kids, a lot of kids and a lot of y'all came from education. Kids ain't studying the same way when they could just type it in to AI and say, type me a 10 page paper. And it comes right in. And all they gotta do is just kind of just take words in You Know. Well You know If, you are educated. Then you have to be adaptive to that, right? Like you gotta be responsible with education the way you used to teach is not gonna be the way of the future. And so that's why we talk about education reform because it's important, right? Like the textbook days is over, man. And so like, the quicker that we understand that, the better we'll be able to adapt and use these things to our benefit. But I feel like black people, a lot of times we have a lot of fear of things that we don't understand.


So you see things like, yo AI's gonna take the jobs and, and even Trump plays towards la they're gonna take black jobs, right? And we interviewed Don Peebles and he was kind of, he, he has a relationship with Trump, so he was kind of speaking kind of friendly about him, but he said something that was key and he was like, he didn't think he's racist. He think he has an outdated view of us. Meaning like, he still looks at black people as is 19 70, 19 80 like You. know what I'm saying? Like, these are your jobs. Like, 'cause they don't look at us as like leaders in industry, right? They don't look at us as like equal as equals. Exactly. Like on that level. So, and we don't look at ourselves it that way either a lot of times. So I think we can't be scared of this technology because it is gonna come one way or another.


That's it. It's like a tsunami. Like either you prepare for it or you just gonna get washed away. So they say it's gonna take over 200 million jobs over the next 10 years globally. And some people say that's a low estimate, but it's also gonna create jobs and it's gonna create a lot of wealth too. You look at a company like Nvidia, nobody even heard of Nvidia five years ago. The average everyday person. Yeah. Now they're the third, second most valuable company in The. World, yeah. Right? Like over the course of 18 months. So that's because of technology. That's because of ai. So I feel like we use AI all the time and it's only gonna get bigger. So for the kids, to answer your question, I it is similar to when a calculator came out, right? Like before you used to have to actually physically do long division and, but then once you realize that the calculator allows you to do it much quicker, you still have to be educated enough to know how to work the calculator.


Like even chat GBT, you have to be educated enough to ask the right questions. That's right. To prompt it, to know, okay, nah, this is a little off I need to Right, right, right. Like, you just can't just have no brain at all and let it think for you. 'cause then it's not gonna work properly. So I think that the only thing that we can do is educate ourselves on AI because there is no way Yeah. Around it. And like some of the stuff, like even we met with Will I am, he's gonna be there. Some of the stuff that he told us was Different. He's Futuristic. This dude, he's outta, he's a hundred, he's 20 years ahead of us. One of my favorite people to talk to. I, I ain't even know. He mean he talked for like two straight hours and we were just like, I don't even, we can't even share some of the stuff he was saying. Nah, I ain't even know he was. I'm like, how do you sleep knowing all this information? He's 20 Years ahead of us.


The interesting part about the Nvidia pieces that we spoke to, the execs there, right? And they're like, this is great, thank you guys for information because people are investing and they are making money, but their employees have made a lot of money too, right? So you gotta think about that. A lot of times when they give you a salary, they say, well, we'll put some in stock, right? Company shares. What, What is it exactly? Because every time I see it, it look like, like a herpes commercial, like herpes medication video from her herpes medication. It looks like herpes medication when you see the name, medication name just sounds like a herpes medication. Charlamagne, your perspective is outdated. So Nvidia is a semiconductor company, right?


So we're talking about chips that go inside pretty much all electronics. So inside of your computer, inside of your phone, inside this microphone, they have the fastest GPUs, which are graphic processing units. Is those, those are what makes AI run efficiently run faster. So they're at the lead of that, they're at the forefront of it, but they're like, I I was going back to that. Their employees have made money because of the stock has gone up. And so now you've had employees that are now multi-millionaire and they're like, all right, well we might just leave and do our own thing. So NVIDIA's like, thank you guys for the information, but what we really need is we need people that look like us to now come and innovate, right? So they're like, yo, how do we get to investors? How do we show up? Because we're looking for the talent.


We have to be the talent. If not, when we're talking about prompting, who's creating that? Who's doing the engineering, right? Who's doing the, the, the language models. It's not gonna be us. So we have to be a part of that. So that's why it's important to be educated, but also to say this is something that you can do, right? So we see athletes, we see entertainers, but like you could work for the wealthiest company in the, in The, World. It's not just Apple, it's not just microphones. There's plenty of other companies that you could have an impact on. But That's why I think our schools Need to change the curriculum. Like I think HBCUs need to change the curriculum a lot of times because a lot of times they don't offer the classes. And if they do, it's a very intro class. And that's what I've been saying all the time. We need to, like you said, we need to take a perspective and look what's happening in The World and, and there's no disrespect to a lot of those classes and courses that they have, but The World is changing And I feel like a lot of times our colleges aren't The World has changed too.


It's over y'all. Y'all said something earlier that made me think about the Chat GPT and stuff. You know, You know. I've been playing with it a lot. It's really not smarter than humans yet. Like the information is still pretty basic. And I be asking certain questions on purpose. Like I ask, ask questions that I know the answers to. Are you using a free version? No, I'm paying for it. I'm paying for, but, But it depends how you use the Lemme show you got the one I'm using. Make sure I'm 4.0. Yo man, your jy BT is outdated. This One? Yeah. Nah, you good? One 4.0 Yeah, 4.0 I, well, alright, you can use it like Google sound like you're using it like Google, Like a search Engine. Like You know how many square miles is the ocean, right?


Oh no. Asking questions like, I'm like, I'm, I'm prompting it like you said. Well, how I use, how I'll use it is I, all right, so you guys put this show on YouTube, right? And then in YouTube you have a description, right? So somebody actually has to actually physically write the description, right? Earn, Your, Leisure comes on, talks about invest fast, talking about ai, da da da. Like I used to actually have to do that for Earn, Your, Leisure and You know it takes time, right? So what I do now is that I'll just take key points that we spoke about, right? And then I'll just say we had a conversation at The, Breakfast, Club da da da, write a three paragraph description, put hashtags at the end, and then it'll just, I'll just feed it to 'em and then within three seconds it'll write the whole thing, right? That's way more efficient for me because that saves me probably a half an hour as opposed to me writing And, I got a spell check, what I wrote, stuff like that.


So in that regards, it thinks much quicker than the human. 'cause I can't write something in three seconds. I can't write. I agree with that in three seconds, You know what I'm saying? So it it's, it's able to interpret information a hundred th a hundred thousand times faster than the human brain. What is it good though? Like, I'll give you like writing a script, right? Yeah. Like there's certain times I put in prompts with different scripts. And I read it and it's like say, hey, well that's, That's the first version of it, right? Yeah. Okay. So then you, you a, after you go through it again, now you prompt it again until you get to the final version that you want. The fact that it can create it where it's like you might have, if a writer has writer's block, it can create for you, right? If he has the writer's, it's gonna create for you. And so it moves and it becomes more efficient as you use it. So it starts to learn, you, it starts to learn your patterns.


It was, it was saying like, If, you let it If, you prompted it over three months. It has a high school level education right After six months, it has like a college level education. I think now I think Chad, GBT is now at it passed a bar. Like, so it is, it's learning right? And only thing it's gonna do. That's all it does is learn. And all it does is get better every single day. Right? That's why people like, it's gonna lose jobs because number one, it's gonna be more efficient. It never stops working. Yeah. It doesn't need health insurance. Right? And, and it's gonna give you results that are gonna help you with creativity and the process. So you, you're gonna eliminate people from that process. But there are gonna be jobs that are created inside of it as well.


It Could do a fly, it can do an Invest Fest flyer immediately. It doesn't. Stuff like That is easy though. But that, but like you said, but that takes jobs away from a lot of people. 'cause now you don't have to go to a graphic designer. You go there and be like, You know what? I don't like this picture. Put this picture in, does it right away. And, and it's, it's You know what's dope in radio too. Like a lot of times the send y'all ads, y'all know how this works. It's like, yo create the ad. A lot of times I'll just say, all right, well da, create this ad, boom, it's done. Right? It's efficient. Whereas sometimes I remember when we was first getting these ads, I'm like, I gotta think of the story. How are we gonna write this? I sent submitted to the company, they're like, oh, can we do it over? Can you add this You know say this, right? I'm like, all right, now it's like 20 seconds. I'm done. Alright. It's more efficient when I'm intrigued about is the next level of social media that's gonna incorporate ai.


Like how we got the Twitters and the Instagrams now. And we're, we're on these things. But what happens when you're actually in these things? You know And I and like, there's a company called Meka that I think is, is gonna be at the forefront, forefront of that. 'cause they could literally take this, they could take this room. You could use your phone and turn this room, The Breakfast Club Studio into a digital, into a digital space that you're now in. So you're not just watching the Earn Your Leisure interview, you are like right here. Like, and from my purview sitting right next to Officer Sports. That's the sports thing. I think they're doing that. They're doing that with them. They're doing what's gonna be The biggest thing. Like if I could pay a hundred dollars And I and I'm court side And, I can watch LeBron or boxing basketball or boxing like entertainment. That's gonna be big.


That's dope You know what I'm saying? Because how many people can actually afford to sit court on ringside when tank is fighting? But if I could, if I could pay a hundred dollars, I put the glasses on and now I can actually feel like, I feel like I'm actually in the fight. I feel like that's going to make sports way more enjoyable to watch. The reality Is Meka doing that with the NBA now it's Here. Right? Have y'all used the Vision Pro? No, I haven't used it. So If, you go go into Vision Pro in entertainment. I was telling the guys like, Alicia Keys has this interactive studio session on Apple. I mean, it's ridiculously, you're in the studio with it. And as you're looking around, everybody's look like it's live. Absolutely. So imagine when you sit in courtside, imagine when you're ringside imagine when you can't afford and to to go to see Beyonce. But you can sit at the concert. Imagine how much more revenue that is.


'cause she can only sell a certain amount of seasoning in Arena. And. I don't care if it's, if it's Wembley, it's 90,000. She could do a million of those. Yeah, yeah. Right. So like, think about the revenue that now gets generated from that aspect. So it it's ha the thing it's here like we're talking about like it's ha no, it's already here and we gotta realize it and take advantage of it. So who's the company that creates that Meka? I'm telling you, go look@meka.com. They doing it now. They they doing it with the NBA. They doing it with Wall Street Journal. Like they're already doing that. And that's the next level of what, what we're all doing. Imagine when you can sit in on Earn Your Leisure conversations like you just said. I don't have to be at Invest Fest, but I can be at Invest. Fest. Yeah. Right, Right. It's here. And the next piece is gonna be that everybody's gonna have their own individual ai.


So like y'all, y'all remember the movie Her when when her Yeah, yeah. When he, he, he sat in the,


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politicing even mean? There's bridging gaps with No Politics joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We Can change The World Podcast by podcast. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast network. Each and every Monday perspective with bank podcasts will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. What you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically, if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feeling supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same Time. But You know what I'm saying. But you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday, listen to perspective with Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's good, it's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is Back for season three, brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endeared myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. I think maybe a year or two years after that, I was a producer DC Young Flight. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And I ain't even know how big it was. I ain't even know people was doing this on they spare time. I was Don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that Harsh Bone Thugs and Harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course, we didn't know. So we was lying like a mother. Little Do We know, we speak in reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to Eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there,


I think as Joaquin Phoenix. He's sitting in the room and the, the AI is in his house and he starts to have developed feelings for this AI and the relationship. But when he leaves the house, he can't really have the same, so he comes home. It's almost like his wife in a sense, but it's ai. But imagine what that's with you all the time. And it's learning all your, your prompts. He knows your schedule. It's Yeah, I don't encourage that. Yeah. I'm just telling you that's what's next. I'm not telling, I'm not, I'm not telling you You. know what I'm saying? Girls out here with the biker shorts on knuckles showing We was in Davos, right? We thought the same way until we saw somebody who created this company called Soul. And it's a virtual relationship, right? Because companion campaign. So now as people are on social media more, right, they're not going outside.


They're not meeting people. Some people are introverts. They're creating a AI to have companionship. This is, it's happening right now. AI sending 'em naked pictures and all that. I don't know about That. Wanted To, I you gotta prompt it. We want you to try both. I don't need a, I don't know if I need to try it, but I'm just telling you what's happening. Yeah, try both. I, if somebody told me all they ever got was ai. I'm like, all right, come on bro. Like, go outside. You know. Please, let's try both. But that's what live would be like. You think about it like this, you, instead of going live on Instagram or one of those things, you go live right here. And somebody could say, well, I got a question. And they can type in the question. It could be in the room. Yeah, absolutely. That's amazing. That's Dope. You know, I I, we talked about this Rashad offline about the black online d disinformation Oh man.


Study that they did. They put us in There. Yeah. We were together in that that, That you made me think about when you brought up the Trump question. How'd you, how'd you feel about that? I thought it was irr. You Spoke to them, right? Yeah, I spoke to them and shout out to her. You know, we kind of cleared up a few things. She said that I, I thought it was irresponsible because once again, only black people get criticized for having other, it's like If, you don't think this way. You are working for Russia or you sold your soul. You part of a Has gotten us. It's like Wall Street Journal can speak to wherever they want. They can go wherever they want. Nobody cares. Right. Once we start to go anywhere outside of what they think we should be, which is a, a extremely liberal platform right now.


Oh man, you're off the rail. So to say like, we are responsible for spreading misinformation. I just don't even understand that. Right, right. Because it's like, for us, we only really, we've only had Democrats on, I would speak to a Republican, but they've never reached out to us. But You know. I just feel like that was something that shows that certain demographic of people don't really respect black journalism. They say they do, but they don't really respect black journalism. Like they look, they don't look at us the same way that they look at white counterparts. I know black journalism respects black journalism. That's a fact. It's True. That's a fact. I just wonder, especially after what we just saw. It's like when I saw people stepping down, 'cause Trump was coming to the You know NABJ.


I'm like, why? You're a journalist. Like he come there and you press them. It's personal, right? Like people put the, the the, they, they, they take it personal. They forget like the integrity of what you're supposed to be doing. Like you said, our job is to ask questions. Your job is to answer the questions. Right. The people's job is to say, all right, interpret those, those answers. And is this a person that I think I wanna vote for? That's, that's the job. Right? So to see the criticism, to see the back line, especially from our community, it's pretty wild. People Are scared though. People are scared to see what their thoughts are because this, this society is so quick to cancel somebody. Yeah. Which is, and you cancel somebody for an opinion You know what I mean? Yeah. And we always say You know, vote your interest, but If, you wanna vote Trump because Trump is doing something in your interest.


You should be able to do it without being canceled. We, of course we could have a conversation. We could agree to disagree, but to the point where people are trying to cancel and saying, I'm not working with you no more. Or I'm stepping down because it's, I didn't like that. The craziest thing Ever. Like I liked what Rachel Scott did. Rachel Scott was the young lady. She pressed him was the one on stage that was holding his feet to the fire. I like that. Yeah. That's what she supposed to do with A journalist. The only thing I didn't understand is did they did this, this on purpose. But why was there only, why was there three women? Yeah, no men. I didn't understand That either. I didn't understand that. They, I feel like there should have been some, some masculine energy to kind of And I. Don't know. That Was Roland Martin would've been perfect. Nah, they wasn't. I Don't always agree with Roland Martin, but Roland Martin would was there. He was Definitely, he was definitely there. They probably, I mean the, the campaign is probably like he, there's certain people they're not gonna do this with.


And that that's probably what was the situation where it was like he, he's not gonna T checked those names. Nah. Crazy Up there. But it's a gift and a curse too because it's like, for your platform, for our platform, they look at it like they have a personal relationship with us, right? Because they've gotten to know us personally. So that's helpful in a certain level, but it's also harmful because they get disappointed or they have expectations or they, where they don't look at Fox or Cn B, C or A, they don't look at that as personal. They know that's just news. cnbc, they just know that's just news. Right? So there's no disappointment if somebody, if they do something that they don't agree with. But all the black, I've noticed this, the, the black outlets are all like personal brands, almost like You know what I'm saying?


It is like, they don't look at it like a media company. They look at it like a one-on-one. Like you my homie And I don't agree with something. Now I'm gonna talk crazy in your comments. You sold out because one day we a puppet for the Democrats. Then the next day We helping Mag. We agents For Republican. It's crazy. Like make Upp all the time. Yeah. It's crazy. I I I mean I literally have watched every interview that you've done and I'm like, do they think he's gonna say something different? Like he's been saying the same thing. You, You a political hot Rod though. I know this like you personally, like you cause a lot of friction in, in political circle. Oh yeah, Yeah. Like you've become like a political person. But it's good though.


Like everything I was saying about Biden last year was absolutely true. And they were mad at you down, they were mad at you for that. I didn't think he could win in November. Yeah. I thought it was a fair question to ask if the Biden Harris ticket is something that you can win in November and if, if the, if the threat to democracy is so great, like we see it is why you running somebody that can't win? That's, and now you see what happened. He stepped down, now they got energy again. Big energy. Big yeah. Momentum. But You know it Also, it also showed me how how quick public is they so fickle. Oh God. Because even when we met with Kamala the first time, we couldn't, I didn't even post a Picture. Kamala, Kamala, Kamala, Kamala, vice President, Kamala Harris. I didn't Even Madame Vice president. I didn't even post a picture on, on I leisure's page. 'cause I just knew it was gonna be so divisive and 'cause a lot of people didn't like her. Remember people were saying like, where has she been?


I haven't heard from her da da da. Like it was just all negative. I felt that Way Then. Now everybody loves her You. know what I'm saying? Everybody loves Her Post the picture now. Now. Oh yeah. Oh, you was with her. They just Go to show you man, like, yo Get her at investors. The Public is so fickle. And then like media can me media's real powerful. Like the media really started to champion her and they picked up momentum and then in two weeks her whole thing just shifted 180 from people saying, yo, where has she been? She's been, she's hidden. She hasn't said anything to now. Like people like, oh yeah, she's gonna be the next president, da da da. I'm just like, I always, I I, we had a good relationship with her, so I knew that she was You know, always capable. But it's just interesting to see how quickly Yeah. Public perception can change. Yeah. And that's what I'm excited about.


I'm excited about the fact the last two weeks and even when she started doing the economic forum, I feel like I'm starting to see the vice president, Kamala Harris, we see off camera on camera. And I think that's the biggest thing. Like, we've been in the room and so when people are talking like, nah, we, we, we know her, but like she's a, a really good person, like when you talk to her. So to see this happen now is like, oh, it is due time now. The interesting part is like she can, can she do it and who is she gonna do it with? So like the next thing is like, who's gonna be her VP candidate? I Hope it's Governor Shapiro. You do? Yes. I like Shapiro too. Pennsylvania. Yes. That's why I predicted just for the momentum and the youth And I like chap. Yeah. The importance of that swing state. We've had him up here. He is a, he's a good dude. I like some of this. I I liked a lot of the stuff he was doing in Pennsylvania before he was even in the VP conversation.


That's why we had him up here. Yeah. The prison reform, the probation reform he did with me. The criminal justice reform, the, what is it called? The Clean Slate Act, I think it's called. Like he, he's doing a lot of dope stuff in pa That's your prediction. I I hope. I think so. I have the same one. And You know you said something else too AAD that made me think about it. I think what got people excited about the VP is the fact that they know she probably can win. Because I think people are starting to be aware of Trump more, meaning like they're paying attention to what's happening with the Supreme Court. They, they, they've read Project 2025. Like it's not just the rhetoric they're getting from the cable news channel. They're, they've actually done some due diligence and seen it. They seen the presidential immunity for a president, president getting away with crimes.


The Supreme Court judges and elected officials could take bribes now, like you, if that don't wake you up to what's going on and, and how much of You know democracy is that threat? You gotta, you, you bugging. Yeah, it's interesting. I I sent it something the child's, well, I seen Waka FKA post yesterday and it was like all the things that he wanted to support was everything that, that the Trump was against. And so he was, it was like the education process. It was like I saw people in the comments, like trying to educate him on the process. He was like, yo, I can vote who I want, want to vote for. Which is all good. But understand like the education of like your reasoning and deductive reasoning. Does it, does it align with what you're doing? So I think that education process is important. Where you're getting it from is important too. So I be telling people like, look You know, don't just watch M-S-N-P-C, don't just watch Fox.


Right? Like actually do some research, get like a cumulative assessment of the candidates that you're trying to choose the issues and then make a, but I also A decision, but I think it's just important for our platforms to remain neutral. And that's why I try to tell people too, it's like we met with the Democrats and went to the Capitol Hill and all that, but we we're not representatives of the Democratic party, right? So we have to remain neutral because if not, then we lose credibility and it doesn't even mean anything as far as the journalism. And now they can just kind of use us for whatever they wanna do. So we always remain neutral and try to just stay in the middle. And some, I'm gonna hold 'em accountable always, even if I support 'em.


You got, you gotta hold people accountable and you gotta have conversations with every single person, right? Because it's like, once you start to alienate a whole entire side, now you essentially just kind of cut off half of the situation, right? Yeah. And that, that's not really beneficial. So I feel like that the Republicans have done themselves a tremendous disservice because they don't really try, like for us, they, we've never got, we no Republican has ever really reached out to us, ever. No, we started getting that this year. Yeah. A lot of 'em, yeah. This year we got a lot of that. We had Nick Haley up here, we had Vik grandma Swami up here. But Y'all platform is y'all. Very, very mainstream. Right? We are still like more on underground.


Right. But you should be aware enough to know that we have a following. Absolutely. So it's like you guys, if they don't reach out to you guys, then they, they just are completely incompetent. But it's like, for us, it's like if y'all not, if we not on your radar, then that lets me know that you're not really trying. That's true. You're not even looking to have to see what's under the surface, what's bubbling, what You know culture is really gravitating towards. So I just feel like they're doing themselves a disservice because if they did, we would, we would answer because their, their conversations are important. But if not, then we not, we're not gonna go out of our way to try to cater to them as well. All right. And we gotta hold 'em accountable. And from a business standpoint too, we had conversations about media, black media specifically and platforms and about the ad money that goes into campaigns.


Well how much does it go to us? Right? Like if, if If you are gonna put ads on, on a show, you're gonna put ad like we're talking about, I know that they just released that there was a $1.5 million initiative to give to black media, but I'm like, you're talking about a almost $150 million budget, right? You need that vote. Right? You cannot win a election without this vote. So to put that percentage, that little bit of of location to a platform or a audience that you need is almost a disservice. So we gotta hold 'em accountable for that too. Well, What's been the success stories from Invest Fest over the last four years? Oh man, so many man. I feel like, well first I'll speak to our success story 'cause that's something that we can relate. So we last year.


It was a gentleman that came from Ghana to Invest Fest. And he had just heard about it. And long story short, he came to, he came to Invest Fest and he was very impressed by Invest Fest. So he wanted to connect with us. So Cha Ball has actually connected us. We went to Ghana, they to Ball. They hosted us. Turns out. So you heard of Afro future? Yeah. He's one of the people that, that, those Afro Future Polo Beach Club, If. you ever been to Ghana? They own I'm amazing. They own, Own Polo Beach Club. They own, they own bunch of real estate, everything. So they connected with us. They like, yo, we got 300 acres of land and we want to build on it. And they like, well, what's the play? And they're like, well, we want to. And it's crazy 'cause we already had this idea of bringing people from the diaspora over, but not just to party and leave.


Right? Like actually more sustainable, like buy real estate, build a community. So we're actually working on building a community with the brothers from Ghana. That's all because of Invest. Fest, Fest, right. It's dope. But there's vendors. We, we interviewed a vendor that made $300,000 in the vendor marketplace selling her services. We interviewed another vendor who is a husband and a wife combination. And they met to Beatty, who is Steve Harvey's partner. And then from there they developed a relationship and they took their business from making like $10,000 to now they've made over $3 million just in the vendor marketplace and the people that have went to Invest Fest and learned, and they actually purchased the home from the information that they, that they received.


So the networking is just unbelievable. And then the information when you add the networking with the information is, is definitely an opportunity to change your life. Yeah. So we were with our brother Ray Daniels, and he was like, look, when I walked into that marketplace, I never been to Black Wall Street, but I would imagine this, this is what it looked like. When you have just all these four over 400 businesses, people, networking, people created ideas, excuse me. And actually finding networking pieces, right? It, it might be your investor or it might be your next business partner, or you might look and say, man, I want my business. Excuse me, to scale like that. And so now people are getting ideas how to grow their business. And then obviously You know we come through the marketplace, but we're not just walking by ourselves.


We're bringing, we're bringing Tyler Perry through, right? We're bringing Robert Smith through. So like, just to have the opportunity to see that in real per and like have a moment with that, it's incredible because they're, they're looking at it as a way to invest as well. I know Steve Harvey walks through and he's like, all right, I want every piece of art that this person has. Like, there's opportunities in there that just don't exist. So imagine you just started your business. So you're in year one or two of your business and you might see 10,000 customers throughout the year. You're talking about 50,000 people in three days. It just doesn't happen. It's a very unique opportunity. Did he ever give you all the million, or he just did the big check thing? Good question. You Wanna know the whole story behind that? Of course. So did Diddy.


So he, all right, so this is before Invest Fest last year, obviously, before everything happened, we was working with Revolt and they like, yo, Diddy want to give you guys a million dollars to invest. At first it was supposed to be a million dollars for us to invest for him, right? And we like, nah, let's, let's do something a little bit more creative, right? Like, let's get the, get the million dollars, but let's like show it in like real time. Be transparent and then like break it up. So we'll put like a hundred thousand in stock market, then we'll go to like Louisiana and we'll buy a multifamily home. Then we'll give it to like an entrepreneur in Texas to start a gas station. So we was gonna actually like show what we were doing with the million. Like the millions has grown to 2 million. It's grown to, and he didn't even want any money.


He was going to any of the profits. We was gonna split the profit and he was gonna give his his part to charity. And then he's gonna give us other, the other half. So we had to been talking about this for months. So when we was gonna make the announcement, we like, yo, we should make the announcement at Invest Fest. Like, you gonna come like it, it would make sense to do it on Invest Fest. So they, they liked the idea. So yeah, they, they gave us the check on stage. So if anybody has, because it's important to educate the audience, right? Like, so when they do like those big Kinko's checks, a contrary to popular belief on the internet, you can't take that check into Bank of America and Cash. We can't bring nothing. News people Think that you, that Check that won't, it won't fit int Yo, I seen You got the money, bro.


It gave me the check. I'm like, that's not how You signed it though. So, So, all right. So that's like, for sure. Right? Then after that, then lawyers have to kind of work out the final agreement or whatever, and then they, they wire the money to you, right? So that could take a couple of weeks, but it took a couple of months. We never got it. And I will say this. I think that he had the intentions of giving it to us because he actually called after. He's like, yo, did y'all get the money yet? I'm like, nah, I didn't get it yet. But his team, And, I, I can't even knock them. They were doing their due diligence. They wanted to make sure that it was right, that the You know the legal agreement and everything. So it was just taking a long time. Right? It took like from Invest Fest in August to like, yeah, October 10 months. It's still, it's nah, it wasn't 10 months, it was like two months.


No, we, so we started the conversations. Yeah. But from Time We got the check. Oh yeah, yeah. The big check It. So in October we still didn't get it right. And then in November everything happened shut down. And then, And y'all knew It was over. It was over. We didn't even bother. So we never got the physical money. But also that's important to kind of clear up too, it wasn't a donation to us. It was, he wasn't investing in Earn, Your, Leisure. We were going to invest the money for him and the proceeds was gonna go to charity. Right? So that's another thing. You know people kind of create their own narratives. Like, yo did, he gave y'all a million dollars, so y'all can't talk about him. He never gave us a million dollars. And even if we did get the million, it was never, we would never, it was never going to our bank account. It was never going to Earn, Your, Leisure.


It was going to be invested. Right? But, but yeah. That, that never actually ended up happening. But that's not even something y'all would talk about. I mean, I see You know y'all do the blackout. Now you and you and Ian too. Y'all talk about more socially, culturally stuff than financial. Why'd y'all start doing that? Just to be able to, Those things just, yeah, because You know. It's like we wanna just have some diversity. So Earn, Your, Leisure, we interview Entrepreneurs Market Monday, we talk about stocks, but we, we have like other views, right? And, I just, we just wanted to kind of be a little bit more like You know free range to talk about whatever we wanted to talk about, whether it's conspiracy theories, relationships, whatever. So that show, it's a nighttime show comes on at 10 o'clock, kind of like wanted to do like a You know how they have like late night shows.


Yeah. So that was like our, that was like our spin on like a late night show. We bring different guests on like poor minds. They wouldn't really necessarily fit in the ecosystem of earning a leisure, but that allows, that's a place for them to fit. Like, so stuff like that. So It's, it's a, it's a blueprint that, that you, you have right here, right? Like you have Brevis Club, but you got brilliant. It's a different format and it's different views that you can express. So it's like the box, we always talk about box, never let anybody put you in a box. Oh, they want, they want Black. They wanna keep us in That. So like, even now when people watch, they're like, yo, what y'all turn into this? Like why are y'all not talking about investments? I'm like, yo bro. You know. That's just one part of our life. You Talk about investments every day, Every day for six years. Dude. Do people get mad at y'all? Like, like if y'all give your opinion on the Kendrick and Drake Sure.


Like You know what I mean? Like, yo Stick, stick to stocks. Right? You know what I mean? Like, y'all can't have an opinion. You Know what I mean? What Like what does this have to do with economic empowerment for Yo bro, This for six years, bro, every single day. Like I, we, our life is more than just reading stock charts, right? You know what I'm saying? Like, we actually like a variety of different things and we've been doing this way before we got into business. So it's like, I think it's important to have diversity and that makes it more relatable, right? Where it's like, alright, just regular people. It's not like we not, and we never put ourselves out there as like the Holy Saints, where it's like we can never have an opinion about a relationship. We can never have an opinion about sports like we are. So Yeah. We don't listen to the rap music. We high on the mountain that we can only talk to Robert Smith and only talk about private equity.


Like that's not relatable. Exactly. But that I, we, that's the important part. We grew to that. But what we started at was like, yeah, we, everybody in this world we recognize 'cause that's part of the culture. This is not just like, Hey, we just came up in this world of finance and this is all we've ever studied in our entire lives. Like, nah. I always say like, we're the fifth el we're the sixth element of hip hop. This is hip hop. Like We might be at the White House on on Wednesday. We might be at Dikeman on Thursday You. know what I'm saying? Like, that's really our life. Like we, we move in between those two worlds. Yeah. And like we do your show. We do CNBC. Like You know. I think that people, like you said, they try to put you in a box. And I think that that's dangerous because nobody should be held to just what somebody else thinks of them, right?


Like everybody should be able to do whatever they want to do. And I'm not knocking nobody else. I just feel like black people, we are the people who have the diversity to do that, right? We can be in all those different spaces. A lot of times when you a white person, you got your world, your world is The World, that's it. So you don't have, you're not forced to learn about a little bit of everything that helps you to navigate all of these different spaces. We do it and we do it effortlessly. Yeah. We got, we have a certain level of duality that nobody else can, can to manifest. Like we just have it and it's just kind of a natural thing because we've, we've had to adapt to it. Like we love a multitude of things. Like we're, that's just part of the nature of, of being black in America. Word.


Well, how can they get tickets for Invest Fest Invest Fest dot com. You can get your tickets. It is still a couple days left to enter the Nipsey Hussle business grant. Ask this opportunity to win a hundred thousand. But yeah, come to Invest Fest, man, we got so many great speakers. It's August 23rd to August 25th in Atlanta, Georgia, Georgia World Congress Center. It's our fourth year doing it. And man, if you've never been, it's a life changing experience. Something that we definitely are looking forward to. And thank you guys for allowing us to come on the platform and talk about it. Appreciate it. We appreciate y'all, appreciate y'all. And it's the, the biggest year impact. And we got, this is, this is breaking news, $25,000. We talked about the Laury Hill initiative. We talked about the Nipsey one 25,000 we'll be given in the marketplace as well. So that's breaking News Alert right now. 20 to the marketplace, 25,000 to vendor trying To Bevel to bevel. Our team at Bevel. They doing that. So, Wow. So that's gonna be incredible.


Well, it's Earn Your Leisure. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Super Bowl champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is Politicking even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World Podcast by podcast. Listen to Politicing with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends, and I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.