
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken, and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects, or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows, and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters In Power and Scream, the latest r and b and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neva. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building, The legendary, The icon. Ms. Lynn Whitfield. Welcome. Good morning. How you feeling? Thank you. I feel great. Glad to hear that. I'm happy to be Back, actually look amazing. Yeah. Thank you. Thank You. You just came back from South Africa and Zimbabwe, right? Yeah, I came back from South Africa. I was doing a film in Cape Town. I was there all like two and a half months. I was What was that like for you? Spiritually and culturally. Okay. So spiritually there's a lot of mag.


There's a magnetic force there, you know, with Table Mountain, a Cape of Good hope out there. It's so powerful. So I feel very energized by the energy of the place and often saddened by the history of the place. Mm. You know? So I have to kind of balance that out and maybe not go to the Slave Lodge Museum right away and maybe not go to District six and you know, remember Robb Island? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And all that, you know, and just feel the energy of the place, why it was so attractive in the first place that people wanted it so badly and still do.


Yeah. I never, I'm going to Cape Town for the holidays. I've been to Burg. I've never been to Cape Town. It's Beautiful. It's very beautiful. It's like a cross in topography between say, a San Francisco and a Miami, I think. I think it's like Miami. I always say Cape Town reminds me of Miami a lot. Durban is kind of like DC. Yeah. And you know, I haven't been to, you haven't like Chicago, Atlanta. Yep. Yeah. That's how I feel. But I love it there. It's my fourth time in South Africa. Now you're on season seven of The Chi. Yes. How are you enjoying the shine? Oh, well, I really enjoyed season seven. It was great. Emini here. I went in for three episodes at the end of season six, and then I was invited back for all of season seven.


And it was great how so many young, talented actors and an interesting storyline for me. So yeah. How do you decide what you want to do now? Right? Because you've done so many things and so many things have been impactful for our community. How do you say, you know what, I wanna do it, I wanna work with the young bucks on this one, or I'd rather do this one. How do you decide what, what Ms. Linfield? I don't know. When I read it, when I read something and my imagination gets to cooking And I can see where I can add something to it. My southern mother in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, who's now 94 Yma. Wow. That's a blessing. Wow. Wow. Wow. I pray to get To that. She says, she says, well, she'll put something on or put a throw pillow on the couch or do something, and she'll stand back and she'll say, I don't know.


Does it add? So if I feel like I can add something, add dimension, add deeper meaning, you know, thread something through a story that makes it better, I usually wanna do it. Also, you know, I like roles that are a little bit showy that I get to do something exciting. And yeah, I heard you did that with Alicia. I heard that you said that you were drew to the role not because of what was on the paper and that that, that you needed to fill that role out a little bit more. Right. Okay. What, what, what did you mean by it? The possibility of it. Okay. Okay. Because it was only for three. It was supposed to be for three episodes. So we have the first, all, the first information was she wanted her son to go and revenge the death of her brother.


Okay. Which is, you know, street culture, street law, like revenge. Right. So I found that very interesting to me because I don't understand people, I don't really understand the visceral energy of people who actually are hurt, disappointed, feel lost, and then turn that out into I'm gonna make somebody pay because it still doesn't make the pain go away. You know? So it was very interesting to me to take that journey and kind of figure out and fill in the gaps of how a human being can decide that, because I'm hurting.


I'm gonna hurt you, I'm going to kill you. And Hopefully it makes me Feel better. And hopefully that makes me feel better, you know? 'cause I watch true crime sometime and you know, I love our country. I love, but there's a lot of gun violence going on. People are acting out in some ways that yeah, more violence will make me whole. That's crazy. That's a crazy concept to me. Well, yeah. It's, and so I wanted to ex explore that kind of psyche, you know, People are just hurt and hurt people hurt people. It's protection. Well, that's It. Well, that's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When you don't, when you have all that unhealed trauma that you haven't dealt with, you just go around. Well, injecting it on other people. Exactly. So, but the journey, so we understand intellectually how that works, right.


But do we actually, if we were a fly on the wall and saw people move in that direction and move to that and go and purchase a gun and go and do, and all of that. So it's the nuances of it that are interesting to me, not just the, you, you know, the sweeping bullet point concept. Have you ever had to emotionally recover from a role you played and, and, and which one took you out the most personally? Mm. It's, it's, it's one that, it's one that nobody ever, that people didn't really see. It was a part of a trilogy of short stories that was on showtime years and years and years ago.


And with Andrew, Andrew, I can't even remember all the people who were in it, but the character was raped. And, and when we shot it, it was a rainy day in, in Toronto. And, you know, the whole thing, the being thrown down the, the, the invasion of it, of course there was no sexual act. But it really took me a little while to process all that and like release it because that aggressive act was so harsh to my spirit, even though we were acting, I had to just kind of heal from it.


Mm. And that was an unpleasant one. And it took a while And I cried myself to sleep that night. So my heart goes out to, you know, women or any human beings who've been, you know, sexually assaulted. Sexually assaulted. Yes. When You hear that in the news, did that bring you back there? When I hear for The acting roll, When I hear it in the news, it, I, you know, again, it's the nuances of something. So we hear, oh, somebody was raped, somebody was sexually assaulted. But the nuances of actually that happening to you, your body being invaded, you being overpowered, you being overthrown, it's frightening.


And it's frightening and it's painful and it's helpless. And, and you, you've also portrayed like a lot of powerful matriarchs. Right. And I, And I always wondered like, what did, well, Powerful women, they're not all matriarchs. Sometimes they don't, you know, there are powerful women who don't have children. Can't have children. That's true. Yeah. I always wonder, like, what did your mother or, or, or even grandmother teach you about that, like, commanding presence that you brought to those roles? I don't know. I think that's an energy that somebody's kind of born with. And my mother has it. And it's funny because my mother has this commanding presence and she's, you know, and her youth was really beautiful and well groomed and all of that.


Yet as her daughter, I know the nuances. So that's why I texture all of the women because I was raised by women who have a lot of dimensions to them, you know, who have a lot of insecurities and sometimes insecurities are all wrapped up and dressed up, you know, in fancy clothes or, you know, jewelry or perfume and, you know, hair and all of that. But that doesn't have a lot to do with the Evolution Of a soul. Hmm. So I find it very interesting to always go a little bit past the power and into the other nuances of who people are.


So they're, they're never just always powerful with no problems. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With with without character flaws, they're not perfect. There's, they're always some little missing link that they could make better that makes them not quite the person they want to be. Is it even possible to capture the complexities of a human in one role or, because it feels like you can only focus on like one or two layers of a person? Well, that all, that all has to do. Well, of course it depends on script. It depends on the way a writer allows you to develop a character. Yeah. So you can't tell the whole story. Emini here, when I did Josephine Baker, we couldn't tell the whole story.


How can you tell the whole, how can I tell your entire story? You know, Emini here, I could read your book and you probably didn't tell your whole entire story. You know, that's a very specific, you can only make some decisions and take an angle and make some creative decisions and go with that. You know? That's Right. But you know, when You look, because there are, there are, if you look at a human being, there are like central events in people's lives that make a big difference in who they turn out to be. Mm. So you can make a choice. And that's not just the actor, that's the writer, the director.


I can decide in my mind, these are events that I know that occurred in this human being's life. So that will affect how I respond. Right. Even if the audience doesn't see it. The audience, seeing those, those important events that happen to you, help them have more compassion for your mistakes. I think understand Emini here, there's so many people that we love in The World who are cultural icons. You know, big mistakes. You make mistakes. Yeah. Well, something happened when you, something had to happen long before you made these mistakes that skewed your judgment, you know?


So it, I believe that human beings were born good. No baby is born a villain. No baby is born a murderer. And it's up to, you know, how they're parented, what they're surrounded by, what they're exposed to, who they turn out to be. That's right. I was gonna ask about the Evolution Of Hollywood, right? Meaning I don't think people look at movies as they did back then. And I wanted to to get your thoughts on it, right? Because, you know, when a movie came out, you, everybody wanted to go see that movie. But now I feel like you don't, we don't have that same, that same feeling towards movies a lot of the times.


Like I was just talking to Charlamagne about the Clarissa Shields movie And I was like, it was an amazing movie, but I forgot it came out. It came out on Christmas And I happened to see it on a plane. And I'm like, damn, this was a good movie that I missed Movie. And you didn't. Yeah. Well technology has sort of changed everything. I think, you know, because everything is accessible. When, when movie culture was a family event, when people waited with baited breath to go and see a movie, the opening of a movie, it was because they weren't gonna see it. If you miss it in the movie theater, you might not see it Until it went to Blockbuster. I know I'm telling my age, but yes. When we went to Blockbuster, Right. Until you could get it in Block Damn Blockbuster.


Blockbuster in a long time. But it was so like, great because it's a family event, you know, everybody gets together. You going, people even used to like, wanna look cute. They have dinner before. Right. And the family goes to the movies and shares this idea. Even Emini here. I loved Drive-ins. Drive-ins were great 'cause we'd go in our pajamas. But no, it's not like that anymore because people have access, sometimes they have access to the movie before it's in a movie theater. So technology has kind of changed all that. But has that killed the experience like we were talking about even sinners, like he said, you wanna see it on IMAX because the sounds and Yes. And the quality and seeing it on a airplane TV is, is not doing anything for her.


Can I tell tell You it's still gonna be good when it comes out? Well, no, no, of course it's gonna be good. But when I trained to be an actress, you know, when I was at Howard, when I trained, you know, privately after college and all that, I was training to be on a big 30 foot screen. Mm. It was not occurring to me that people would be watching my image on a three inch screen on a phone. It really, that part makes me a little sad sometimes. Yeah. Because I, I fell in love with movies and storytelling, watching things on a Big Screen, or at least the million dollar movie with my grandmother when you could, you know, but this had been a movie and you couldn't see it anywhere else unless you caught the, you know, you caught the late night movie and it was playing again.


You couldn't just on demand it somewhere. Right. Well, What's the difference? Like how do you approach it differently as opposed to, okay, I know this is gonna be on a film Big Screen, this gonna be on tv. Like how do you, do you approach it differently when you act? Little bit? Wow. Okay. Okay. When you know something is gonna be on a Big Screen and you trust the director, I'm so excited. 'cause I just did a thrill with Malcolm d Lee. That's what I was doing. Oh. In South Africa? In South Africa. So I'm excited and we know that it is made for the movie theater. Okay. So when a screen is 30 feet tall, you really can think a thought and it will transmit, you know, you don't have to show people what you're feeling.


You can simply feel what you're feeling, you know? And, and that's so beautiful. But if you know, it's on a tiny, a small screen, it kind of gives you freedom to be more animated. You know, Emini here, you know, on a 30 foot screen Emini here, I don't, I don't wanna see people's lips trembling and all that. But you know what, Emini here, I don't wanna see somebody, you know, if there's a prize, like eyes, but because that, that means your eyes are like 15 feet. It's big, you know, and invasive. And I think it film just pulls you into the experience, you know?


And the smaller the screen, the, you don't have to think about it quite as much. So it can be different, but good acting is good. Acting believable. Acting is believable anywhere. It could be on the stage, a Big Screen television. Right. But there are little nuances that can change when you're doing it for Big Screen. Where, how do you like seeing stories? How do you like to Take That's an interesting question. Emini here. And, and, And I, I'm hearing you say it now. And then I heard, like, one of my production partners, we was talking earlier this week, and he was like, you shoot it, then after you shoot it, you determine where it's going to, where it's gonna live, or you can tell where it's gonna live.


And I, And I, I had me just thinking, I, I personally think I like the theater even though I, I like the comfort of home, but certain things I want to go see in theater. Like, I enjoyed watching centers in theaters. I wanted to go see, I can't wait Thunder Bowl The other day. I haven't seen it yet. I can. Me neither. That Neither. Yeah. I enjoy the theater. Wait to see it. I still enjoy the theater. Well, too bad I'm leaving. We could go. We could have went. Yeah. But I like home too. But I like the comfort of my home in the safety of my home now with everything going on. I like being home. I know every now and then, I remember last year I was in Chicago, I went to see, was it pretty thing, I forgot the name of it, but it was, it won the Oscar. And I was leaning back on the seat and the seat was kind of Tweety.


And all of a sudden I got into my mind like, oh my God, what if somebody like had some kind of something that I could catch from Being you scratching the whole time. I know You not Enjoying now. I'd be like that when I go to the matinees because I go to Matine. Yeah. And so nobody's in there. Yeah. And so I'll be all the way to the top. Top. Yeah. So if somebody comes up there and sits by me, I'm like, why would you come all the way up there? All the way Up there to sit? Like if it's a whole thing, Do what in The World. Yes. Yes. That's like being at a gym. Yes. And the gym is completely empty. Yes. Why in The World are you gonna choose the treadmill right next to me? I don't want hear you g Grunting and breathing.


You know? And I like the theater experience now because I'm learning like how the IMAX experience enhances it. The other day I went to go see Thunderbolt Sun. I went go see Thunderbolts last week And I went to go see it in, was it RPK or RRP X or something like that. And you can, you can, you felt it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. All the rumbling, all this all more experiential kinda, well we certainly need really quality escapism right now. I would say so. Yeah. It's great to be enveloped in an experience and lose oneself to just being, taking in, taking in another story, taking in humanity from another point of view, whether it's action or whatever it is, romance, sensual, whatever.


It's just great to leave our problems behind and step into somebody else's reality. I think. Now you talk about Ms. Woodfield. Okay. You were talking about Black Stories and Stories. I don know you gonna call me Lynn? No, He said Miss Linfield, you used to Miss Lynnfield. Ms. Woodfield. I say Ms. Lynn, I Can't. No. Just Lynn. I Ain't never called you no Lynn. I said, hey, No, but would you please call me Lynn? I could say Ms. Lynn. Oh, this is respectful. It is respectful. Okay, miss. Alright. Ms. Lynn ain't cool. Hey Ms. Lynn. Well I then, if you're gonna do that, I probably like Ms. Whitfield better, Ms. Whitfield. Okay. I would say, you know, when we talk about this Link sounds too southern for you. South, South Carolina.


South You born and raised? I'm from New York. He's from South Carolina. Oh Yeah. I was born in c South, South Carolina. Raised in monks corn. Really? Yes ma'am. I never would've thought so. Absolutely. Born and raised. All my family there right now. Really? Mother, dad in-laws, brothers, sisters, everybody, cousins. I didn't know we, that's home. Oh, okay. We country can then. That's Right, that's right. For My Baton Rouge though. That's right. Yeah. Okay. I was asking about, you know, you, you talked earlier about our stories, Black Stories. Why do you think it's still so hard for Black Stories to be told and sold in Hollywood when, you know, obviously we're supporting, people are going to see, but they just don't wanna produce 'em Now, you know, we could just go on and on.


We got a little time. Well, well, the relevancy of of, of who we are as a people, the entertaining nature of who we are as a people, the magic of who we are, of course is always being downplayed is always being made less important than it is in every, in, in every aspect of our culture. Emini here in fashion, nobody's gonna say, wow, this is really something that was very much influenced by the raps that were worn by men in some, you know, Western African tribe.


Even the Met Gala, 31 million. How much went to organizations that benefit black and brown people? It says zero. So, you know, I just came back from South Africa, a country that I love. I love this country. But that the supremacy of others and the self-importance of others. And I feel the insecurity of our wonder, you know, being threatened by our majesty, our creativity. So it's constantly a threat to people. It's constantly being belittled and made less important.


That's just the nature of it. 'cause you know, it, I I, I thought I would be a, you know, just getting away from some things, being in another country for two and a half months. But it is, so the three Emini here, I go to Victoria Falls, which which is called Moya, you know, and that's the storm. The storm, the storm that thunders, I think that's the tribal, you know, cosa, I think it's to the language. And that was the name of it. So this English explorer comes the tribe, show him this seventh, one of the seven wonders of The World.


And he says the Livingston, you know, oh, this is marvelous. Yes, I discovered this And I think I should gift it to the queen and name it after crazy. So that's Victoria Falls, you know, so it's a constant kind of wanting something that doesn't belong to you, right? Or wanting to quiet things that are threatening to you or makes you seem less interesting or is has commercial value, but you want to own it. So that Emini here, it's the same story over and over and over and over again.


So sometimes I feel like if we just keep just talking about it, we are just romancing, you know, like old dead mess because I can't see, I can't see white supremacy disappearing. I can't see the need to, to make others small to feel strong. I don't see it leaving. Right. And The hilarious thing about white supremacy is that we are not the threat to your existence. White supremacists are the threat to white supremacist existence. Well, well of course. But when you get to the point when, when we're just even hitting the tip of an iceberg talking about cultural things, artistic things, and why, you know, soldier story, which was soldiers play could be done and do all that box office back 30 years ago with Adolf Caesar and Denzel and all that, you know.


And then after that there's still a dearth. Or how you could have Lady sings the blues and it'd be so incredible. But the, you know, thank God HBO said, what, 20 years later, let's do Josephine Baker Emini here. How many stories? So it doesn't matter often like what the box office is that it actually made money. They just don't see the relevance of filling out theaters with more. Yeah. And sometimes we maybe don't even, we maybe don't, you know, put forth the stories that move us forward.


Emini here, there's, there's so much complexity and race in every corner of it. What do you think? I think everything you just said is absolutely correct, you know, but I I, But does, does, does it make you tired? You have these conversa, does it make you, you, You know, you know what? 'cause you have so many of these conversations. It, it, it makes me tired when we're not doing anything about it. But I think that there's a lot of people that's doing things about it. And I'm not looking for white Acceptance. Well, Ryan Cooglers definitely doing absolute stuff. Absolutely. Exactly. I am just, Ryan, I wanna work with you. You are brilliant. He is just so absolutely brilliant and courageous.


A authentic Yes. And authentic, you know, just so multilayered in his message. So there's always, always something that moves us forward. You know, we got all the leaders we got and now, and now maybe we have a pope who will be some voice in something to, to speak up, you know, just it's, there's always, I have faith, I hope, but I have faith that there'll always be something that'll bring a balance to it. Well that's something that's always God, I think. Well, yeah, God is always it.


That's right. But God will always provide That's right. Some new voice, some new leader groom somebody that we don't know that'll come outta nowhere. And help us to get through this Ms. Lee To Leave Each what I love, I love you. They said you have to leave at 9 45. Oh, I do. She Said, oh, I do. Exactly. Relax. Oh, You're just tired of me. Okay. Okay. Perfect. You know, I love your longevity in the game. I don't think we applaud that enough in people. Just the fact that somebody can be around for so long and be so consistent. Right. Was there ever a time in your career when you felt,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats. You can't escape and you weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today. And tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota, let's go places


Invisible. And and how did you push through that season? Well, you were just talking about God, right? So those times when say, God, I've contributed, I've done, you know, I've tried to do good work all this time, and why is nobody seeing it? Why is the continuum right? So yeah, that happens. And then I have to have faith that this gift that was deposited in me, this purpose that was put into me what is not there for nothing and that the right vehicle will come.


Or perhaps maybe what God is saying, well, you need to do the right vehicle your damn self. That's right. Because I've given you all kinds of talent to do so. So you know, whether or not I'm obedient to that, you know, will know maybe in our next conversation. But of course, And I get through it with God, I get through it with my love of storytelling, my love of acting, of being a part of this phenomenon. Why wouldn't you be obedient to God telling you to make your own? Like what would even be the hesitation? I don't, I don't think it's a hesitation of, I don't know if I should do it.


It's the energetic, the energetic activity of what it takes to do it. Mm Mm And to sell it, you know, to see it all the way through. That's why I'm saying Ryan Kogler is just so inspiring, you know, because he went all around Africa to many, many countries before he did Black Panther, you know, researching. He researched the blues and all those. So it Emini here. So it takes, it's me wanting to put forth all the energy effort layers that it takes in a craft that, that I haven't spent my life developing, like acting, telling the story.


I, but creating the story, like taking a pen and putting it on paper. And I, I kind of always wanna be good at what I do. So the sloppy copy, I just feel like it sloppy copy. Yeah. The sloppy copy might scare the shit outta me. You know what Emini here, like, oh my God, I can't do this. You know, like a blank page. So, so that's why it, it's not a brazen disobedience, it's more maybe a lack of confidence in that area. Gotcha. I, I love when I, I hear, you know, the, the, the OGs talk about people like Ryan. 'cause I wonder what is Ryan doing that you haven't seen before?


'cause you know, you, I'm, you know, the Gordon Parks is, and the Melvin Van Peebles and the, the Kathleen Collins, the Spike Lees, like, you know, all of these people have created great black work as well. What, what, Well, what what, what what Ryan is doing is taking that same kind of authority, creativity, authenticity into genres that we're not usually Got you. Yeah. You know? Gotcha. So that got, yeah. So that's wonderful. You gotcha. You know, so we have voices and being told in all those areas, you know, sinners is, you know, well there's, but yeah, it's vampires, right?


Yeah. And the blues and, you know, so authentically moving us into not camp, not, you know, just authentically like this is a real story. Not like a shiny costume, but a tweed suit. And it's been around a long time. It has character, It feel, and it, it still feels black And it Yeah, That's exactly right. So, so that's why I applaud him. So, because we need the new voices, right? We're talking about new voices. We need new creative leadership. We need, we need fresh energy all the time. I think Jordan Peel does a good job too.


Yes. Yes he does. I think Jordan Peel does a good job. He really, really, really does a really great job. He's, I And I think there's so much more to come. Is there, is there a movie role that you turned down that after seeing the movie, it was like, damn, I shouldn't have turned that one down. I liked that movie. Or a part or a character. No. There, there were one or two that they didn't choose me for that I thought I should have done. But then, you know, you can never name those. Y'all are not. Yeah. I would've did a way better job there.


They shoulda told me, You're not gonna rip me a new ass on that. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. We're not. We're gonna leave here with just, it's gonna be smooth sailing. Right. I seen a lot of people line comparing the role of Alicia to your lady may role. Have you seen that? And, and how do you feel about those? Compare Emini here, they can do what they want. Yeah. I think, you know, Alicia, lady Mae, they have a kingdom and they're not gonna lose it. You know, they have, you know what they have, they're not gonna lose. Lady may would not pick up a gun and go kill somebody. She might pray you out of the church, but she wouldn't take someone's life.


Lady May is a God-fearing woman who feels that putting her faith in God will help her do what she needs to do. Lady may had a longstanding love affair with her actual real husband, even though they had problems. So it was a much more organized family structure. Alicia's out there on her own, you know, divorced by herself, trying to make something of her son not having much faith in anything.


So therefore, feeling like she's gotta take care of it all they have in common, that they're well groomed women. But I really pay more attention to the diversity in these women's emotional experiences. So for me, they're very different, you Know? Yeah. I think they're looking at the, the, the onscreen diva Energy. Well, this is not the internal is. And I And I, yeah. Yeah. Not, not like who they are. And it is not always my fault. I am not somebody who says it's in my contract that I have to have fabulous clothes. And I take the home with me when I go, they must be gorgeous. They must be designer.


People see that in me and that they, it always just, even if I'm trying to be less, but did you see my film Albany Road? You didn't see that. You didn't see Albany Road? 'cause it was an independent film that didn't have great distribution, but there's absolutely no glamor. It was last year, we won several film awards. And it's me and Renee, Elise Goldsberry, and a lot of great actors. But you see, that's the, they don't, it doesn't, they not. I was funny. I I was not glamorous. I was, it wasn't Blackfoot It wasn't typical part as you would say. No, no, no. So there are, I've, I've played my maid and, you know, and this and that, but they don't see them.


They don't seem to stick. They like, people like what they like, they Like, yeah. They like seeing. But do you still, you don't still audition or do you still audition? Do you enjoy the audition process? Or is it one of those things now you're like, gimme what I want. We just talked about Hollywood and now why are you asking me some shit? Because you're an OG And you got the hits on the board. Yeah, I do. I do. I've made classics Emini here. Absolutely. You know, I'm a, I'm a horse that you can bet on. You know? Absolutely. That don't mean I'm not gonna, I'm, I will not, I will not break a leg or lose the race for you. I will take it to the end and people will feel something. That's the truth. But that is not always rewarded.


Mm. And there's, you know, so yeah. Many times I'm invited to do things. I was invited to do the shy, I was invited to do Albany Road. I was invited to do the film I just did with Malcolm d Lee, which I have great expectation that it'll be good. But then sometimes it's like, oh, really? Well, we just need to see her. We need to see her do it. Prove it. And damn many, many, many, many, many people. Yeah. After the, and now the Golden Golden Globe and All of that.


What, what with the Golden Globe nomination and after the Absolutely. Absolutely. It's because here's the thing. So much of casting in Hollywood and Hollywood is based upon fear. So like, you don't wanna make a mistake. You, a director wants to be sure maybe that you can deliver their vision of something. And nobody wants to take the blame. Nobody wants to take a fall. So show me, prove it to me. I don't know if every, every everybody goes there, but I think if you asked many actors, probably not Denzel or Sam, or, you know, the, it tends to be a little bit easier for our male stars than, Than Women.


You feel you get the flowers you deserve. For, for all the roles and the hits and the, the big movies and the big shows, do you feel like you get the flowers that you deserve? Honestly, look, Look, well, let me say, I, I think I'm more in the, I'm more in the, in the market for like, because, you know, flowers wilt and die. So I'm good with Emini here. I, I understand when they say, I want to give you your flowers, that's right here. I know, but you know, give me some diamonds. Give me some things that stick, that continue to, to gain value. Appreciate that.


And so, classics, so an opportunity to do more films or stories that will be classics that will stick around after I'm long gone, is what I want. Gotcha. I don't need so much people sitting around saying, oh, you did so good. And you are an icon and you know, on your shoulders, you open doors for me. I'm like, I'm opening doors for myself still. I, you know, I still have stuff I want to do. You know. So the Black Critics Association honored me this year at their luncheon, not at their evening Big gala. But it was beautiful at the luncheon.


'cause it's more intimate and people get Why y'all ain't honor Ms. Whitfield at that Goddamn dinner? No, Gil. Gil. Don't, don't listen to that. The lunch. Come on Gil. The luncheon. Just the brunch. Gil. No, because people really talk real smack at the luncheon. They really, it's not so formal. I really, really enjoyed it. And I said something there that I really would not say probably at the gala, which is, thank you so much for the respect. Thank you for giving me flowers that I open doors for you and you're inspired and all that. But Emini here, I really don't feel comfortable when people say, you know, on your shoulders, I stand And I please don't stand on my shoulders.


'cause I need to be laying on my feet. Mm. I'm not gonna be put in some corner. And as long as I can just keep this, I heard that alt therapy and red light therapy really, you know, tighten skin. So as long as I can keep it, then I have so much I want to do. What do you tell the, the, the young actress in college right now, Hampton University that is looking to be in this game? What do you tell that individual? You heard That little shot he tried to throw, he just try to A little shit. Is that your child or your girlfriend or who you talking about? No, I went to Hampton. I went to the real Age. Oh, you would? I went to, I'm trying to, I just wanna know who you talking About. I'm just talking about the young actors, Actress, young, The young age right now.


She would tell her transfer to Howard. That's What she would tell. No. That is so mean. That is so mean. I would say, you know, that it's really important to really be good at what you do, to work on the techniques that will give you the upper hand when all that stuff is going on. You know, auditioning nerves, you know, b action, you know, everything's going people, if you have to have your game plan. So that's called technique.


So I would say, you know, real study so that you have command of your own talent is really important. And then after that, to understand the shifts in this business, that would give you visibility to even be considered, you know, that is important. Social media is important. Now where, where are people finding talent? You know, so figuring out the business part of it and how you can attain it. 'cause agents don't even wanna represent people who don't already have credits. Yeah. And then out in Hollywood, you know, everything's behind the gate, but every audition is like virtual.


So you don't even get to there, there is no couch thing even that you have to worry about. 'cause there's, They just, it's virtual. It's all virtual. There's, you don't even have to be worried about that. It's like, oh, can you send a tape? We have, it has to be in by five o'clock. And you know, they get a hundred tapes and then a casting director goes through that. So you don't even have the opportunity to, for your personality to stand out or whatever. You're trying to, I thought you about to say you don't even have the opportunity to sleep your way to the top. No, I didn't wanna say it because I have to be careful what, like Lynn Whitfield was talking about that.


What is she doing for young? I'm just like, I don't know. People take things out of I got you. I got you. Yeah. Yeah. So you don't even get to get in the room. So learn the business and how you can amplify your talent. But first please be good. Be good. Mediocrity. I got, it's just the most boring thing. I just got two more questions because I know you gotta go. What's does success look like to you at 25? And how's that definition change now? Oh, at 25, I, I wanted an Oscar. I still don't have one. I haven't even been in anything that would give a consideration for an Oscar. I haven't even been in that conversation. I would, I I don't know. That was just a child. It's superficial. I know it is, but oh my goodness.


I just, it was just sort of something I romanced in my life, right? So I still have the 25-year-old version of that. But now I just am more comfortable with myself And I trust myself more. And what was different with my 25-year-old self than now? I think I was much more of a romantic. And, and, and now I'm not so much of a romantic, really? Mm. I don't think so. I, I, okay, here's the thing. I am a romantic, but I thought that being a romantic about life meant that you would find the best of romance.


That life would be so romantic. And I don't think that life is as romantic as I thought. Got you. You, you are aging like fine wine. Right? So what's the most misunderstood thing about being a woman who ages publicly in Hollywood? That they, that there's some kind of neutering thing that goes on, you know, where you don't think of women as sensual or sexual beings or real, you know, real women. It is stereotypical things that begin to happen in terms of roles and casting and writing.


And that's what our black writers do it as well. It's not, it's not a white Hollywood thing where this happens. It just happened. It and it's boring as shit. It's really a boring, And I Emini here. You could be sexy, you could Still be romantic. You don't have to grandmom, you don't have to auntie me. You're saying that's why I call you Ms. Whitfield. 'cause if I call you Lynn, But that's boring though. Yeah. But, but that's boring to Call me. But you still got that everything, you still got the, the sexiness. Well, it's fun. And so I said if I get this old therapy just keeping everything, the old, the red, you wear A mask and now you put the mask on and the red light mask.


And I, I have it. I don't do it as often as I should, but I'm going to because that would be the only thing, just keeping everything tight and Fabulous. What is it the energy about you? It's an energy that you have is the energy Stephanie Mills has. It's an energy. It's an energy. Alicia Rasha Rasha. Oh my god, Lord. Yes. So Angela Bassett. So that's it. I just, I just think they do that. And that's boring. It is so, so boring. How they, the the stories that they write, how you, how you're perceived. Yeah. I get what you're saying. They, they, they wanna write you into parts that are, they think an older woman should be playing basically. Correct. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. They wanna write that in, you know, comfortable world.


Everybody ain't got children. There are barren women. There are women who've never had children who are really interesting, who have a life. And even if you do have children, people have lives separate from their kids and their husbands and they're like appendage roles. I, I don't know. I'm very just fascinated by interesting women who continue to be productive and have, have a life. And they do. And we do. So, so I don't like that. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Always. And You could try. Oh, I don't wanna end on something And I said I don't like, that's so boring.


Oh, okay. Does that sound fussy? No, no, no, no. But Emini here. No, I know we have to go, but you all are always get me talking And I always leave here saying, did I say anything? That's gonna be, by The way, get you in trouble. You've earned the right to say whatever the fuck you want. That's right. Okay. Right, right. But did did he tell you that I was one of the early people to make him take his hat off? And I don't know how many people have felt his he loved you. He starts rushing him coming here and how, it just is amazing. I'm just so happy. And I've seen you without, and you very handsome without it. I like, it's so excited when you, when he, when you come up here, he starts to blushing and, and pace back and floor.


Yeah. I saw y'all sitting up in here looking bored. Shit. Before I got in here. But thank you so much. He does for the gist. No, he does. But thank you so much and thank you for supporting the shy and all my castmates. Absolutely. And mainly for supporting me always and always being kind and never making me too controversial. But I was saying maybe I need more controversy because then I You don't think So, you don't want it to be contrived. That's why I'm glad what you, I don dunno if he was trying to do that, but contr, contr, like contra con contrived controversy. You don't need that. I don't. Right? No, no. Just keep doing work. I can't even do it. I know I can't.


But you know the people who do they find them more. But you don't. Come on. No. See I don't agree With that. I'm so, I don't agree with that. I feel, feel like the people who are actually good. 'cause you said that earlier. Make sure you're good. You're actually good. Everybody knows that you're, you're great. That's right. I think that's, that's it hurts to say, but it's a lost art of being great. But anytime you're doing art, you should be being great. Yeah. You just don't have a lot of great people out here No more. Yeah. You just don't. Or at least trying, you know, we can make mistakes and do a sloppy copy and maybe it didn't work, but keep working at it and getting down to the Do you want to act?


No, I'm actually gonna be, I'm producing. You're producing? Yeah, I like producing. Oh, Okay. Yeah. That's good. I could see that. Yeah. What about you? I did before, but I'm, I'm, I'm good. You good? I'm good. I know it's a lot of work. It's hard of work those. It's a lot of work. People think. Yeah. I'm good though. Well you all thank you so much. Thank You. Season seven of the shot is streaming. Now Ms. Lynn Whitfield, thank you so much. You are Quite welcome. Thank you for having me. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast


Club. What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80


Yo K-Pop fans, are you ready? It's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories. Plus you, the fans, you're part of the show and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.