
Treachery backstabbing murder. Emmy winning the traitors is back for an all new season. Here we go again. Join me for the ultimate game of survival, where making it to the end is a matter of life and death. This game is torture dust. I can feel my Blood pressure rise. If you carry on with that cocky attitude, you might get yourself in trouble. Oh, I've missed this. Potatoes steaming January the ninth. Only on peacock,


The New Year's here. It's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate, Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now, we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm Olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products. Get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like, Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500. A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast, Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Laura LaRosa filling in for just today. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, Indeed. We have the brother, Leon Thomas. Welcome, bro. What's Good? What's good? How y'all feeling? How You feeling? Blessed Black and Holly favored Leon, you are by far the greatest new male r and b singer doing it today, Man, thank you so much. That's that. That shouldn't even be up for debate, Man. Man, I really appreciate that, man. How do you receive that? Yeah, Emini here. You know, to be honest, I try to just take it one step at a time. You know, I try to stay humble with everything, but I'm glad to be a new voice in r and b.


You know, it's a genre that I love, you know, I'm trying to bring back live musicianship, real songs. You know, writing with the team that I have has been a, an amazing pleasure. And, you know, just bringing like that, that organic feeling back to the live stage is like a big thing for me. You know, One of your biggest fans who's a producer up here, he put us onto you years ago. His name is Brandon. But he's actually, this is the funniest thing. He's actually in Africa right now, mud, mud Mutt. But he's a huge fan of yours. He, he goes to all your shows and all your concerts put us onto you early. But he would've, he would've loved to see you here. Man, that's amazing. For people that don't know Leon Thomas, you know, you started on Broadway. Tell everybody how you got your start and, and your way into being this, this RB star.


Well, listen, I grew up in New York, started on Broadway out here. I did three Broadway plays from Lion King, the Carolina Change, the Color Purple You Assemble in Lion King. Yeah. Yeah. I was sim in Lion King. And then, you know, I started booking movies and TV shows Before we slow up. But how, how was that? I just took my kids to see that. Oh no. It was insane. Emini here. So how was that training? 'cause it's a lot of shows. Yeah. A lot of people. And it's live, so you can't mess up. No, No, no. You can't mess up. It's eight shows a week. I was 10 years old when I did my first Broadway play. Shout out to my mom and my family for, you know, supporting me through that whole journey. And, and yeah man, I went from being a regular kid to starring on Broadway in a matter of months, you know? Now how was that? Because it's, it's not the the typical thing New York kids do, right?


So you're singing, you're dancing, you're doing that. So how did you get into that point? New York kids do? No, because you don't go on Broadway. I don't know anybody that went to Broadway. It's very different New York kids that go on Broadway. I don't, I don't Emini here. I don't, I don know. I had a couple homies who ended up in different plays, but for the most part, yeah, yeah, it was definitely like a bit of an anomaly for my neighborhood in Brooklyn. It was, it was kind of weird explaining it to my homies at school. Like, yeah, I was just doing a show last night. They're like, what? What's going on? Or maybe Kids from a certain area Emini here. Kids from, well, not from New York, from the Hoods of New York. Okay. Right. But nah, it was definitely a real pleasure, you know? But, but, but from there I ended up doing a lot of TV and film. You know, I shot my first movie out here with Robin Williams and Terrence Howard called August Rush, which was an amazing pleasure.


And that kind of brought me into a lot of, a lot of TV after that. Yeah. With Nickelodeon. And He was on Victoria. Yeah. Victorious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With Ariana Grande. And, you know, that was a big journey. That was the number one show on the network at the time. We were beating out American Idol. And it was a way for the rest of The World to kind of really tap into who I am as a creative. But it, it took years of, of really honing in on who I am as an artist to get to this point. Producing and writing for a bunch of different artists. Winning a Grammy, working with CSA and a Face Drake, a bunch of different people. It's been a, you wrote for Drake. It's real. I actually produced for Drake, but, but you know, shout out to him, man.


A lot of people writing for Drake. Allegedly. Yeah, allegedly man. But you know, for me, I don't Think there, nothing wrong with that. I Don't think there's anything wrong with it either. But it was a blessing to Emini here. It's, it is it interesting because I'm an artist and people see me as a singer. They kind of forget that I also produced a lot of big records. You know, my production game is pretty tight. So you Say like A rap nigga though? Well, yeah. On purpose. Yeah. Your lyrics are like that of a rapper. That's why when I see Freddie Gibbs on your records of Benjamin Butcher, it makes so much sense to me. Absolutely. Do you still keep in touch with anybody from Victoria's? Absolutely, man. You know, I chop it up with Ari Avan. Jogi is a really good friend of mine. You know, Matt Bennett, a lot of the cats, we all hang out and do lunch. It's kind of like my last two years of high school we're with them.


So that's like my graduating class essentially. We were all in school together, so, you know, we filmed, but we also went to school. So those are, those are my really good friends. Who, To Victoria and her mom. I did a, I hosted a New Year's Eve special with them. Oh, for real? Back In Oh, that's dope. That's dope. Good. People you ever wrote for Ariana? Yeah, actually I worked with her on her first album. That was my first time going number one with an album I did about like four songs on her first album. Yours truly. Wow. So that was a real, a real pleasure. Yeah. So you been Ritual for a minute. I was about to say like, how did you know so young and like, just being like, okay, I can act, I can dance, I can sing, but I can also go produce over here. Like how, 'cause a lot of people wait to diversify until they're like, you know, yeah.


Exposed a little bit. Emini here, shout out to Jermaine Dupree. He used to have this YouTube series called Living the Life. It was a Jermaine Dupree and Brian Michael Cox. And they were always in the studio, like filming their process. And, you know, I saw them being rich black men, you know, also being able to be creative every day. And I wanted to kind of recreate that lifestyle for myself, Ryan Leslie as well. Like seeing a lot of his YouTube videos inspired me to, you know, open up logic and, and try to produce myself. You know. Did you know You always wanted to be an RB singer? Like it was that the goal as a kid growing up for sure. Or you, you always wanted be an actor? Like, and when did you pivot when you was like, all right, this is what I want to do. Listen, I feel like I did this role with Katherine Bigelow. She's a Oscar award-winning director, but I had to cut my dreads for it.


And that was kinda like my last straw in acting. You know, I did this role for Detroit And I felt like, you know, I need to kind of tap back into who I am as an artist and, you know, grew my dreads back. Really got into my internal self meditating, really like tapping into who I am as a human being. And a lot of great music came outta that. You know, I always knew I wanted to be a singer, but I knew for a fact I needed to, to really present myself as who I truly was. It's so easy to play a character when you're always acting. You know, I needed to come to The World as my true self. Now you are Leon Thomas, I third. Yeah. Yeah. Did the first two Leons have any background in music?


Not really, you know, but my grandfather, I, I didn't get a lot of time with my grandfather, but, but my dad always told me that he was a real lover of music. And my dad sings, but he's an assistant principal now. But my grandfather who actually recently just passed, God bless his soul. Yeah, John Anthony was an opera singer and was on Broadway and Hello Dolly and used to be the music director for One Life to live out here in New York. All of the soap operas back in the day. Yep. So, you know, I was definitely surrounded by music just through, through my mom and, and, and her side of the family. Oh, so your mom was the musician? Yeah. That's The Black Black Rock Coalition. My mom side. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so, so my mom, j Anthony, she, she had a club date band in New York.


Used to play, used to be the house band for The World Trade Center, you know, played a lot of the big clubs out here. And I just grew up backstage with her and, you know, just really hanging out, you know, learning, learning music. So What was the Black Rock Coalition? So the Black Rock Coalition, there was clubs, like CBGBs, an array of different clubs where it was kind of awkward at a certain point in the 1980s where, you know, rock was created by us. But there was definitely elements of prejudice within that genre. And all of the Black rock stars decided to come together. You know, the, the cast from Living Color. A bunch of 'em just all came together to really protect each other through, through, through moments of, you know, turmoil through, through that season of the eighties and early nineties.


And it is just good to have each other's back, especially in a genre where you're not always celebrated When you were on the, like, the sets when you, like, even with like Victorious and stuff like that, what was your mom and like, your parents there often or? Oh yeah, my mom. Because Ariana Grande talked a lot about that too. Like how y'all parents were, were Close. Nah, they were there. They were there. You know, my mom was never like a momager, like over my, over my shoulder kind of mom. But she was also very protective of my peace. Got you. And mental health and making sure that I'm just like in a good, a good space while I'm, while I'm trying to create something timeless and, you know, shout out to her always, you know, creating safe spaces for me Right. Throughout that journey, you know. Did he kept You from getting slimed?


Yeah. Being Quiet On Set Doc. Yeah. No, it was definitely nuts. Definitely nuts. You know, seeing, seeing how everything looked Down. Definitely Nuts. It was definitely, definitely insane. Insane. Gotta say don't say don't say that. Definitely nuts after that. They Definitely, yeah, I know, I know. You know, it's crazy. It is crazy. 'cause you know, I just saw the doc not too long ago. It's definitely eye opening and, and a lot of my castmates, we, we, we hopped on a Zoom call. We all wanted to talk about it and Emini here, luckily during, during our seasons it was, it was very wholesome and chill. But, you know, shout out to anybody who dealt with anything bad. Emini here. I, I, you know, my, my heart definitely goes out to them.


Did you have a Childhood growing up? Like, were you able to do things that normal kids did or was it always I'm on set. I'm working. Yeah. Emini here, you know, to be completely real with you, I had a great childhood. My mom made sure that, you know, I had a good group of friends. You know, I went to public school up until my last two years of high school. You know, I feel like having that grounded energy was definitely important for even me as a songwriter and a producer now and an artist, you know, I feel like, you know, I come from a very human place. It's not like I tried to detach from who I am organically. You know, the Thing I love about your music too is number one, I can tell you've been, you, you, you got a sense of freedom.


Yeah. So does that come with money or does that come with just how you came up, you know, with your mom doing music? So you always felt free as an artist? Like what? Yeah. Emini here. You know, I think the, the, the greatest thing about being an artist is that it's a, it's a great representation of being a free black man. You know, like, you know, being able to wear what I want, you know, say what I want on, on record is really important to me. You know, I try to stay as grounded and as real to who I am as I can be. Emini here. I think it's, it's, it's really easy to want to be an artist and play a character who you think people want you to be. But I'm doing my best to just like, kind of Just say what I want, do what I want, you know, When you come up with songs. But like, I like Feelings on Silent with wa I love wa but songs like that, like when I listen to it each time I get something different from it.


Yeah. So the first time I listened I was like, oh, this is like guys just being like, we keep our feelings to ourself. And then the second time I listened, I'm like, this is the trauma that they deal with because like, he mentions PTSD and like a bunch of other things. Like how do you, first of all sitting back you, you wrote that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I co-wrote that. Sitting back and writing it with him. How do you be like, okay, here's all the things that we want people to get when they hear this. Or do you guys just write and whatever people get, they get like, were you dealing with something yourself then, or, You know, the way I wrote that record was really interesting. I was in, I was in Italy actually. I was working with Ye and Ty Dola on the Vultures one project. And we were at the Medici Estate, which is really beautiful.


Four seasons that they have out there. Beautiful Garden. And I'm listening to the instrumental from Conductor walking through the garden. And I just had some lyrics kind of, you know, bubbling up in my head. Went back and we recorded it. But I think it was one of those moments that it was just kind of stream of consciousness. I didn't really think too hard on my sections. That was like my second take that you're hearing there. It wasn't like me like kind of really punching in a bunch of different ideas. It was just kind of flowing. And when Wale heard it, that was probably the hardest verse to get. 'cause we did Probably You wanna get him back outside because he, we did Like five sessions to get that one verse. But yo he's so talented in seeing how he crafted his verse Emini here.


He would do like five bars at a time and he really cared about the poetry of it all, you know, and, and it's why I really respect him as an artist. He's just a true Lyricist. So to my guy Wiley, you, you signed the title Dollar Signs, right? Yeah, I am. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Easy Money. And it's in conjunction with Motown Records and just, you know, between Legacy and a new imprint. I think it's been really cool to, to kind of break ground in r and b right now. It's been a real special thing. I don't feel like Motown Records is doing enough for you. I don I don't know why Leon Thomas is not in heavy rotation on every radio station across the planet, whatever that button is that they need to push. Right, right. It needs to be pushed. Nah, I appreciate it, man. Well, I feel like opportunities like this are really helpful.


I feel like radio stations are definitely looking at, at, at platforms like this to say, okay, yeah, we feel comfortable, you know, trusting this new name and new face. You know, I've been doing this a long time, but I still look at this as a, a new artist's journey because I, I really just started like taking the artist journey serious, these, these last five years. So I'm, I'm really thankful for the growth. I'm thankful for the wins and there's, you know, there's people working really hard at those labels with actually a lot of underfunding and collapsing of, of, you know, labels into one. It's, it's, it's just a lot of work and, and a lot of people are losing jobs, so people are afraid to push that button sometimes. Yeah. It could be the, the demise of their entire, you know, career.


So I, I really respect the work that they're doing. I, I just know that this year is gonna be really special for me, man. Emini here, I've been doing a lot of praying and manifesting for just new things and you know, this was definitely on my bucket list, so I'm just appreciative to be here for real. Have have any program directors that DJs approached you and said, Hey, if you slide me this under the table, Nah, nah. De definitely know. Let me know, please. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna let you know I got a new homie. Yeah. Know what Emini here, big homie. We gotta congratulate you on, on your Grammy. I, we tell everybody that we helped with that because we played snooze every morning four times a morning. The record 6:00 AM Yeah, 6:00 AM But you did, You, you wrote snoo? No, I Produced, I produced on Snooze. Man. Yo, first of all, let's clear this up. Shout out to Scissor for writing that record we were producing in a separate room, and she heard the instrumental.


I was like, yo, what is that? And you know, there, there is something that I do where I like take my voice And I I chop it up like a sample because clearance samples is really expensive and it cuts into the publishing. So rather than like actually doing a sample, I I I'll just, you know, sing a little something, right? So she really liked that and then took it into the other room and wrote an amazing song. And being a part of the production on that with Babyface legendary Babyface was a true pleasure man. Emini here, it, it, it was a real journey to see that song go from like a crowd favorite to a Grammy award winning RB song, man. That, that was, that was definitely life changing for me. You got a Production team, right? It's The Rascals. Yeah. Yeah, the Rascals. Okay. Okay. Me, me and Chris Tines, man, we've been working together since we were like 18, so it's really cool to, to see the growth Emini here.


We started off, you know, a little shaky when it came to production, but it's nice to see us, you know, really develop into the producers we are now. We had great mentors, man, you have such Big, you have such big moments, like, I thought I was tripping, but you just said these last, what, like five years is when you feel like things started really moving for you As an artist? Yeah, as an Artist. Yeah. Yeah, because I'm like, I know you outside of being an artist, but you have such big moments even before that and during that. But it is like, I don't know, like when do, when do you feel like things started like to click finally where people were like, oh shoot Leon. Like we get it now. It's really interesting. I like to call it the Drake Effect. When I was working, when I was Working With Drake, all of a sudden label executives who have known me for years were like, eh, I think you could be an artist, you know?


And I was like, all right, okay. So I kind of peeped that And I said, okay, well let's just start, let's start kind of building this out. But I knew I wanted that, that same formula that Drake had with Lil Wayne and, and, and, you know, working with Ty Dollan was a really smart move. Not only because he's just an, an amazing artist, but because it was just nice to have a mentor who had done it already. So he's, he's just like, kind of like, yo, try this, make sure the look has this, or, you know, even when it came to the music, like, here's how you really format an album. And, you know, I'm, I'm definitely doing a lot of studying, you know, shout out to Todd Doan for sure. He definitely, you know, saw something in me that a lot of label executives were not sure about.


And it's cool to see it developing. How did you meet in real time? How, how Did you and Ty Dla Emini here? I was actually working on his album as a producer on featuring Todd dola sign. I was like, one of, I think nine producers on a song with Kanye and Thundercat and a bunch of other people, Nine producers on one record. Yeah. Because It's shit was like 0.5 when it's, it was like 0.5, like I was just there at a this or that, a vocal and like some bass or something. And then, but, but he had everybody play like their unreleased records And I played him some of my first album as like demos. And Todd was like, yo, you really, you're really tight, you know, as an artist. He was like, man. And he was originally trying to record one of the songs that I had, but I was like, nah, I want you to feature on it.


And over, over the years we became really good friends. I was working with him a lot and just kind of developed into a, into a whole situation with Sean Baron. Sean Baron is the guy who officially like, put it all together with Easy Money and Motown. Is It tough navigating because people are getting to know you now and everybody's falling in love with your music now and like you have such a close association with Drake, you have to like pick and choose where you go musically and what you do musically with who You know, honestly, She's asking can you work with Kendrick Lamar if you wanted to? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know that's what she's asking. Emini here. The way, the way I really look at it is just like, on a political level, I make r and b, you know, obviously I make hip hop too, but I'm really focused on my artist journey.


So Emini here, Kendrick is such a huge artist. I I don't really foresee us working together in the near future. And even with Drake, you know, I still want to take my steps to really build on my own two feet as an artist, right? So I'm doing what I have to do right now to really like, grow my own business. Touring is a big thing for me. I'm really focused on that. I'm hitting the road all this year and working on more records. So Emini here, shout out to everybody, but, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm definitely focused on me. I wanna ask you a, a business question about the production before we get into both of these great albums. Yeah. But you, when you are part of the Rascals Yeah. If y'all produce, but then you write, how do y'all, do you get another check for writing? Is that two different checks or, You know, publishing is interesting because you wanna leave room for the artist, but I would definitely ask for more percentages if, if, if we were really heavily involved in the writing as well.


But, but it's, it's, it's just an interesting thing, you know, I try to, we try to keep it pretty, even on the most part when it comes to production, especially if everybody was in the room from the beginning of the record. What if it's your pin is every, is everybody's production with your pin, you get a bigger slice of the pie or Production 50 Emini. Here it's like 50 50. So, so you know, you have the, the first 50 is the production side and the way I look at it is melody and drums, you know, and then the second 50 is, you know, just the writing side and it's just based off of how much you ended up writing of the song. Because a lot of artists are very involved with their storyline and lyrics and hook ideas. So I have no problem splitting that 25 there.


And then if I got 15 on the production or 25 on the production, now I got 50% of a record. Do y'all talk about that while y'all doing it? Or, 'cause 'cause it could creative Just flows And I gonna give you 2%. Trust me, we've definitely been through some things, you know, after the fact, right? And people get amnesia, but I think, you know, it's, it, it, it's really easier when you figure that out the, the day it happens, you know, we used to have split sheets there at the studio, which I thought was a really good practice, but we kinda let go of that. So I don so what you put Out your phone and just in your notes be like, I put this there, like, how do you keep up? Because you just, That's why it's just way easier and I think smarter to just split everything even, you know, if you can.


Artists Is doing that though. People wanna keep What they can get. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. Some artists with us, they are, especially if we writing and producing a song, you know? Gotcha. How was it with Kanye though, when you do splits and stuff like that? Oh Lord. Oh lord. It's, it's a little interesting man, but, you know, shout out to him. I feel like that experience was like more so just school for me on a production level. I've never seen anybody be so magical with their imagination. He would have these ideas and it was so cool to see teams of people make that a reality. And I think that's what I could take from that Emini here, publishing's important, but you know, it's the, it's the true life experience from, from, from seeing a free black man put stuff together was like really tight.


How old were you when you realized Vibes Don't lie? One of my favorite records album? How Old were you when you first realized Vibes Don't lie? I think that was, that was definitely early twenties. I think LA is is filled with facades and people who are pretending to be something they aren't people who move from their hometown and create a whole new persona. So I think for me, just really studying folks, especially a lot of the women you deal with out theirs, you know, it's really important to, to study their actions and not their words. I love the fact that you are encouraging women, women to keep their pussy healthy on. Yes. I'm Did you ever wanna be a gynecologist? No. Proper sy health?


Nah, no, no, no. I wasn't on the list. I just listen. Like what? Yeah, I just listened. I just listened man. And I support. So you, they they tell you like, Hey, my pussy's not feeling the best today. No Emini here. I just think pH balance is a conversation and you know, I just listened, man. Smell something, smell Something, smell something that put it, because you was very, very specific. You said she, she only drink water, she keep that pussy healthy. Yeah, They said on Twitter you be talking crazy like that, but you sing it so people can't be bad about it. Yeah, they can't really like, so you have that conversation in real life with your, your home. Like you're not your homegirl you shorty. Honestly, you know, I'm just big on shock value. I think songs, especially r and b songs have gotten a bit, not boring, but I think we've, we've kind of already hit the, the golden era of r and b.


So I'm just finding new ways to make people's ears p you know, perk up and their minds move. I think social media and podcasts are really interesting to me. You know, these phone mics bring out so many conversations And I think as a r and b artist, I wanna find ways to let that live on the record. And it doesn't always have to be like, verbatim of what I'm going through in real life. I think it's important to create the drama, you know, I kind of see music as, you know, script and a score. So sometimes the records are just like really good dramatizations of like what I'm seeing in The World. You've encountered some unhealthy vaginas, don't lie. I was say so. You, I don think everybody is, But like how, but like how, how does that go for you now?


Emini here. I Don't think, I don't think it's True now. Or like women expecting you to be like, all right, here's the check. Like how do you, because you got the songs like they're there. Yeah, yeah. You know, I definitely got the songs, but I think it's just important to be honest with your partner, you know, communicate, but, but I think it's, it's a, it's a pretty interesting conversation. I try to stay out of if I don't have to, you Know what I'm saying? You ever Did the air wax test? No. I don't even know what that is. You putting me on right now? Air wax test Digging your hair a little Bit. There's a little wax on it. Put a little pinky. Put the pinky inside her. Hold On. What is that? She jumped, she got something. What? That's pussy as healthy as should be. Be honest. If you listen. Yo dad seen lady should do it on yourself.


I dunno where he got off. Everybody. You do That is nuts. That's South Carolina. That's insane back road thing that they do. It doesn't, I do not try that. Nos ginger Wild Ginger works. That doesn't Ginger. Y'all Ginger. Your mom never told you you got stomachache. Go drink ginger. We ain't about Stomachaches. We talking about People Think ginger cure everything. Not earwax. Don't listen to him. Yo, this is the last Never heard that. Put Ginger on your vagina. That's Ginger. Y'all never heard that? That's why you s that, that's why you sing Is Crazy. My grandma used to be like, go get some ginger around and lay down. Wow. About, Yeah. And I don we love Gingerella around here. One thing I don't respect is you is is what you did on how fast though?


Oh, what's up? What's up? Oh, the Honda. You shit on people in Hondas? No. Why? No, no. What's wrong with Hondas? One of the most reliable car Brands ever. I, I love a good Honda. My dad has a Honda. I love Hondas. Here's the deal. It was a quick bar, you know, I was just in the booth. Whiling, I, I I don't really have a problem with it. I think it was just more so I was just flowing, you know, and, and I'm, I'm big on not doing too many edits. Like, like when I, when I record a record, it's like, what's coming to my mind on the first or second take is what's it's gonna be there, you know? And I like to stand on my, my, you know, first mind. And it was more so just talking about the competition being slower than I am because I'm moving at such a fast pace. You know, the metaphor was about that it had nothing to do with Honda. What was your first call?


But a Honda, you know, compared to a Lamborghini is pretty, you know, pretty slow is it? No, no, But civic civics are more reliable. Civics will stick with you. Like herpes bro. They beat you. Yeah. What was your first car? My first car was a Benz CK 500. Damn. He been getting money for, we just talked about his career. I was gonna say Ultima, like, like he, Nah, nah, nah. That, that was my first one. Yeah. Did did your therapist really tell you that you're too detached? Or is that just something you tell women so you don't commit? Nah, I think, I think you know, that bar for me, I have a co-writer, busy Crook and he lives in Miami. Great rapper. That was a bar that came from him. He's very deep into therapy.


But I'm glad that we talked about it on record because Emini here, it's something that I definitely did try out over the pandemic and it's something that I actually really respect you a lot for a championing, you know? Thank you brother. But, but, but yeah, that was a, that was a bar from Busy. But I thought it was important to add in there, you know, Don't try to blame Busy now. Nah. Emini here. This is yo, that's my co-writer. You shout out to him. You know what I'm saying? Like, we, we write a lot of our songs together And I really respect a lot of, a lot of the perspectives he brings to a lot of my poignant records. You know, you have some great bars on For Dancing with, when I listen to Dancing with the Demons. Yeah, it Do you ever get like Miguel references sometimes? Mm, Absolutely. Yeah, Because I was listening And I'm like, oh my gosh. Like, I wonder if like that like, are y'all, do you know him?


Yeah, it's like my big bro. We actually did a movie together. He was in Detroit, the one I had to cut my hair for. He, he was a, he was an amazing, an amazing mentor for me for some years. And you know, that bridge between


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music has got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm mul of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cashback rewards with Colgate Paul Olive rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And Together on the really no really podcast, our Mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why They refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Will space junk block your cell signal? The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talked with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, as Tom Cruise really do his own stunts, his stunt man reveals the answer. And you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is what his doing. How are you too? Hello, my Friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Real Know, really, sir, bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mendel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening, really. No, really? Yeah, really. No. Really go to really no. really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called, really No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop, Smash Slam, Another one Gone, BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat, and another one Gone. A tip, but a Cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and it Did, you know, did Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


R and b and rock and roll. He's traveled across that bridge many a time. I definitely look up to him when it comes to that. And you know, for me, because I play multiple instruments, you know, I I definitely try to just embody a a, a lot of that energy. But, but, but I think we both have the same influences as well. I agree with Lauren on that. Miguel, to me, before you was the last great r and b male, r and b singer to me. I'm just talking about the new guy. I'm talking about. Yeah. You know, the, the OG legend I'm talking about. He's the, he was the last one to me. And I, And I, I felt the same way when I heard dancer with the demons. I feel like, I feel like you're talking to yourself on that record though. I am. I am. You know, you Can't seem to save Yourself. I was microdosing.


I I was microdosing on shrooms for a lot of, like, those batch of records. I, and it's, it, it's like a very interesting thing because it, it connects your neuro pathways in a certain way and, and you kind of start looking inward a lot more. And, you know, that record was, was was definitely like an internal conversation just on wax. Yeah. You said you can't seem to save yourself. Never learned to ask for help going out all night, searching for a feeling. So, so what, what, what have you learned to ask for help? It's a one, but I thought, 'cause I took it as like, it wasn't talking about a woman. Nah, At some point it's in journal. Well, Emini here, it's, it's, it's interesting for me, like that record when I wrote it, I wrote it in two different days. The first day I was, you know, microdosing on shrooms, so it was a bit of a haze.


The next day I listened to it And I was like, man, this is really poignant stuff, Emini here. It's just really talking about being up all night and searching for a feeling and it's trying to fill voids. I feel like as you know, when you're in your single journey, you can, you can try to fill a void with a, with a stranger. And that's not always very healthy. And what's fun. It could be fun. It could be fun for sure. But, but, but, and then especially when you're, when you're in the limelight, the second verse is more so talking about being in the limelight and trying to fill voids. Nobody really talks about the darkness that comes with the flashing lights and yeah. That, that, that record was very deep and very personal for me. You know, I'm glad that people resonate with it. You Said never learned to ask for help.


Yeah, well, Emini here, I think it's, it's really interesting because it was, of the experiences I had with therapy was I was with a therapist and I'm talking about all this deep stuff in my life and, you know, trying to unpack things and at the end of it he's like, have you ever been to a a basketball game court side? What's that like? Oh my God. He just started asking like, all this stuff about like, like being, being famous essentially. And I don't know, it, it was just like a, an awkward moment for me. A place where I thought I could be safe. In that one instance. I've, since then I've found a really good therapist. But in that moment it was, it was definitely one of those things where it was like, damn you, it, it's hard to ask for help. 'cause even when you ask for it, sometimes you don't get the right kind.


I think when you are a black man, especially a black man in your position, it's hard to find culturally competent therapists. Right. Because there's a lot of things that you're going to deal with that you're going to want somebody to understand, right? Yeah. You know what, Emini here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely, man. But, but you know, shout out to the great therapists out there. You know? Definitely. It's definitely a, a amazing journey that that, that I'm, that I'm trying to dig back into a lot more as I, as I continue to grow as a human being. Now you was talking about microdosing on shrooms. Yeah. Where, where does that put your mind? And do you always do that to produce And write? Nah, nah, Emini here. I think, I think for this, this album, it was an interesting opportunity to, to kind of unplug Emini here.


I I wasn't doing as many shows around that time too, so it was really helpful to, to kind of just get into my own head and try to figure out who I am. You know, I, I I definitely did a lot of manifesting, a lot of just like writing down who I wanted to be as a human being around that time. A lot of journaling, you know, and looking back at that season in my life, it was, it was a journey for me to evolve into who I am right now. I wouldn't suggest people just go super crazy on shrooms or anything, but I think microdosing, you know, a small amount could be healthy if you're trying to just find yourself, you know, And I, that time I was trying to find myself, you know? Yeah. I'm Micro dose, I have macro dose too. Yeah. Yeah. They Don't really do nothing for me though. It just make me, it feels like everything is in hd, Right?


Yeah. Yeah. But Emini here, if you got real things that you're trying to deal with internally, I think it can, you know, put that in HD as well. I was, Yeah. Now see that, that Emini here, you know, I feel like I need to go down and live some more life before I really hit that, that that Will Smith journey. You know, he always talks about ayahuasca and stuff, but y'all Are in Jersey, you only do it when it calls you. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. For, it was calling me for like six, I'd say about six years, seven years. It was calling me. I did it for the first time last year. Oh wow. Wow. Wow. How was that for you? Incredible. I did a three day, three day journey. Man. Man, it was incredible. Yeah. Yeah. My, my boy, his dad runs like a whole situation in I think Mexico or something for like ayahuasca and stuff. So, I don't know, man. Maybe one day you said You were trying to find yourself.


Did you find yourself? Yeah, but Emini here, I feel like that's a constant journey. That's like the whole part of finding yourself. You, you realize it, it never stops because we're always evolving, you know? But it's, it's great that I was able to do it through music that, that, that was like a version of musical therapy for me. And I'm glad that people are resonating with it, you know, electric, I Love, I love how you're normalizing dogs on much. Not, not, not, I'm not a dog anymore, but there is a young unhealed version of me that would've really appreciated that that record, because you make it sound so fun. And It's almost like women are just going bring you in. Like, oh, bring, come in you straight dog. Let me domesticate you. Nah, Emini here. I, I was really just documenting what I saw. Cut it out, but nah, nah, nah.


It's definitely, it's definitely parts of me. It's definitely parts of me Post. Now you document what you, okay, we Identify with the music there me post, you know, post breakup where, where I just had to, I just had to figure it out. But I think that's all a part of living, you know, you get nervous though, that's starting this, that's, this is a to break up album. Yeah. This is a post breakup album. So this is me documenting, you know, finding myself first off. Like, you know, you, you're, you're kind of broken after that, and then you gotta you gotta put the pieces back together. Her Fault. Yes. Nah, it's not her fault. Emini here. It's our fault. Listen, Leon, it's her fault that you ended up being a dog. You went through your whole phase. It's Her fault. I bet. Well wait, so when you did electric dust, you said that you were happily single during that project too.


Yeah. So, so then you got in a relationship after that. Here's The deal. When I was, when I was making Mutt, when I was making Mutt, it was at the same time that I had released electric dust. Like, I started Mutt at the exact same time that I was releasing the electric dust. So we were at our tail end when I was doing how fast of our relationship, and then everything after that was breakup. Mm. So the first record was like the only season where we were still together. Wow. And then like after that was me just kind of, you know, combing through my brain trying to figure things out. Nights in La Whiling out, you know what I'm saying? But I think it, it, it, it all turned into great music.


So, you know, I'm glad I'm here to tell the Story. Did a woman ever tell you that for real? Like, take your time. Don't you rush and you like, I'm a dog, I'm a well Emini here. It, you know, I don't know. I think that's a, that's a, that's an interesting bar because Yeah. Yeah. It was a, it was definitely a time, you know, take your time. Let's slow down baby. Yeah. I think people, I think everybody should go through their whole phases. Men and women. Like you should go through that phase where you get to just be free and be who you are and explore and lay down with who you wanna lay down with. Scared of that whole phase for Brothers, Man. It's, it's, it's nasty I hear going, Going On. Like you're super famous, like your fa everything about you super recognizable. So how do you, like, I don dunno if you out the whole phase yet or not, but Yeah, Yeah, yeah, definitely. You avoid the bullshit. How did you, because we ain't hear about you. You ain't hit the chamber.


Yeah, yeah. No Emini here. I think it's just important to really stay focused on being grounded and nice to people and communicate, you know, that was the biggest thing. But I'm definitely in a journey of, of, you know, trying to find my person right now. I know that may sound corny to certain people, but I think, you know, for me, I've seen so many examples of huge artists, very rich people who don't necessarily have love and, and a support system around them outside of their family. And I wanna build that for myself in my thirties. You know, I'm 31 right now, so I'm looking forward to like having that, you know, at the end of it all, You got about five more years. Yeah. Yeah. But, but Emini here, you know, when you find that person'll figure it out, when you find that person, when I find the right person on that, it's locking that down.


Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be hard for you to find that right person because of who you are. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've been with my woman for 26 years and you've been with this woman for what, 30, 30 years. You know what? Emini here. So it, like you, it's gonna be hard for you just because you are Leon Thomas. You don't even know if girls like you for you for real. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I'll figure it out. Yeah. I think it's very commendable too that on the song safe Place, you let the person you're dealing with know this isn't a safe place. Yeah. Yeah. What inspired that Emini here? I think knowing that I wasn't necessarily ready to settle down. I think that conversation definitely came up a lot during, I guess you would call it my whole face. You know, just understanding like, yo, I'm, I'm, I'm not trying to settle down.


This is a, this is a fun place, you know, this is a, this is a time period where I'm just figuring me out. Work is crazy. It's hectic, you know? And I think having that conversation was important to, to, like you said, just avoid people not understanding what it was at the time. Now you honest, How does that feel, Lauren? Like if you, when you're a woman and a guy comes to you and a guy says, I'm a dog, I'm a mud. Or a guy says, look baby, we can kick it, but this ain't the same place. I think it depends on the type of woman you are. Well, You know, she's that Person. She's the one that tells, first of All, no, is that right? She's A mother. That's, first Of all, don't the way they tell They no, don't listen to them. Like don't listen to them. No. I think, are we lying? You are lying. I think that you can appreciate honesty, but I also think that the honesty is unrealistic on both sides.


Because eventually if you're spending enough time together, regardless of what space, it's not Yeah. You kind of get in the habit even if you're not attached. No, not of lying, but like of wanting to be with that person. So then it becomes consistent. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then emotions and feelings come that you both said in the beginning weren't gonna happen, weren't gonna be. So it doesn't work out. The safe space becomes, it's exploding now, right? Because everybody's all over the place. Emotion. That's Something I didn't really, you know, identify in the song, but yeah, she's, that Was you Honest? Im person though. 'cause you're honest in music, but it's difficult to be face to face with somebody and be like, It's very this, it's very difficult thing. It's very difficult. But I try my, you know, I really try my best to be as honest as I can, you know? But yeah, those are hard conversations man. You know, I, I, I can't sit here and say I've always done it right, or I'm, I'm perfect or anything, but I try, I try to be like real, you know, I try to explain myself, but even when you explain yourself, sometimes wires get crossed, you know?


So unpacking it and communicating, you know, is an important thing later on. Yeah. Don't know. Woman wanna hear that shit after she just let you hit raw. Yeah, It's in, it's, yeah, it's not shit. Has a woman ever said that to you when you were trying to like, create like a, all right, maybe this is like a thing and, and she's like, yo, I like You, I don't wanna do that to you. Yeah, Actually, yeah. Yeah. In my, in my early twenties, I was talking to this amazing artist and, and yeah, she was just like, listen baby, this ain't safe place kind of thing, you know, Anybody we know now. She's like, nah, nah, nah, I don't think you guys, you tear up a little bit. Yeah, no, no, no. It was all good for me. Emini here, that point Off falling up. Nah, you little bit. But yeah. Yeah. You know, it was definitely, you know, it was definitely a, a, a realization for me.


I was like, oh, it can happen on that side too. I was like 20, maybe 21, you know? Oh, you cried in the car. Yeah. So I was like real young and kind, kind of, you know, green, like, oh, okay. All bet. Cool. So you all looking for a relationship now? If the right Person? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm definitely, I'm definitely in that mode right now, you Know? Are you dating, would you date art other, like artists, celebrities, or do you, like, how does that work? Are you doing that Right now? It's just hectic, Emini here you're kind of inviting the media into your life, like the one safe place you have. But Emini here, who knows if I really catch a vibe with somebody who happens to be fan Emini here, I don't really care about that side of things. You know, I've been in the game a long time. I've met some beautiful women who are amazing artists, but it's just about the human being, you know? And it can be tough to, to, to really build something if both of your schedules are super hectic.


So, I don't know. Even, Even that's difficult though. 'cause you could be dating a, a female artist who may be using you for your pen, who may be using you for your production. You never know. You never know. But Emini here, regardless, I feel like there's, it doesn't matter. There's always an ebb and flow of like, people using you for something that true. You know, you, you, it's, it's a give and take no matter how you really look at it. I think it's just important to at least be with somebody who genuinely cares and unpacking enough to get behind the facade. That is the first six month filter i, I like to call it, of when people are acting all upright and, and righteous. You know, after those six months you can really usually unpack and find like a, a good idea of who that person is. So what does A safe place look like for Leon Thomas?


A safe place, you know, for me is being able to be honest with that person. And I'm goofy in real life, you know? So I, I want to have fun, you know, life can be kind of serious, so, so I, I like my partner to be able to have a good time with me, you know, watch movies, go kick it, run around, you know, like, like be a big kid with me. You Also, you had an interrupting line in the song where in in a safe place where you say you put that on your trauma and like trauma is something that we're all trying to heal from, right? Yeah. But you said it like, you like a, like a badge of honor almost. Like I don even say, you put that on my mama. Yeah. Put that on my mama. Put that On on the home. So why do you put that on the trauma? Like what did that mean? Emini here? I think it all kind of plays into the, the reasoning for why it's not a safe place, you know, but, but, but it, it was a bit of a badge of honor in that record for sure.


For sure. Because I think we should, we should be able to wear our traumas in a way of, of, of being survivors, of, of, of epic things and being able to move past that and, and evolve from that, you know? Well, listen, you wanna get into a, a joint off that. I I don't wanna ask him a question too about the, the another record on Farfetched. Yeah. You said, because we was, we was having a big conversation this week about tricking, 'cause you know, skip Bailiff allegedly, oh my God. Offered somebody 1.5 million. Oh my god. And you say paid for my mistakes in s and Diamonds. Two 50 fronted, like you was my artist, five Gs just to cross the Atlantic. We sat in silence for almost two hours. Yeah, that's a Horrible vacation. A quarter million dollars.


Yeah. Benzs and Diamonds. Well, listen, when I wrote that record, it was not for me. That was not a joint that I was originally gonna use for me. It was for somebody really famous and really rich. But I just love the way it sounded. And I was like, well, you know what? I love to speak in a world where I can actually afford that. Why not? Let's manifest that. Let, Let's go. Don't you, don't you feel as an r and b artist though, when you write records for other people, but then you sing 'em yourself, you're setting a, a expectation that's not real for you. Because if I'm sitting, it's, It's art. It's art, you know, like, like, like Emini here I look at artists like Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osborne really wasn't eating that. Like, but it's like, it's it so funny because like in, like in, in, well accidentally, but, but, but the whole thing is, is that in rock and roll and pop, they get to live in these fantasy worlds.


But it's so interesting in r and b and hip hop, it's, it's like so has to be so real and culture based and it's like, nah, I think it's, I important for us to be able to imagine and dream and create worlds that don't exist sometimes. 'cause I think that won't stifle new artists from continuing to do the same thing. Like dream up. The biggest thing, you know, Drake even said in some of his bars back in the day, he was talking about Rolls Royces and Bentleys and shit. He just didn't have, you know, at the time. So it's, it's essentially me doing the same thing. And I always speak, you know, future, future focused, you know, abundance mindset, you know, I'm trying to build a world where, you know, I can definitely, definitely afford that.


So why not? Oh, so You would trick, you would give a girl 20, 50,000. You Know what, that's not how I would be spending my money charlamagne, but just the fact that I could afford it, you know, let's go And lucid dreams. You talk about just significant other, leaving things behind. Yeah, that Was a, that was a fun record with Miss Sego After a breakup. Why, why do you think that topic is taboo? Taboo? I don't really consider it taboo necessarily, but I think it's just like, it's just funny 'cause for me, I was living with my ex for like a couple years, so she just had like a closet filled with clothes at my crib and it had been like a year and a half since we had broken up. So we would, we were in, in the, in the studio talking about different things.


The guitarist and producer on that song, freaky Rob, his girl left a, a flat screen at the house that he had to use to watch Netflix. He was like, man, when is she gonna take this flat screen? And you know, Meego also had a similar situation like that at his crib with a couch. So we were all just kind of using all of our different experiences, putting it into a song and you know, just locking it in. It's Different when it's closed Though. Yeah. Did you clear, you cleared out the closet, Right? Yeah, it definitely clear out the, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Cleared out the closet Lock. Did you move outta the apartment or you just cleared out the closet? You still Nah, I'm still at the crib. Okay. You know what, Emini here, still at the crib, you know, there's definitely a certain interior design choices. I'm gonna switch up soon, but, oh, This is like real recent. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Oh, you think these labels know how to market RB nowadays, especially male RBI Think it's, it's kind of, it's kind of interesting because we used to have 1 0 6 and park. We used to have like a, a different perspective on r and b And I feel like the fantasy could be alive in a different way. You know, a lot of the music is driven by culture recently, which I think is dope. But, but, but r and b is definitely a place of fantasy, you know, Jodeci and the desert and leather like, you know, it's like, it's like a very ethereal place sometimes when you really look at it. So I think it's really tough for labels to find that, that balance and especially 'cause most RB artists are like really inspired by, by all alternative music.


So, you know, you got, you know, your babies of ss a and that's right of, you know, Brent and Miguel even, and it's, it's kind of hard. It's not the same thing they used to have to market and a lot of the same executive options. Right. Because if you think about it, before the label gave people what they wanted to hear. Oh, for sure. But now it's like you put out an album and it's almost like they wait to see what song connects first. Exactly. Oh, Mutt Connects or we gonna go with Mutt. Right. You know, dance with Demons Connects. So I think you give people too much of an option and allow people to pick their own signal. And Even when they connect, they still don't know what the hell to do with it. Yeah. Emini here, it's, it's at that point too. It is tough. It's tough, man. It's tough. I I definitely don't envy their seat right now trying to figure out how to navigate through nine different platforms, social media, a TikTok that's about to go away in a couple months and like, you, Like Frank McCourt's gonna buy.


Oh, you think so? Frank McCourt's gonna Buy I bet. But regardless of shit's fucking nuts, like everybody's trying to figure it out. Like, it's really hard to, it's really hard to deal with, you know? So Yeah. And it, it don't feel like it's a separation either. Right, because if I look at Leon Thomas, he looks like a rapper kind. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like you like there, there used to be a look to r and b singers. Yeah. But your aesthetic is like fashion your shows or like the lighting, I don know if you do that on purpose, but like the light shoes and stuff like that, it all gives like a artsy creative, like extra vibe. But like, yeah, I'm no sexy Flexy, No Emini here. I'm doing what I want, man. You know, I'm really just, I'm really just rocking, you know, Emini here. I think for those of us out there in the RB world who want to have, you know, the six pack and do the Ja rating and the baby oil and shit, like, you know, do your thing, but whoa Is different in 2025.


But No, but what I'm saying is, is that like, like, like the whole vibe of it is is is a, that's its own thing. I think what I'm creating creatively is, is is my own world and it's, it's, it is rooted in rock and roll. It's rooted in doing what I want to do, you know? And, and, and I'm, I'm glad I, I have the creative control to go there. You know, that's The beauty of r and b artists though, because there's so many r and b artists that are just ugly, but their music is so good that women love them. Oh, you mean Like actually ugly, not just like ugly people. Yeah. Oh, like cosmetically challenged. Okay. Cosmetically challenged. I'm Just, But they, they get on stage and they do it the, like the deflecting and the singing and women lose they freaking mind.


Right, right, right, right, right, right. But you, you're not calling you ugly brother. Yeah, I was about to say, I'm like, hold on. That's the beauty of it because there's so many ugly art out There, guess. Nah, not at all. For sure. That's not my place to Say. Yeah. Nah, for real, for Real. Lauren, is he ugly? No. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Lauren, Can we get into a song of the album? What You want Hear? That would be amazing. You played Mutt this morning. What you wanna hear right now? Yo, Let's play y It is. That would be really cool. All well let's get into it right now. Yes it is. The album is out right now. Make sure you pick it up. And we appreciate you for joining Us, man. Yeah, thank you so much for having me, man. It's a big opportunity. Thank you so much. It's Leon Thomas. The album Mutt is Out now and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime It. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now the New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house right now. We're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on The really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor, what's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com And register to win $500. A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast, follow Us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.