
What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to Obscura Invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough.


Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listened to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes. See you waiting to get your ass kicked. Let's go. Let's go. Go CEO of Red Lobster. Okay, what else? Let's go, let's go Demoer. Okay, here come the punch. Adam Malkin. Hey, that was good. What? Did he get it? I was an eight outta 10, man. You almost got it. Almost got it. How Do you pronounce the last name? Adam. Kin. Adam, you were very close, man. That's, that's a good, that's a good effort. How are we doing? That's, can We get, can we give our brother a water? Please, please. You want another one? Regular water. He gave you a biscuit. Get a award.


Big Mac. You got a mouthful of Ched Cheese biscuit. You know, it's crazy. Ola, we interview a lot of people and people always ask, you know, who do you want to interview? And I never know the answer, but then I see certain people on the schedule and I'm like, damn, I would like to talk to this guy. And when I saw your name on the schedule, I was like, see you Red Lobster. Yeah. Yes, I'd like to talk to him. Yep. It's a pleasure. That's dope. You guys. You guys are doing amazing things. It's gonna be on. Thank you. Well, let's start from the beginning. Yeah. How did you get into food? Because you just weren't the CEO of Red Lobster. You were CEO Of PF Chang. So how did you get your start into this restaurant business? You're only 36. 36. Yeah. 30. I was gonna, you look young. Yeah. Look, I Emini here. Really? I started by waiting tables when I was young, when I was in high school.


And you're from I'm from, I'm Nigerian originally, but I went to high school in Maryland. Okay. So Nice, nice. I was, yeah, I was, you know, doing the, the waiter slash runner thing in, in high school, but in this current track, you know, I started working in finance when I was in college. So I started interning at Goldman Sachs, And I was 19, so 17 years ago. Wow. So I got my first internship at Goldman. I was at Brown playing football, And I worked at Goldman for four years, and then worked at a private equity firm called TPG, and then went to business school and then worked at a hedge fund here in New York. The reason I got in a restaurant is 'cause I did a restaurant deal. We bought PF Chang's in 2019. Who was we?


I worked for John Paulson, who's a famous billionaire investor in New York. His, his firm is called Paulson and Company. So I was working at a hedge fund, and we do a lot of things. The hedge fund's big, it's, you know, billions of dollars and we do a lot of different things. But one of the things that we did that I suggested was to buy PF Chang because it was up for sale. So I, I pitched it to the firm, they agreed, but it was, I led the deal. This is 2019 now, so it was up for sale. You know, I thought it was an interesting thing. Good brand, great, great history, great product. I thought we could do a lot of new things with it. We could add delivery, we could remodel the restaurants. We could, we could make it more interesting. Make it, make it more relevant. Cool. Right. And it was all going pretty well. And then Covid hit right in 2020.


Right. So my, my big restaurant deal, you know, we put hundreds of millions of dollars into it, and it went south during covid, like, like everything else did, all the restaurants were closed. So my, just curious, How much was PF Chang selling for back then? You know, we never released it, but there's an article that quotes something around 700 million. It's in the, in the ballpark. Okay. So they didn't make their money back clearly though. No, we didn't. But that's the thing. I had to go save it. So in, in Covid it looked, it looked like, it looked like we weren't gonna, it looked like a bad deal, and it was my deal. So, you know, that's, that's on me, right. So it wasn't looking good. We lost a CEO during Covid, And I had to go step in to sort of rescue the situation. Now, the year before that, I was Chief Strategy Officer, so I'd been there every week.


I was flying to Scottsdale where the company is headquartered. I was flying back to New York. So I was running the company kind of as Chief Strategy Officer, and then I was at the hedge fund. And then when Covid happened, we lost a CEO. They asked me to be CEO. So that's when I stepped in again, because it's my ideal. I'm responsible for the outcome. Right. So I went in there to try to salvage things and get us through Covid, which we did. And then, then we grew from there. We ended up, ended up being a really good deal, but not without a lot of, you know, blood, sweat, and tears for a few years and, and getting through it. So that was that, that, that ended up well. So you took the salt and pepper prawns off the menu? That was not Me. Oh, that wasn't you was making show. All Right, go ahead. Yeah, I was, I was gone by then. Okay. I got so many questions, man. Please. Number one, you know, you, you said Whatever you guys wanna talk about.


You got the, you said you, you started at 19 doing what you was, I, I got my first internship at Goldman Sachs. Who put an investment bank. Who puts those seeds in your mind at such a young age to say, this is what I want do At 19 years old? It's, it's a good, it's a good question. So, when I was even younger than that, when I was in high school, I played football And I was trying to go to a good school, but at the same time, I was trying to play football in college. I ended up playing at Brown. But before that, I won a speech contest. I had an English teacher that was like, join the speech and debate team. You talk too much, I think is what she was trying to say. But I joined the speech and debate team, And I won a couple things. I won the state championship for debate, then I won a speech contest, which paid me $10,000.


Right. It was a scholarship and it was the most money I'd ever had. At that point. I'm like, okay, we made it right. Like, And I decided I wanted to invest that money. That's where I started with investing. So I got a bunch of money when I was in high school. I decided I wanted to invest. What does that mean? Back then, everybody was doing real estate. It's like, oh 5, 0 6, everybody's trying to buy real estate. So I thought I could do that. It wasn't enough money. I learned quickly, but, but I could buy stocks. So I got into stocks first And I opened a portfolio And I just started, I read there's a, there's a website called the Motley Fool. I think it's still around, but that's what I used to read. I'd read anything about Buffet And I stock, you know, you can buy stocks with a hundred dollars, you can buy stocks with $10,000. You buy stocks with millions of dollars.


Right? It's just, you buy more of 'em. So I learned that and sort of trained myself and asked a bunch of questions of people who I knew that were doing that sort of thing. So when I got to Brown, I joined the investment club. That's, it's an Ivy League school. There's a bunch of people who, you know, their parents work in that world. They grew up around it. They know a lot. Right? So I learned a lot quickly, and then I applied for Goldman and, you know, you gotta pretend a little bit, right? So I studied, I didn't come from that world, but, but I studied And I showed up to these interviews And I got the internship. When You say pretend, what do you mean? Well, You don't, you know, You mean you lied about them? There's People, no, there's people that, that are born and raised to do this. Gotcha, Gotcha, gotcha. And they're taught at a young age. You know, I was teaching myself in high school and college.


When I say pretend, it's, it's, you study enough to be dangerous to come into an interview And I got you. And know what you're talking about. Know what you're Talking about. Yeah. Fake it till you make it. It's not faking it, it's teaching. It's, it's becoming the thing you need to be. Hmm. It's becoming the person you need to be. So, pretend is the wrong word. Yeah. But it's becoming, I would say Preparing. Preparing. Yeah. You need to, you need to, you need to recognize that you don't, who you are now isn't who you're gonna be ultimately. And you need to take steps towards your goals. That's what you know. And that's how you are both. So what you know is studying books, studying how to invest, studying stocks, how you are is like, working at Goldman Sachs is hard.


It's, you need discipline, you need work ethic, you need curiosity. You need to be able to communicate. You need be able to defend your ideas, negotiate like all these things. So there's skills that you have to develop in yourself, and there's knowledge you need to acquire both. And when you do those things, you can be dangerous. Right? You can show up to something and stand up and get it. Make it happen. So Was it your parents like a, a, a, a father figure, a mother figure? Like who pushed you in that direction? Like you just, because Even in high school, you talking about you invested the money, like Yeah, I was making, listen, it is oh six. Everybody was making money. All stocks were just going up. Back then I thought I was a genius, but it was just the market. Well, Yeah. What were you doing as a child? Like, that's what I'm trying to figure out. Like, like Emini Here. So I was born in Nigeria.


My dad's a doctor. Okay. He's a, he's a neurologist. My family, my family is all about academics. Got you. Gotcha. You gotcha. So the idea to b like to try to achieve has just been in my life since I was young. Absolutely. Gotcha. It's, you know, what are your grades? You got six ass and one B, what's up with that? B? Like, let's get that to an A. That's, that was kind of my childhood. And then we were immigrants to America. We moved when I was nine. And coming here for us Emini here, my parents did a lot to bring us here. It's, it's a very complicated, difficult process. And it took years, right? It took like five years for them to do that. So I don I You should be saying that at a time like this. Yeah, Well, you know, it's, it's, there's different ways to immigrate.


So this is a skill, this is a skill. Visa is what my dad used. And it's, it's a legitimate process. It just takes a long time. Yeah. There's a bunch of tests. There's a bunch of, they Don't care. You're a successful black man. You're too smart. They can get you outta here. So, so how did you get to Red Lobster? Red Lobster. So, you know, the PF Chang's deal went well and it, you know, it, it won me some, some plot. Its in the industry because it was, it was difficult, right? And, and it, we, we made it happen. And then after that, I connected with the, the folks who had lent money to Red Lobster before the company went bankrupt. So they were in line to own it coming outta bankruptcy. It's a good group called Fortress.


And so they asked me first to consult, to provide advice. Like, you know, you had just spent four years running a business that was in distress similar to this, you know, what do you think of this situation? So I was advising them at first, and then it turned into, they asked me to come run it. Basically. I presented a plan, they were like, we like your plan, please come execute it for us. Right? So, so I took over as CEO coming outta bankruptcy in September. And that's, that's what we've been doing. You Know, when I first heard that story, I was on the radio acting like I knew what I was talking about. Yeah. And I was just like, I know exactly what Red Lobster should be doing. Yeah. And I felt like Red Lobster should, you know, scale down from being a fine dining establishment and be more like Chipotle.


Like you could go in there and, you know, you can get your lobster and shrimp pasta right from the bar or whatever the items is just right there from the bar. Just make it like a smaller, more Chipotle like establishment as opposed to a fine dining restaurant. Hmm. Well The thing about Chipotle is they have a, well, so your point about being able to get food conveniently is an important one. There should be options, and there should be ways where you get things you need quickly. For example, our delivery business, that should feel fast, casual ish, where you put in an order, it comes quickly, et cetera. Our, the way the company's set up has a cost structure that you can run it. You can run it like Chipotle, for example, our restaurants, the nine, 10,000 square feet, Chipotles are 1500 square feet, maybe 2000 max.


So you have a real estate footprint that you couldn't run on Chipotle revenue per, per unit. Right. You have to, you have to do more. The food we serve, we serve lobster and crab. You can't sell that at Chipotle price points 'cause you pay too much for those products. So there's, there's structural differences in the businesses that would prevent that. But that said, some of the things Chipotle's good at you can be better at, right? Like delivery, digital, you know, speed of service. Those are things that people care about and definitely you can learn from. So, Hold on. Remember I started off by saying, acting like I knew what I was talking about. I knew, I Just say, I said acting like I knew what I was talking about. So how do you save Red Lobster now? Right. Well, so the thing is you have to lean into what made it successful in the first place, right?


Like, what do people love about Red Lobster? There's a reason. It is what it is. The biscuits. Biscuits for sure. The Biscuits. And I also think, yep, a lot of us from where we grew up, that was, you know, we went for graduation, we went for absolutely celebratory type of thing. Was the board like, It was the feeling, it felt like five star fine Nine go it like five star. There you go. Until you started make, so that's, that's it. But until all these other restaurants started popping up. Exactly. Now, you know, people look down on Red Lobster when it comes to celebratory. They'll go to, you know, a PF Chang's, they'll go to a towel, they'll go to a, an expensive steakhouse because they don't look at Red Lobster as that anymore. I'm Probably to include a PF Chang's. I think that's all. I wouldn't put, I wouldn't put PF Chang. No PF Chang Chang Put PF Chang in there.


But you know, that's good. But you know, so how do you change that way of thinking? So, or do you It used to be, it used to, Red Lobster was the first company to take these high-end seafood products across the country. It was the first place you could get lobster, get crab. For a lot of people, it's their first experience I went with to Red Lobster in Springfield, Illinois when I used to live there when I was in, you know, nine or 10. And I remember that, right? So I think people, a lot of people have these memories after church on Sundays, you know, important dinners, graduation, et cetera. The, it's now you can get these products in different places, but we're still the only company at scale that serves lobster and crab. And by the way, it's not, lobster and crab are wild caught products. You can't farm raise them.


So they catch 'em on boats. We buy 25% of the lobster that's, that's caught on boats in North America. We buy a quarter of it. Wow. We buy a quarter of the crab that's caught by virtue of our size and scale. We can get the best product, which we do. So the lobster you get at Red Lobster is as good as lobster. You'll get anywhere. But people don't know that. No, not at all. And so there's a communication aspect to it that need to let people know, this is the best, this is the best product you can get for lobster, for crab. That's number one. Number two, you need to give people a reason. You know, you mentioned Chipotle. If we're not gonna be price to Chipotle, then we need to offer something. And that Chipotle doesn't offer. And what that is is called service and hospitality. Like, you need to come in, you need to feel like you're welcome. You need to feel like you're a guest. You need to be taken care of.


You need to get a, a connection with your server. So it's food and it's service is where we win and Ambiance. Because a lot of these restaurants just don't look good. But that's another Thing that is, that is Lobster feels like McDonald's at times. When you walk in, like it's outdated. The Floors look, look very cold. The place looks cold, just to use the right word. Outdated. I did a red, I did a remodel project at PI totally agree. I did a remodel project at PF Chang's where we remodeled 80% of the restaurants. Right. And if you go to a now it's red gold, black, like looks cool. Yeah. So that's what we, you know, we did that. And so this needs something similar. And we're working on that. That takes a bit of time. You have to design it, you have to scope it, you have to test it, you have to prove the results. Then you have to raise the money, then you have to go.


So that takes time. What you can do now is improve service. We, we launched something we're calling Red Carpet Hospitality. And we launched that a couple weeks ago. And if you go and ask a server in Red Lobster about it, they'll tell you about it. Red stands for recognize, engage, and delight. When people walk in, you need to recognize them. Smile as soon as they walk in, there should be somebody smiling at the hose stand to greet them. You see somebody, you within 10 feet of them, you recognize 'em within four feet. You speak to them. We call it a ten four rule. You make sure that, you know when people need to go to the bathroom, you walk them there, you don't point to the bathroom. You, you, you escort them. You make sure that you're connecting with them, you're talking with them, you're asking questions. So we're, we're training these behavioral patterns because that's something you can do today.


Right? And then trying to highlight the quality of the food and introduce some new things like the lobster rolls that are fun, that are interesting. So food and service. And then the third point for sure is am ambiance. We fix the things we can fix quickly. Like the music is better. If you go to a Red Lobster now, you'll notice the music is better. And you'll notice there's small things. Like we put the market prices on the lobster, we put the liners on the table. There's, there's small things you can do now, but comprehensively there needs to be a remodel. Right? And that's, that's something that we'll do in the future. I, I think that y'all have got a great foundation because the, the biggest thing is that nobody's ever said the food was whack. Even to this day. You bought some ch cheese biscuits and everybody went crazy. You know what I'm saying? You think about episodes of the Boondocks when Riley was going crazy over Jesse Biscuit.


Exactly. Lobster and shrimp pasta's always been my favorite dish. Hundred percent. I would fuck that up right now, like right now. Next time I'll bring it for you. Emini here. But you, but you know what, like you said, You're right. Hundred percent. The one thing, the run, the one reason I stopped going to Red Lobster is because I always felt like Red Lobster's food wasn't as good as a lot of these other places. But now that you're telling me that they're all got from the same place, I, I just myself felt like it was, maybe it's a process type of thing. And I, if I go to this restaurant, maybe there quality, better prepared. I never felt like y'all Food was work. No, the food, the food is great. And especially again, lobster and crab. 'cause again, we buy, we buy most of it. We buy more than every country except a couple, you know, Japan with all their sushi, buy buys a lot of lobster and crab. And I think China's the only other one that buys more than we do. So just because of that, we get the best product.


We have scale, we can demand things, we can insist on standards, which we do. So product wise, it's, it's there, but there's a communication that needs to happen. That's right. And I'll tell you something, like going through what the company went through, you know, the bankruptcy was damaging in a lot of ways. But one of the things that it raises the question like is do they, do they mess with the product? And the answer is no. Right? Because that's one thing you can't, you can't mess with. And coming out of it, I just want to get people thinking about Red Lobster, how they used to, which is like a fun time, a great meal, great service, great hospitality. And now we need to deliver on that. If I say great hospitality and people go and don't have a good experience and then, you know, then it makes me a liar. But we're seeing the results.


So before we launched it, we, we track what we call a sentiment score, which is net positive versus negative sentiment. Right? Like, what are people saying that it's good versus what are people saying that's, that's bad. It was 30 when I took over this last month, it was 60. So it doubled, right? And that's after we launched these programs. We got people. 'cause they want, people want to have a good experience at work. These waiters and waitresses. It's better for them if they can enjoy themselves and talk to a guest. And they've given license to do that. So we basically like, let them, let them free on that and gave them some direction, some coaching, some training. And you see the result. So yeah, when you go to Red Lobster next you'll see it's, it's gonna feel different. The people are gonna take care of you different. There's other things we need to do that'll take time. I agree with you on the remodels, but we're starting, you know, where, where we can Now what about franchise Now I'm sorry, go ahead.


Go ahead. There was a list that women had put together, right? Of places that they don't wanna be taking on the first date. Mm. Red Lobster was number 11. 11. Jesus. Yes. It was number 11. So did you see that list? No, I didn't see that. You looking like you ain't see it. I'm gonna show you right after we finish. But what did, do you, would you say that Red Lobster is a valid place for a first date? Emini here Lobster on a first date. Can you beat that Emini Here? Lobster on a first date, you wanna share some main lobster twin lobster tails. Rock Lobster, main Lobster. Okay. Emini here. All right. All right. You tell me. But also on that list, it was PF Chang's and Cheesecake Factory And I think everything Was on that list. I think it's, it's there's, these are chain restaurants and there's something about like chain versus independent.


Now if you make the chain experience feel like an independent, like each restaurant's its own and they have like a culture and personality, then it's, it doesn't feel like a chain restaurant. Yeah. And there's restaurants that do that really well and we're, you know, we're working to become that. But look, if you go on a date and have some Cherry Bay biscuits, some lobster tails, some bear eye crab, like people are gonna have a great time. I was, I wanted to know about franchise. And I know most of the, the, the stores are company owned, but you do, do, do they still allow certain people to own franchising or not at all anymore? So All the company, all the stores in the US are company owned. There's still some franchise internationally, but it's a smaller group. It's about 30 units abroad.


Why is that good or bad? Is it good if, if some somebody that owns it in that area or do you think it's better because it's company owned? Everything is corporately, everything is stamped, everything is the same way. Well, It's trade offs, right? And so I'll just speak broadly about the franchising model versus the corporate owned and operated model. When you own and operate your restaurants, the benefit is you get to control them more closely. So what I just talked about, red carpet hospitality, I rolled it out in our restaurants with my COO and my team and we went, we presented to the people who manage the, the rest, the level above the restaurants, the people who they report to, the people at the restaurants. We can, we rolled it out quickly. We can do that. Get everybody in a call. This is what we're doing. If it's a franchise business, I need to convince a bunch of franchisees A, to agree that it's a good idea.


Got you. B, to want to fund it. This case there's no funding required, but it might need money and they have put up the cash, right. Whereas, you know, if it's, if we run it, we can just make that decision. So it's easier to do things. When you control the business, it's easier to improve and control quality. 'cause you'll have some franchisees that do great, some franchisees that don't. Right? Some franchisees that have great hospitality, some that don't. Right? So it's easier to manage. Now the benefit of a franchise model is you have partners that are running smaller businesses. So we have 545 restaurants. If you had 10 franchises, it'd feel like, you know, 10 50 restaurant chains, right? Which is easier to manage on some level. So there, there's trade offs. What you'll see is a lot of fast casual, we'll do franchise models 'cause they're easier to run.


Like it's easy to make a pizza. So it's easy to franchise pizza restaurants, right? You put in an oven for X many minutes and so they can do that and control the quality. 'cause it's just not that hard. When it gets complicated, you have to be careful. Not that you can't do it, but you just have to be careful and make sure that the people that you're franchising to are, can run it and will kind of follow the, the direction. Gotcha. Yeah. I I, I got a million, I got more questions. Just you, you Run a, you run a franchise Crystal, you franchise a few restaurants. Yeah. Crystal Crystals in South Carolina. Me and my wife bought five of 'em. Good. But I got so many questions for you, but then I'm just sitting here thinking about, you know, Red Lobster. How do you keep people feeling the nostalgia of Red Lobster? Because as I'm sitting here and I'm listening to you talk, I'm just thinking about all the different memories I've had in Red Lobster.


So how do you keep the, this nostalgia of that but then still move people forward? That's, that's why I love the brand. That's part of why. So when we bought PF Chang, I used to tell people, like, you ask anybody about PF Changs, they'll be like, oh, I love PF Changs. I used to go to all, I haven't been in a while. And same with Red Lobster, even to a higher degree, I think especially in our community, a lot of people have these amazing Red Lobster all day amazing memories. Yeah. And so that's a good starting point. So if one is to redeliver on the promise of the initial brand, right? Which is great food, great service at an affordable price. And so we need to deliver that number one, which is red carpet, hospitality, the food menu stuff. Like we're working on all that.


And then it's inviting people back, right? So that's a marketing challenge. Like talking about it ex letting people know that it's different, it's got new leadership, we're doing new things and we're trying to get the word out on that. And then, and then it builds a, it, it it, people come in with good memories trying to see what it is. And if they have a great experience, then you snap back into it. People basically have like, they'll have like 3, 4, 5 restaurants in their minds that they go to. It's dinner, Thursday night dinner, Friday night, they've got like a list in your head. Everybody does. Do I go this one or this one or that one? So what you're trying to do is get on that list and you do that by getting people to try you and then delivering. And then you get on, you do that enough times, then you're on the list, then you become a place they think about and you can increase frequency,


right? Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else, something much more ominous that it appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, we Used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure Em. Invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The more better the merrier title of your podcast. All your old Brooklyn nine, nine Friends are appearing on your favorite podcast. More better


Don't miss Brooklyn Nine, nine Stars and show hosts Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro as they welcome their friends and former castmates. Back to laugh about old times and swap some stories this week. It's Gina ti herself, the talented Chelsea Pertti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah. And I was like, can I also hug them? Then next week, the nine nine Nonsense continues as the More Better Amigos. Sit down with Joe La Trulio, AKA Detective Charles Foil. There'll be more, laughs more conversation, more stories from the set and more, more better. Don't miss a minute.


You Felt safe enough to fill out a bad idea, right? Yeah. Emini here. That is the key because you're definitely not throwing out good ideas all the time. Emini here. That's just not how it works. Listen to More Better with Stephanie and Melissa on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled in the future. We will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jay Shetty. My latest episode is with financial expert Scott Galloway. If you are doing a lot of side hustles, it's very, very difficult to be great at your main hustle. The only way you're gonna build real wealth and economic security is to go all in on one thing that is greatness focus. None of this matters. None of it means a thing if you can't have deep and meaningful relationships. Scott is a professor of marketing at NYU Stern School of Business. He's a bestselling author. He Has earned a massive following through his lectures, podcasts, and YouTube channel Scott Galloway, How do we rewire our relationship with money? Because most of us have a stressful relationship with money. If you want to be good at money, put down the facade and start talking to people about their investments, how much money they make, what they do with their money, how they save money. What I tell young people is you can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So that's it. It's, it's, it's simple, but it's complicated. It's simple what needs to happen, but it's a, it's a big organization and it's a lot of, it's a lot of work, right? But, but the team's, team's motivated and we're getting it done. How do you eradicate the stigma of chain restaurants? Because I think that's another thing too, right? People think chain restaurants just aren't healthy for some reason, even when I invested in Crystal, I liked the fact that they had a vegan option on the menu and stuff like that. Yeah. But I also wouldn't try to push anything that I know I wouldn't eat. Right? Yeah. So, so I I would eat Crystal, I would eat Red Lobster. Yeah. Like how do you get people to eradicate the stigma of just chain restaurants not being healthy, I guess. Yeah, Emini here, some chain restaurants are unhealthy based on the products they use. I think it's, it's about focusing on the food. Like there's a lot of chain restaurants.


There's only one that serves lobster and crab the way we do. So we are a chain restaurant that, that is what it is. But the, but the product is unique and so it's focusing a bit more on the product. Where are you gonna get crap? What chain restaurant are you gonna get? Bear Eye Crab, what chain restaurant are you gonna get? Some of our like, you know, we've got this lobster Papa Dell that just came out that, that nobody has that. What the hell is that? That sounds me Lobster. Papa De is amazing. It came out in November, right? So we're doing some new things on the menu using lobster and crab mostly. So it's f it's, it becomes a, the differentiator for us is product And I want it to be service too. Hospitality. And once you, if we win on those two, then it's like, okay, it's not just a chain restaurant. 'cause it's got something that you can't get anywhere else and it's got a feeling that you can't find anywhere else.


And I feel like family when I get there And I wanna come back, like, these are the things you can separate yourself on. And Also over to some of y'all had some, like y'all were working with Casamigos, like running some promotions where y'all had like, that's good too. Emini here. 'cause that, that's like the drink right now. So y'all got some Snoop Dogg we're talking to him about his, his new Ginger drink, right? And so yeah, there's opportunities for co-branding. We've got Blake Griffin right now in our ads. He's Dunking Lobster into butter. If anybody's curious, you can, you can look that up. But, but yeah, partnerships are key, right? Y'all Got bars? They Red Lobster, huh? We got bars. I didn't know that. Yeah, yeah. Didn't know they got ca Got bars, got the Exactly. Got Casamigos and, and yeah. Getting the right partnerships, right?


Like people who, 'cause you wanna be more relevant. You, But like he just said, like, I didn't even know there was a bar at Red Lobster. Oh yeah. Because that's not what people think about when they go watch the game, right? They don't think about going to Red Lobster and those are some of the things that have to change. Oh It was because when we were young, like when we were going to Red Lobster, we were young, we weren't drinking. So we didn't think, we didn't even think Go Football, but We still don't think about that now. You know, they Were running the ads though. It was commercials they had like that's how, that's how you seen the thing about the Casamigos. I see S that I'm sorry. Where'd you advertise at? What? I didn't, I never saw the Casamigos Red Lobster commercial. Did you watch tv? Be honest, I'm Serious because to that point, I seen the new partnership with Popeye's and Don Julio, but I never remember seeing the Casamigos Red, Red Lobster.


But She only, to be honest, you seen that because the girls online, because the, the videos are going viral with them, like acting like it's a section. Yeah, true. We can't, that's if we trying to get back to Five Star feeling Red Lobster, we can't have no sections, no body girls coming out talking about that. Strange. But there's things you can do, right. We launched a happy hour, right. And like a happy hour is a simple thing. It's just, you know, same drinks or different drinks but discounted at a certain time. Come three to six, get drinks for five bucks is what we're doing. Yeah. So you get your beer, wine cocktail, five bucks discount on the appetizers. So now we need to message that more to, you know, to the point. Like people need to know that. But, but we launched that and you know, since I got here, we've been doing a lot. Right? So that came out in November too.


So we want to be a place where you can come hang out at the bar, have a drink, have fun, have a full dinner. It's like, you know, it's fancy food, but it's an approachable feeling. Right? You don't need to wear a suit, you know, to come to, to come to dinner. Right. Right. Come, it's, it's, it's, you know, we serve all people. Did Y'all stop the endless shrimp promotion? Yeah. That's done. So no more endless shrimp. Jesus. I dare you. You gotta messed up now, By the way, that was a dumb, it wasn't a dumb promotion, but don't promise people endless shrimp. 'cause y'all never give endless shrimp. It was a Challenge. Exactly. I know people who've tried, And I don't know if you met Matt when they do put a cap on it. He's tried. I've been in restaurants, but they put a cap on the endless shrimp Emini Here.


Let's look at the way it was done. Didn't work. I'm not saying it'll never be done, but it'll be done in a way that's, that's more sensible. What's sensible? Because you, I'm gonna tell you what people will do, going in there with four people. One person order endless shrimp and they just keep bringing mad shrimp for the table. That's, that's insensible. No, I agree. I Emini. Here it is. So look, Emini here, these promotions, people do promotions like this. Olive Garden does a, in this endless possible promotion. Like people do these things, lies, All of this endless stuff is a lie. They will put a cap on your fat ass point, but pasta different because it fills you up so fast. You could just Keep and it and it's cheap. Yeah. Yeah. And it's cheap. So they can do that. So they, you just need to, the math need to make needs to make sense.


Is it Endless cheddar biscuits still? We'll, we'll if you want more biscuits, we will give you more biscuits. We bring out six to the table. Biscuits. Biscuits, biscuits We can give you. Because when you eat 'em and drink that water, it's gonna fill your stomach up right up. That's right. Well, so this biscuits are amazing, right? And people love them and it's an easy thing for us to do. So, you know, that's an example of being hospitable. Right? You know, not every table's gonna get endless biscuits, but if you were asked your server, could I have more biscuits? They're not gonna say no. Are You allowed to tell us the truth about the endless shrimp? Tell us the truth. It never, it never was endless. It was endless. Put them about business. Endless. Then why did it then, why did it come to an end? Look, let me say this, I can't get too much into it, but I'll say this. The previous owner of the business was the shrimp supplier to the business.


Mm. He's double dipping shrimp cut off. So the math is different. Gotcha. If you're strictly thinking about the business versus also thinking about the supply chain, the shrimp supplier, then it's different math. Mm. Right? So I'm thinking just about the business right now. Right? The supplier's no longer involved. Right. It often seems like they want to put black people in these CEO positions when the company is like, messed up. Right? So why did you want this job? Especially at the time Red Lobster was going through bankruptcy. So I did the work before. Look, I'm an ambitious person and I'm, And I'm young for the position. I had a lot of success at Chang's.


And even that when I took over was not looking good. So for me it's, I think the brand is worth saving. I think it can be saved. There's a lot of things that need to be done. But I've got the energy and I've got, you know, I'm dedicating the time. We hired a great team. So for me it's, it's, look, there's, it's a great iconic brand. There's 30,000 people that work for the company. If we can save it, that's a good thing for the country. It's a good thing for the people that work there. It's a good thing for the people that have history going there. Right? So it's, it's, it's, it's not gonna, it's not easy, but it's it doable and why not? Why not try to try to see if we can get this done? How Do you know when, when the back wouldn't step out?


'cause you know, you was with PF Chang for four years. Well first of all, why did you step down with PF? Was same question. Yeah. Why'd you leave PF Chang's? Well, we more or less achieved the objectives that we set out to achieve initially. And, you know, I I was, I had a, I was also involved on the, on the finance side, right. I was working at a hedge fund. So I went back to the private equity side to look at the opportunity to do something similar. 'cause we learned, we learned a lot doing that. And we felt like we could, we could do that again, right? With a different brand. And then the Fortress Group reached out and, and we went, we, we worked with them on Red Lobster. But PF Chang's is a great business. This is about twice the size of PF Chang's in terms of sales and maybe three exercise in terms of footprint.


So it's a bigger challenge. It's a bigger opportunity. You know, a lot of life is calculated risk. Right. And it's, you know, it's hard to really build something without taking some chances along the way. Right. There's no guarantee that you're gonna, there's no guarantee when I took over the PF Chang's role that I'd be successful. But if I was, you know, it'd be great for a lot of people. And we were, same thing here. If we're successful here, this is, you know, this is an iconic brand that we brought back from bankruptcy and hopefully turn into a thriving company for decades to come. Right. So that, that to me is worth, it's worth, it's worth going for. So Why did you start down with V jx? Just because we were just basically done.


We wanted, we were ready to, you know, next. So once you turned them around, once the owners decide that it's time to do something, you know, they, we turned it around and eventually, you know, without commenting on their situation, but they're gonna do different things from an ownership perspective, right? So it's, so it's like bar, it's back behind the scenes convos. Right. But nothing to do with the business. So is that just the mind state of being, you know, who you are. Like, you know, they, they'll hire you, put you in these positions, you'll turn 'em around and you'll move on to the next Thing. No, no, no. Emini here. It depends on the situation. If it's, if it's a group, for example, fortress is willing to invest and do the work to turn this business around. And if that's the case, then I can be successful. But you need that alignment, ownership, and operator.


When ownership takes a different perspective, for example, we want to manage cost, let's say, or we want to, you know, cut certain things or we want to stop investing in certain things. If I disagree with that And I go execute it, then I'm responsible for the result. So on some level, you just need to agree with what ownership wants to do and ownership owns the business. If you disagree, it's either gotta leave, right? Not the people that own the business. So to the extent that, you know, look, every CEO is either going to resign or get fired one day. That's how CEO jobs end. You don't get promoted, you know, from that. Yeah. So for me it's, as long as things are aligned, it makes sense. But you don't, I don't want you, it's not wise to be in a situation where you don't, don't agree with the plan and you're responsible for implementing the plan.


'cause if, if you think something's not gonna work and you do it and it doesn't work like you thought it was Mm. Like you, like you, you predicted and it's, you're still gonna get blamed. Yeah. So do you change, Do you change the target audience for Red Lobster? I'm just thinking about it now. Right. And anytime you usually see a Red Lobster, it is in neighborhoods, right? It's, it's in Queens, it's in, in areas where it is usually middle class or, or poorer. But when I look at PF Chang's, it's a little different. It's a lot different actually. Do you change your, your, your audience or, or is that the case? Because especially with The World now, a lot of people are not making the money as they were before. And they're struggling. So, which means in those areas, they're gonna be struggling to come to Red Lobster. You mean the demographics of where the restaurants are? Absolutely. So it's tricky to move your restaurant footprint because you have long leases and you're so the footprint kind of is what it is.


Some come up for renewal every year, et cetera. Yep. But for the most part, what we can do is, so value is an inter, so value is an equation. Part of it is price. And you can get some things on the menu that are lower price. For example, the lobster rolls are great if you want lobster and you want it for 20 bucks. We've got the lobster roll in certain markets for that price. At the same time, value is what you get for the price, right? So if you improve what you get, then you improve value. So if hospitality is way better and the food is more interesting and the drinks are fun and you pay the same price, but all of that is better, people will perceive that as better value. Hmm. So value is important, but we approach it from both ends. Improve the product and then give people entry level things that you can get for 20 bucks, 15 bucks.


You know, we have shrimp your way for, you know, 16.99 for two types of shrimp. There's things you can do that are approachable if you don't wanna do the full lobster for it for a higher price. Right. So I'm looking at the Lobster Fest menu right now. I ain't gonna lie, I might go to Red Lobster this weekend. I'm not even gonna, I might take, send me photos. I'm like, I never took my kids to Red Lobster. Never. Never. And I'm like, yo, may like me and the white, let's take the kids to Red Lobster just to see what they, what they feel. Set it up for You. No, I'm not gonna tell you where I'm going, but I'm gonna tell you I know exactly which one I'm going to too. I know which one you going too. You know which one I'm going to? Yes. Okay. Yeah. You know, which you going to Only one. Yep. Okay. It's only one, but that one look a little beat up though.


It look a lot beat up. It a lot Beat. But I'm gonna tell you something. That's Why I was just asking that question. They, they Don't look, I pass it every morning and in my mind it, you know, you just thinking nostalgia. I'm like, damn, yo. Back in the day when I was young, that'd have been perfect. The hotel right there, the Red Lobster right there. You can go right. The Red Lobster to the hotel. It's still perfect, my man. It's still perfect. That's a motel ain't It's a motel Motel. But think about when you was 17, 18. That'd have been perfect, right? Well, think about when Beyonce said it in the song. Wasn't That dude? Ooh yes. When He me Gun And I take his ass. You Red Lobster. What, what did that do for The sakes and why didn't y'all capitalize on that? Yeah, I wasn't here. Oh. Said that was before me. I didn't, that was before my time. It's not too late though. Right, right. Because it's not too late for that.


Even when Riley mentioned it on the boondocks, you Know, the Kelsey Brothers did something with us. So Yeah. Emini here, part of, part of the game is to, is to take advantage of cultural moments. Right? Like when something happens in the culture, like you wanna be on it. So that, that's something that we weren't very good at in the past and we need to get better at. For sure. Did you even talk to 'em about that? Like, did anybody reach out to Beyonce to say, Hey, well, I, I don't know. I can't speak to that. Yeah. You know, I wasn't here, but, but for example, flavor Flav we did right? Flavor Flav reached out and he wanted to save the, you know, wanted to save Red Lobster. They did. You know, we did a promotion with them. So there's, it's, it's important for sure. And yeah, Emini here, look now Kelsey Brothers reach out. We respond the same day. Right? Like, so we're, we're engaging and it's important man. I'm, I'm so impressed by you.


'cause Emini here, number one, you're young, you're 36, you're from Nigeria. I'm just wondering, like, what are the challenges, you know, being so young as a CEO, do people take you as serious as they should in the business that you're in? Yeah, I think so. Emini here. Look, I think, you know, the, the, the best thing you can do to accrue the respect you, you want is to just be a person worthy of respect. Right? Like, if you behave, if you behave the right, if you develop yourself a certain way and you behave the right way and you're a serious person, and that's obvious, people will, they will respect you. It's, it's natural. People know, right? If, if they meet you and they don't feel subconsciously, like you're a person deserving of respect, they won't give it to you. Especially if you're young, but in black, yeah, sure.


But you can overcome all that. But just by being a person that's clearly worthy of respect and then, you know, that goes out the window. Like I don't, I don't have issues. If I sit down with somebody for 30 minutes, they don't leave feeling like, you know, he's not serious or he doesn't know what he's talking about, or he is not intelligent or he can't communicate at the end of it, they under, you know, they're fine. So yeah, maybe before, but you know, you talk to somebody, they, you know, they they know they, they people know. They understand. Right. And so they don't What Was that ask about me man, I'm like, ask about me. Well, it's just, it's just, it's just, I wasn't, you know, you're not born as a finished product. It's all about development. That's right. So if you, if you work, you know, like I said, I said they made me join the speech and debate team in high school. You're That guy. You've been that guy. I can speak really well now, but that's been a work in process.


Right. You know, I played football growing up through high school, college. Yeah. It made, it makes you strong physically. We know what it does. It makes you strong mentally disciplined. You gotta wake up 6:00 AM every day. You gotta go train. You got, so you learn things, right. And that becomes part of your character. You know, the emotional discipline that's important too. And you learn that. So if you spend your life building these skills, you will become a person that has these skills and that is what people respect. H how has the weaponization of DEI impacted you, if at all? Do people say, oh, he's a DEI hire. No, I've just been so successful throughout my life. I don't get that right. Emini here, you could take you know, for me it goes back to early, early. I, I, I aim to excel at everything I do.


And there's very little evidence of me not excelling at anything that I've tried to do. O shit from, from football to Brown, to Goldman, to TG to Harvard to Paul sin. Like there's, there's no real LS on the, on, on, on. Not saying I won't fail at anything And I have failed at plenty. Let's Go talk to them coaches. Well, As good as he thought he was a revision history On my 40 yard dash, there's a record out there somewhere. That's right. That's right. That's funny. Somebody at Brown, like, I used to bust his ass What he talking about? Yeah, that's, that's a fair point. But you know, and I'm not saying that to Brad, but I'm just saying, you, you can build a, a habit of excellence and that that's how, that's how you'll be viewed.


Right. And so at any, And I think anybody can achieve, you just have to build these habits. Yeah. Right. So it's really more motivation to people who are listening. Well, coming from Nigeria, you know, you said your dad was a neurologist. I, I read your mom was a pharmacist. Yeah. Were they upset? You didn't stay in like the, the, that, that field in some way, shape or form. Like My, my parents were always just like, whatever you do, just be the best at it. That's, that was, that's all they ever cared about. When, when I, when we got to America, we went to, we lived in Springfield, Illinois, And I remember we went to go get a haircut and the barber, the barber's name was fresh, the barber and Fresh was driving an S class. Ben, even though it was a barber Nigeria, that's unheard of. Right. A barber driving a Bens. But my dad's point when we saw that was, in America, if you're the best at whatever you do, whatever it is, you can do really well.


If you can have a nice life, you can build something for yourself. So they were just like, what? Choose whatever you want, but aim to be the best at it. Right. Which I think is good advice. Yeah. Because people have different interests. Not everybody's gonna be care about finance. Not everybody's good enough at math to do that. But you might be good at something else. You know, you might start a podcast, maybe you're very good at interviewing people, you're very good speaker. You might find some other interests, music or whatever. Right. But whatever you do, if you, if you, if you build a mentality that I'm, I'm, my goal is to be the best at it, then you're gonna do All right. I like this too, man. 'cause it, it's clear you understand culture. 'cause I can't think of, I'm trying to think who's, have any CEOs of any restaurants come here? I'm really trying to think. Besides, besides Carbon, no.


Oh, carbon comes in. Yeah, carbon comes. I don't wanna say no because we've been doing it for 14 years, but this is the, the first that I can remember and I'm Why is this important to do? Why is it important to do, you know, media, You gotta get the word out. You know, people, people need to, people don't, I, I live this every day, so I know everything we're doing, but most people don't. So somebody's gotta tell 'em, Is that difficult? Who Better than me? Do they listen to you? Is that difficult? Do they Listen to you? Yeah, I get, I get people, listen, when I, when I, if I do like a CNN or you know, I did a CNN interview, I did a Today Show interview or I did a Wall Street Journal interview and those get a lot of views. I think people are curious, right? Like, what's, what's going on with this guy? Right? 36-year-old CEO like, you know, black guy, what's, what's up? And so they want to, there's a curiosity there, but that, that's fine because that creates attention for the business, which is what I, what I mostly care about.


Right. So, and then, oh my bad. No, please. And then what's, what's, what's good about it is you get to hear what people want. Yeah. Like, you know, you, like we are talking to you about what our and you guys Were Represent the culture, right? Yeah. 'cause you guys speak, you guys speak for the culture in a way that not a lot of people do. Yeah. You talk to viewers all the time, you hear what people are listening to. You see what people are engaging with, what parts of the segment, so you guys know. Right. And so yeah, for sure. It's helpful for me to hear and, and it's helpful to have a platform to speak and talk about some of the things that, that we're working on. I do feel like there is room for like, just smaller locations. Like if I'm sitting here at the radio station And I wanna go to lunch, but I don't wanna sit somewhere. Like I just, I just wanna run in. Yeah. Ravel lobster and shrimp ball real quick. I feel like there's room for that.


'cause you got food trucks that got these lobster rolls and everything else. Yeah, for sure. If I started the company today, they wouldn't be as big as they are. You know, if I could stab my finger and shrink all of them, you probably would. They were built for a different time. Now a lot of the businesses off premise, it's a lot of grab and growth. So my point is that we're kind of stuck with the footprint, right? It's not, are You reach out as another, as an African out here right now who's trying to shrink everything. His name is Elon Musk, I'm sure Doge, I'm, I'm sure there's a Doge way of doing Red Life Real estate is, is not impossible to change, but it's harder to change and it's expensive to change. If you wanna get out of a lease, you need to pay the landlord how many years you got left, how many, how many dollars per year times that by 30%.


That's probably what you owe them. And then you gotta build a new restaurant, you know, that's, that's a few million dollars per per unit. So it's, it's, it's, it's a thing that you would do. You just need to, you have limited capital, you gotta make decisions. What's what comes first, right. But for sure if, if, if, if you were starting this company all over, you wouldn't have as big. And that was true for PF Chang's too. You know, PF Chang's was eight, 9,000 square feet. The new ones we built were four or 5,000 square feet. And you'd probably do the same thing here. And these are bigger, you know, these are closer to 10,000. So it's a, it's a good valid point. Just a harder thing to fix quickly. Mm. Before you get outta here, because you already gave the CEO EO look back to your people to wrap it up.


What's your, what's your involvement with HBCU? What's Red Lobster doing with HBCU? Yeah, Look, so Emini here before that, Darden, the founder of Red Lobster, bill Darden, who Darden Company's named after, that's Olive Garden, Texas, Longhorn, et cetera. So he is an important restaurateur in American history. The first restaurant that he opened was Red Lobster. And that from the very beginning had a really good relationship with the Black American community. This is in 68, so at the very end of the civil rights movement. But from the very beginning, black people were welcome to eat there, welcome to work there. And that was a stance that he took from the very beginning. So it's always had a good relationship with Black America from the start. You know, you mentioned Beyonce mentioned flavor, flavor.


It's always had a, a position in culture. I'm just acknowledging it and speaking to it and, and doing more for that to try to build that. So HBCUs, we did Band of the Year, right? Where we went to watch the bands perform Van Move won, miles won for the junior division and we gave the awards out, we sponsored it Red Lobster and you know, millions of dollars went to scholarships and and things like that. So we're gonna do more. You know, that's a start. But it's a, it's an important community. It's one that has been connected to the brand for a long time and it's a good place to, to spend time and spend money on our behalf. Alright, well we appreciate you for joining us and bringing us some biscuits. Yeah, enjoy. Thank You so much.


And whatever we can do to help, man, Emini here. I wanna see you succeed. Good. I appreciate that. If people like you succeed, then that just means more success for the rest of us. I appreciate that. Yeah. Visit your local at Red Lobster and you guys send feedback and we, we, we will keep, we'll keep improving. I going this Well, there you have it. It's the Ola Adam Loken. Yes. You nailed it. All right. There we go. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. What would you do if Mysterious Drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home.


I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have You brought Us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really, last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.