
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. All right guys, taking a break too. Put you on to a new series on Netflix. Inspired by Judy Bloom's. Groundbreaking 1975 novel forever. Watch the Reimagine coming up age series about young love by Mara Brock Akil, the iconic creator of girlfriends. This epic love story follows two black teens, Keisha and Justin, as they explore romance and their identities through the awkward journey of being each other's first. First loves. First arguments, first heartbreak, everything. Make sure you watch for now playing on Netflix.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Hi y'all. It's your girl TS Madison coming to you loud live and in color from the Outlaws podcast. We're talking to Chaperone and Sasha Colby. We talk about the lovers, the haters on the creator in the Midwest. They told you would just be humbled. Mine was, I think wrapped Up in like Christian Girls. Oh, oh yeah. We definitely had like some Jehovah's Witness guilt there. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, were you Jehovah's Witness? Yeah, my family still is. Hey or no? Hi, Listen to Outlaws with TS Madison on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Honey.


Yo Kpop fans, are you ready? It's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories. Plus you, the fans, you're part of the show and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, is a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Dega. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. The champ is here. Hey. Yes indeed. Clarissa Shield. Welcome. What's up Girl? How you feeling? I feel good. I'm happy to be here. How you feeling? You gotta fight July 26th. Yes. Little Caesars Arena Detroit against the Lany Daniels. Yeah. Always excited to fight a girl, man. Always excited. Mm. Defend some more World championship. She got two belts. Okay. She from New Zealand, she supposed to be tough, so I look forward to fighting her. How do y'all pick the fights? Like who, who, who helps you decide who your next opponent gonna be? We just go whoever the best is.


Okay. And then if the best turns down, we go to second best. And then if second best, we go third best. This fight we win for Hannah. Gabriels the girl that dropped me in Detroit a couple years back. I wanted to to rematch her and she turned us down. So Do a lot of people turn you down? Like is it hard for you to fight an opponent? Yeah. Well, you know, I'm, I'm champ at five different weight classes. So when I was at 1 54 and one 60 and 1 68 And I'm at 1 75. And when I was at 1 54, these girls who are fighting at 1 54 now wouldn't, wouldn't fight me. You know, I, I literally had to go up. It was like, okay. I challenged the girls who was at 1 47, but they didn't wanna fight. I initially went down 'cause I wanted to fight against the 1 47 champion Cecilia Brock at the time.


And she told me that I was too fat to get down to 54. So when I got to 54 and beat up by the girls at 54, I said, now it's your time. And she said, I'm not, she said she wasn't fighting me. So I was like, well damn, that was a waste of a waste of time coming down to 1 54. 'cause I barely made that weight. Mm. It's clear. Are you scared to lose? What You mean? Am I scared to lose a fight? Yeah, you lose a fight. You girls can't beat me. What I got, what I gotta be scared of? Girls can't Beat me. Shout, come on now. Absolutely. Come on Now. I Know Emini here. I know, but I just know a lot of fighters be wanting that perfect record and when they, if they do lose, they don't bounce back the same sometimes. Well I don I don't know them about them, but I know me, I think I train too hard and that I'm too gifted and I'm just mean in there Emini here.


You, you know what it is. Absolutely. Absolutely. I'm just, I'm just real mean. I'm real dominant. I'm very confident and I know that I'm very hard to beat. And I don't if, listen, if, if a girl can beat me, I will get on my knees and kiss her feet and and tell her good job. That's how I know it's not gonna happen. So do you study the, you study the people that you fight, like Lainey Daniels. Have you like gone down a rabbit hole of her highlights and stuff like that? It, it doesn't take me long to watch the highlights. I watch the highlights And I watch a girl fight And I say, oh, okay. I know what I need to do with her. It doesn't take me long to watch it. But I do other research, you know, I go and watch interviews of her just talking.


I go and look at news articles. I, I I learned about her life. What was her childhood like? You know, what she been through in life. Like, I go and do like deeper, like You study deeper than research, just fighting. What does that do for you in the ring? Like how does that, The trash talk? Mm. You know, you gotta get in their head. You know, some of these girls you don't, some of these girls, you, you wanna piss 'em off. They be having a good game plan. But once you piss 'em off the game plan go out the window. Like they just wanna kill you. And I think that's what I did with Savannah Marshall. Like I went and did my research on her and then I started her, I started trash talking to her. And then when, when we got face to face and whenever I seen her, I just used to say stuff to her and it would, and I know that what I would say will play over and over again in her head.


And then when we fought her coach and her game plan was to stand in the center of the ring and fight me, which was like, that's dumb. You six two, I'm five nine. You should have been on your jab at least to give you a better chance at winning. But she came out there trying to, you know, fight like she can knock me out and almost got her ass knocked out. Damn. I wanted to go back a little bit. Last time you came here you were promoted your movie. Yes. And, and we didn't. I didn't get, none of us got a chance to see the movie. 'cause the movie didn't come out yet. And I seen the movie And I wanted to talk about that. Your, your childhood growing up a little bit. 'cause we didn't discuss it last time 'cause we didn't see the movie. So after being a champion for that young, for that long, nobody gave you endorsement deals.


Nobody put you on the cover of, of those serial companies. There was no money coming in. I'm sitting there like, this is crazy because you are a champ. And how did that happen and how did you not hate the sport of boxing and say f this? Because you weren't even like, the fact that you're winning and you still have to go back to Michigan and still have to go back to some of the places that you were is crazy. Especially when you see a lot of white girls getting all that money. Yeah, well honestly I feel like back then, me being 17 years old, me being from Flint, Michigan, me being just, I was, I was rough around the edges. You know, I'm, I'm more put together now. And I can say that back then I didn't understand what the branding part of it was. You know how they want you to talk.


You've seen in the movie, you know how they want you to wear your hair, how they want you to dress or how you supposed to dress. Like what's the ideal American golden girl. And for me it was all about the accolades. It was like, yeah, you can have the makeup and the hair and look good, but it, but if you can do all that and then you don't win the fights, then who cares? To me, winning has always been the number one thing to do. And I think that that had a part to play in it. And then also women's boxing being fairly new. There is no way possible to make women's boxing look good. Now I know I make it look good now, but that's when I'm outside the ring. Inside the ring. You get what you get. You know, I come there, I have my hair braided, excuse me.


I come there in my wig to the actual fight. I have my dress on, I have my wig on. I have have my, my makeup on. I go in the back room. Once we get to the back after the grand arrival, I'm, I'm wiping all the makeup off Emini here, wiping the edge control off because the edge control's sweating and getting your eyes. And then I'll be taking the knee like javonte, you know what I'm saying? Amm not doing that. Trying to say that that don't work though. That, that, that's not how it works. Well Javonte, he didn't have edge control. He said it was grease, grease edge control burn. I know from experience you don't wear edge control to the gym to spa. So that does happen. Edge control. And I don't know about no grease now, but edge control. Yes. It starts sweating in your eye. It burn like hell. So when I, when I go in the back, I take everything off to the lashes to everything, the edge control.


And then I get in the ring And I fight. But after the fight is over with, after I done win 10 rounds, sometime less I be kind of bruised up from time and sore. I still go and put my wig back on. That's crazy to do that. I have my girls do my makeup, I put my clothes on, put my body suit on, put my heels on and we go out and we party. And that is like the balance you have to find. But it's not a easy balance to have. Like a lot of times I be wanting to go home, you know, And I be wanting to lay down And I gotta ice my face and my body after fighting for four days and then I can come back outside and look refreshed. But it's not always that simple. So I think it was hard to make back then.


I didn't care about making boxing be pretty. It was like, look, this is what you get. You, you want a female boxer, this is what you get. You get muscles, you get grit, you get a hard punch and you get me talking shit to these girls and telling 'em how bad I'm, how, how bad I'm gonna beat 'em. And like, that's what you get. But now I can manage it better 'cause I'm, I think I'm better experienced now. Gotcha. You know, I watch the fire inside And I thought to myself, you know, when you, because it shows so much of your personal life, what version of Clarissa Shields do you think would've emerged without boxing? I'd be in jail. Damn. That's flat out period. And I would say I would be in jail or dead because boxing helped me with my anger, you know? And, and I'm 30 years old And I still deal with my anger now, but back then I was, I was way meaner.


I, I didn't have an understanding of why I had to go through things that I went through. Why my upbringing was so tough and I was angry about that. Boxing helped me relieve some of that anger. It helped me direct it towards something more positive. So I know without boxing I would've been street fighting, fighting girls. They used to call me bishop in my hood because they, because they wanted me to sell drugs because I was the one that I could go tell you I can. I a he said give 'em this and then running back. But it was just like, for me, I was like, I don't, I didn't want that type of lifestyle, you know what I'm saying? But I know without boxing that would've happened. Some people like say, oh you, oh you would, you would've been pregnant. But I didn't even like my first boy till I was 15 years old.


I didn't like, I didn't mean to say first boy 'cause they didn't think it's a girl. But I didn't like anything till I was 15. I like boxing. And then when I was 15, I realized that a boy was cute to me. And that's when I'm like, okay. So I guess I'm not, I'm not gay. Cool. You thought you was gay At first because you like Nah, I just, I didn't like nothing. Right. I thought I was weird. I, I didn't think I was gay. I thought I was weird. But that's normal though. 15. You, that's where your mind should be at. You shouldn't be thinking about no boys or no girls at 15. Yeah. Shoot all my, all my friends have boyfriends since 11 to 10 years old. Beating bitches up, Training, running to the gym, drinking water, eating healthy, giving myself a 10 o'clock, a 10:00 PM curfew to be in bed, 6:00 AM get up and go run to school.


That was, that was my life. What happened to you that the the coaching trainer? Do y'all still speak? Yeah, me and Jason still speak. Y'all still speak, you know, it was just, we too much alike. You know, he taught me to be very strong and confident and don't take disrespect And I guess all those rules apply except to him. And I think that was the problem. Right. Right. You know, he always told me when like when somebody disrespect you, you check him right then and there. You don't wait till y'all go and somewhere quiet or he like somebody disrespectful, disrespect you, you let 'em know like right then and there. Like, Hey, I don't like that. That like, that wasn't cool. That was disrespectful. And you try to let them know like, hey, it like, it's consequences for being disrespectful, you know, it's consequences Break down what happened exactly with Toy because I see, and Tiki is from Baddies for those who don't know, but that's Shaw's sister.


But it's so many different rumors around there. People say you started and they say she started, I wanna know how what even happened. 'cause you know, you're not on Baddies, you don't be over there with Zeus. There you go. So like what, how did that even start Her fans? Hmm. This is the thing I fight professionally. Who's more known for fighting me or Tiki? Let, let, let's be honest Professionally, you for sure Fighting Period. I'm more known. I went to the Olympics twice. Okay. I'm known by millions for fighting. But I'm saying you're profe like you are a professional fighter, like you said first. Exactly. So that you're more known professionally for fighting. So now That she's beating up girls on Baddies, her fans came to me, oh we think Tika can do this and do that.


All I did was respond and let 'em know. I I like that Tiki is beating these girls up, you know, it's good for tv. But yeah, she can't beat me up. And that's where I think the her problem came from. But all in all, I don't give a damn about Cke or nobody who think that she can do anything with me. She said that she needs to stop popping pills and all this other shit to get ready to fight me. And she gotta train exactly how I train. That's she behind the eight ball. If she gotta do all this, she's already, she's already meant she's already lost in the sauce when it like come to even a fight with me. And that's inside the ring. And outside the ring because one, you never tell nobody your weaknesses, you never tell 'em all the stuff that you're doing that you're not supposed to be doing.


That's one. Two, I'm never gonna give you my entire regimen of training of what I do. Why, why would I do that? Get up and go run six miles. She'll die. She can't do it. So the, the conversation doesn't make sense. I think right now I'm at a spot in my life where everything is about clout, clout, clout. And right now I'm just natural clout. Anytime I talk, everybody like, oh, Claressa said this, crea said that Shade Room Hollywood on lock TMZI really can't do anything without people taking bits and parts of it. And just So it was the fans. It was the fans that made that. And then I also, like I said, I responded to it and actually I, I I actually caught out Ivory to a fight to me Ivory.


Oh, Ivy. Who's on? Who Just, she just joined Baddy. She's, Yeah, ivory is way more rougher than Siki. Yeah. She's actually from like a rough part of wherever she's from And I've seen that girl fight on now that's tv. Me too. Yeah. And I, she was more keen, she responded to having a boxing match against me. It wasn't a street fight with Ivory. She responded to her wanting to get in the ring and box against me. And I was like, okay. Yeah. You know, well let's make it happen. But you know, it's the internet. So I made that a hundred thousand dollars challenge to, hey, if, if a girl can whoop me, I will. I I will give you a hundred thousand dollars If you can beat me in a, in a fight, you deserve a hundred thousand. You do. I wanna see it.


I don't, I'm not wishing that a hundred you Clarissa, but I just want to see it. 'cause I feel like at some point you gonna have to show one of these girls stop playing with you. Did. You did, did you miss it? When I beat the troll up at the gym. I Remember that When that was the first example. These girls know do not come to the gym, fuck with me no more. Mm. I will glove up with you. Yeah. I'm I'm not that bougie where they be like, oh, I'm just too celebrity. I don't know. Right. I nah, you want your ass whoop, I hope Your ass whoop. But that's my point. I like when I hear people just randomly talking to professional athletes online, like they can just beat them so easily. Yeah. I just want to, I need to see, I, I'm serious because I don we need to see the difference between a Clarissa Shields and just you, you know, fighting that fights fighting on Zeus.


Yeah. But What do you mean you wanna see me in a street fight? Nah, I don't you to get some money for it, but I just want No, I'm saying like, you wanna see me like fight without gloves? Yeah, because Y'all pay Her. Right. Or you like we, I would say with boxing, listen, first of all, the boxing gloves protect the fighters. It's the padding. I would never do bare knuckle boxing. I, I barely wanted to do MMA, which is four ounce gloves. But Charlemagne, I fight these girls with no gloves on. You must hate them. Wow. I can't believe he said that. Yeah, I'm sorry he said that Charles, I'm apologize for him. But didn't they, they tried to get you on Baddies.


Right? Natalie wanted me to come. Natalie Wanted you to come and to Stay in the house and everything. And I told her, listen, I was all for it because I feel like it's cross Brandon. Yeah, it's cross Brandon And I will more go on there on some I like positive stuff, you know, I like really? Yeah, I like, I like positive stuff. Okay. Like boxing is positive to me. Okay. But I would go on there more of like, I think the girls on, on Baddies, it's a lot of women on there who got like some trauma and need some healing, you know? And training and boxing helped me. I don wanna go on there to, these girls wanna fight all the time. I don't understand if they fighting the, if they fighting the whole time, who's getting to a bag?


Mm. Yeah. That that'd be my question for them. Like who's actually getting to some money on there. If all they doing is fighting, they can't go to the club, they can't go to dinner, they can't go to events because it's a fight that break out every time. Yeah. So for me, I was like, look, I will go on there And I wanna be that eye opener of like, look, let's train, let's work out, let's relieve some stress and maybe everything can go more smoothly. But then of, but then of course if it, if it can't, yeah. Glove up and put on headgear and some mouthpieces because girls getting they teeth knocked out, they getting eyes busted up For nothing. I don't know how much they need. No, No. I'm not even talking about like what they're getting paid.


But I'm just saying like for no it is nothing. It it is just a bunch of arguments and fighting. It's no objective. No true objective. Yeah. You don't know who's right, who's wrong. I don't know. But like I said, I told Natalie that I will come on her show, but she gotta have everybody sign a sign a form that if I listen I want them girls trying to be so intimidated that they team up and try to jump me. Now I got the whoop fo holes in one day and Then lawsuits come after that and then yeah, Yeah. No, no we gotta, we gotta have 'em sign that. Listen, I'm not responsible for no damages for no teeth, no eyes, none of that. Because I feel like those girls on on badges are daredevils and hell. What look I getting jumped by to seeking and ivory.


I gotta fight for my life. It's two of them. Yeah. I gotta fight real, real hard. And it's like, I'm not, I I'm not losing. Yeah. Especially if we on TV and they gonna post the clips. I gotta show y'all what I can really do. So did they sign it? All of it did. Nah, she said that she couldn't get it done. She said, oh, she talked to, she talked to Zeus and, and since it's reality tv she can't have them sign it. I said, well I can't come. That's right. And we ain't even talk about money or, or or anything. That makes sense. 'cause once we didn't get past that, I Just say Okay, cool. And people be so scared to take a ass weapon. They might come at you with weapons and all types of shit. Yeah. I got people trying to, people talking about, listen, I don people didn't say that they gonna shoot me, stab me, all type of stuff. I wanted to ask about, you know, the last fight they said, at first they said there was some substance in your, in your, in your, in your urine.


And then they came back and said that wasn't true. What happened with that instance? Man, people was crazy. I don I don't know man. Like it was, it is just, it is just crazy work. I I will, I will tell you that I've never experienced something like that in my life. I don't smoke marijuana, I don't eat marijuana. I'm not even around people that smoke. So I was thinking that it was the arena. 'cause I know that in the arena was smokey as ever. You know, whether that was with cigarette smoke, weed smoke, whatever, because It's legal in Michigan, It's very legal. You can just go to the store and buy it. So when I found out that it was in my system, first thing I did, 'cause I was here in New Jersey, I was here in New York And I was with Pap.


When I got the news I said these these motherfuckers is crazy. I went straight to LabCorp And I took a urine test and that and that goes back to 30 days. And it said I didn't have any marijuana in my system at all. So how this came out that I did have it in there from a swab test, which isn't really that accurate versus a urine test. I think that's how I beat my case. And like I said, I had to go and sit in front of them and go to trial and all this bull crap. But it just, I think something was wrong with their test. I don't know what was wrong with their test, but everything got resolved. I got unsuspended and now we back fighting July 26th at Little Caesar in Detroit.


You know, you said earlier that you know people do you the clout now, right? Yeah. And I saw, I saw Chris Cyborg just tweet out. He said, who is that? A UFC fighter. Oh, okay. He said only five boxing fights, but already got more Kos than Clarissa Shields. Oh, okay. That was so random. I'm like, what? Yeah. Yeah. I don I don't know why she, first of all, I kicked Chris Cyborg ass very bad when we sparred a few years back And I know Augh was the fighter. I knock her out. So I don't know. She, and then she just fought a girl that was four, four wins, three losses and had been knocked out twice already. So if you go out, if you wanna be technical, since I have to, if you go to box rec, I've never fought against a fighter who wasn't, who had more than four or five losses.


Most of the people I fought against is undefeated champions. So when Chris Ior can do that, she can like Maha like how many knockouts she's getting, but to the end she can go keep injecting that shit in her face, trying to make her face look softer. 'cause she look like a damn clown every time I see her. Damn. I just, I just can't, you know. And then Chris is the op, she wanted to learn so much. Oh, oh, oh, I'm your friend. I want you to train MMA. And then when I turned MMA to start fighting MA she wouldn't even come and train with me. Wow. But she was like, oh, when you train MMA I'm gonna teach you this and teach you that. She wouldn't even come train with me because I beat her up when we sparred. Mm. So she was a op and she should have took that money that them dudes have for us to fight over there in Saudi, when they offered me 3 million to offer her one, she should have took the money.


Do you like fighting Message Shane text. She, she turned that down. She's a punk talking about, oh, I wanna fight at 1 47 and, and and you're bigger than me. Why do we gotta fight at 1 54? I'm like, sis, let's get some money. What's the problem? Oh no, I wanna fight at 1 47. Well, I've never made 1 47, so I'm not going to 47. You enjoy fighting in Michigan or do you like Vegas? Well, my dream was to fight at T-Mobile Arena in Vegas. That's like my ultimate dream main event. I fought there before my pro debut. But I love fighting. I love fighting in Michigan though, you know. But listen, you, you gotta you gotta come to the fight to actually experience it. Some of these boxing matches y'all been going to, they, they been kinda lackluster and boring.


But you don't, you don't get that up in my fight. You get a good walkout, you get a nice crowd. The crowd chants whoop that trick in, in between rounds and yeah. You know, you get action packed fight with me in there. So it's a, it's a whole different experience. Well what's something about the way women's boxing is promoted that that makes you cringe but you haven't publicly called it out yet? For me, how they act like putting women on men's undercards doesn't help the women. Mm. They keep trying to say, oh, it's not beneficial. But that's how they build their men champions up to where they can become main event fighters.


So when I was saying, Hey, I wanna fight the undercard of Deontay Wilder, Terrence Crawford, Earl Spence Pac guys of that nature, I was always being told, oh, that's not gonna help you girl. That's not gonna help your brand. That's not gonna, it was like, yes it is. Yes it is. If, if if 20 million people is tuning in to see Anthony Joshua fight, I'm the co main event, at least 10 of them gonna be there or 15 waiting to get to the, so they can see me fight and they can become fans of me. But they act like that's false information when I know that it's true. 'cause I've seen them do it with the men who I fight better than that now that these men are getting main event cards.


And I'm like, huh, that's funny. He fighting pay-per-view And I know damn well he can't fight better than me. Seemed like a no brainer. Yeah. Hell yeah. Seemed like a who that fight, the, the Taylor Serrano fight. Who? That, that was on the on card of Mike Tyson. Jake Paul. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Shit was, that was the best fight on the card that night. Yeah, I agree. Your name has been your name being a lot of, a lot of stuff, conversations, you know, not only even for boxing though, but your personal life as well. Right. And do you feel like, because your personal life, you know, like your love life and everything, like even online that gets like more publicity than like things like your movie or your fights. Do you feel like that help helps or hurts your career in any type of way or like That?


I feel like, I feel like everything helps. You know what I'm saying? Women's boxing is a very hard market for people to find out about you. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've been the best fighter in The World since I was 17 years old. I'm 30 now. That's 13 years of dominance of not of, of not losing. I got 17 world titles, five different divisions, four time undisputed champion. Like I've accomplished everything you can accomplish in boxing. So therefore all this stuff that my, that my name being, it's like, you know what? It's beneficial. I just have to make sure it is going the direction that I want it to go. I want to be Beyonce. Okay. I want to be like Serena Williams. I don't want to be like, I don't even wanna get no bad examples, but it's saying it's a bunch.


But I want to be like on that caliber of, of Muhammad Ali. So doing that, I can't entertain everything, you know, even though it, it may gimme more followers, but it's not something that's going toward where I'm trying to go to in my career and in in my life because I'm trying to go to the 50 and 20 and a hundred million dollars and some stuff that I may entertain could, could stop that. Yeah. So I don't it my, my name be everywhere every day. I gotta, every day is somebody else making a damn podcast. It's somebody else making. All right guys, taking a break too.


Put you on to a new series on Netflix, inspired by Judy Bloom's. Groundbreaking 1975 novel forever watch the Reimagine coming up age series about young love by Mara Brock Akil, the iconic creator of girlfriends. This epic love story follows two black teens, Keisha and Justin as they explore romance and their identities through the awkward journey of being each other's first. First loves, first arguments, first heartbreak, everything. Make sure you watch forever. Now playing on Netflix,


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B-cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Hey y'all, it's Cha girl ts Madison come into you loud live in in color from the Outlaws podcast. On this week's episode, we're talking to none other than chaperone and sashay. And let me tell you, no topic is off limits, honey. We talk about the lovers, the haters, and the creator.


I Worked at Scooters Coffee Drive through Kiosk and you are from the Midwest. And in the Midwest they told you would just be humble. Like you, you, you've heard this countless time. You too, right? Oh yeah. It's very like big in Hawaii. Mine was, I think wrapped up in like Christian Guil. Oh sure. Oh yeah. We definitely had like some Jehovah's Witness guilt there. Yeah, yeah. Wait, were you Jehovah's Witness? Yeah. So you were Jehovah's Witness. I grew up That. Yeah, my family still is. Hey or no Listen, she may have been working the drive through in 2020, but she's the name on everybody's lips now, honey, listen to Outlaws with ts Madison on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Honey


Yo keep up is it's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before from producers and choreographers to idols and trainees.


We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop popup next. So listen to the KF factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go In a video.


It's somebody else putting pictures. They got old pictures of me, new pictures of me, they and, and, and pictures of me and Pap. It just every day is something. And it just takes a lot of mind power to just like, you know what, lemme Just welcome to our world. I know, right? Let me just, you know, just because like Yeah, right, right before your movie came out. Yeah, right before it came out, which, you know, could have helped sales or whatever or whatever It did. It did. But your relationship was revealed in a very messy way. What, what was going through your mind when that happened? That was early in the morning. Everything just, you know, You funny. It Was, it was early. I can say that.


I can say that. I was shocked for one. Yeah. And I was upset because me and my public, me and my publicist had been talking about, Hey, we're getting ready to have the movie come out on Christmas Day. Let's not have nothing happen. So I had been ignoring so many things, so many things. And then this came and it was like, ugh, what the hell? And I remember being like, I was, I was, I was frustrated. But I also too was like, keep keep your cool. Because once again, the direction we're trying to go is not that direction. One, I don't get paid off a drama. A lot of people say that they know me because of that situation or, or because of Pap.


And it was like, I had 1.1 million followers before that ever happened. Now I'm at 1.31, 1.4 and it was like, but I also had a movie come out. I had a fight. I'm constantly going viral for anything. Netflix documentary. Yeah, you've been out there. I've done TV shows like I rap. So with that, I just feel like, you know what it is just, I think that the devil was trying to get in the way, you know, he wanted to see me crash out. And that's why I handled it, how I handled it. I promoted my movie, I promoted my fight and I just continued moving because I have nothing to to argue about. Like me and Pep are together, we're, we are happy together.


He packed my belts this morning for me to, to bring my stuff here. We just got back from la, we're together all the time. He wrapped me out. We train together like we're together. So I don't really have to argue about anybody about where my spot is with him. You know, it's like, that's not my place. Now there are things that gotta get handled, but it's still, it's not even my stuff to handle. Yeah, it's his. How did y'all meet? We met at Shakur Fight July 6th last year I met, had a fight. Wow, okay. Yeah, that's what I said. How Did you know he was the one? How did you, I'm sure dudes kick it to you all the time. How did you know? Like he was the one, He's smooth cat man. See, the thing is, like I told you, I I didn't really like mo till I was 15.


So now I've had a few boyfriends here and there and I just remember like pap, he walked up to me and he shook my hand, which I was like, what the fuck? Shake hands, who shakes hands? That was kind of my mind, like, what the hell? And then he just mentioned like, oh, I watched you fight in the Olympics. I'm a fan. I've been a fan, you know. And I was like, well, I, well I fight in two weeks in Detroit, you know, if you, if you freeze, you come out and he like, I'm coming. And I always get that from celebrities though. They always say, oh, we gonna come, we gonna come and then fight night come and then they don't come. So I didn't think he was coming. I'm like, all right, cool. I'm like, we took a picture, which I'm gonna get to that in a minute. But we took a picture And I posted it on my page, but it was my second picture because I think G Herbo was the first picture.


And then when I posted it, I DMed him the picture and he, I'm like, if you wanna come to the fight, here's my publicist number. I'll make sure you got VIP where you can come to the back and, you know, say hello, whatever. And he was like, all right. So he hit her immediately and we're all in a group text. And then the day of the fight he texted her and said, Hey, I'm here. And then she brought him to the back And I was like, oh shit, he came to the fight. That's what's up. And, but I could tell, like you said, what did he, how I know he was the one so strange. So I came here to The Breakfast Club last year and he kept saying he wants to go out to eat when I come to New York, he wants take me out to eat.


And I was just like, why? What do you wanna go out to eat for? Like, what's up? And we had, we had been texting back and forth and stuff like that, but he's really hard to, he's not hard to read, but he's very like private throughout the text. And so he like, I just wanna talk to you in person. So when we talked in person, that's when I was like, dang, I kind of like this dude. And he just was like so kind, so nice. And I think we had a conversation before, like, do you like bad boys? The good boys? I like a good guy. Don't be all, all that nonchalant, stuck up you, the you the prize. Get the hell away from me. Please Knock nigga out acting like that, don't you? You messy People think I hit my men.


I don't. Okay, I don't have you though. Come on. Now You said there's some things he needs to handle. What you, what do you mean by that? Say it again? You said Earlier there's some things pap need to handle. Oh, Emini. Here it is. The elephant in the room. I don't have to say it. I don't know in his personal life. Oh, The Elephant in the room. Like, but that, but that takes time. And like I said, that's not my place to speak on, you know what I'm saying? Like, it'll get, it'll get handled. I just know that from my perspective, I'm with him, I'm with him every day. And when I'm not with him, we're on the phone every day and we're talking and we're FaceTiming and you know, we love each other.


So that's just kind of what it is. You know what I'm saying? But hey, it's a situation and it is what It is. I'm assuming you mean like you want to wait, wait until the divorce is like official. Official. Does that hold you, does that keep you from, from like giving your all? No, no, because we are together all the time. So The all is already given is what you're saying? Yeah, that's, that's it. We already talk, we, we talk about so many different things and I'm 30, so we talk about kids and family and stuff like that. But like, it's still, that still has to get taken care of. But like, absolutely, you know, once again, it's not, it's not for me. You understand what I'm saying? Like, I'm not, I'm not married, you know? So yeah, that's, that'll get handled.


But still at the same time I've been like, I'm such a secure woman when it like comes to him because he's proven his, he's proven it to me. Like I was, I was to when somebody is just truthful with you from the beginning, there is no, there is no secrets there. There is just, hey, this is what it is and do you accept or do you not accept? That's kind of what it was. And he's been truthful from the beginning. And we fell asleep on the phone for three, four months of us first getting together. So for us to fall asleep on a, a regular night and then to wake up to chaos in the morning was like, oh shit. I Say that's how we found out 'cause y'all was on the damn Phone. But that had been going on for three, four months. Mm.


And that wasn't just at night. We talked from sun up to sundown. Yeah. So that, like I said, that's what shocked me. 'cause I was like, oh hell, what the heck? Because if we go to sleep on the phone, four for four months every night and the phone is saying it's four hours, three hours, whatever, hours on the phone, you don't think that one day you're gonna wake up to to that. You know? So that's what threw me off. But hey, at the end of the day, look, women are women. I don't know what, I don't know what else to say. Like I don't, I don't have any ill will toward any women And I don't have any ill will to toward her. You know what I'm saying? So y'all haven't spoke? Nah, Nah.


Emini here. She made her post and whatever and that was about it. But, but like I said, women aren't women. They're very emotional creatures. You know what I'm saying? And I think that was just, I don't, I don't, I don't know what it was. I don't know if it was emotions or I don't know what it was. 'cause 'cause I don't know her and she don't know me. Yeah. She don't know me either. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I don I don't know what that was, but like I said, it is not, it wasn't for me. That's why I just responded how I responded. We gonna promote the movie. We gonna, we gonna promote the fight Once again. I fight July 26th, man. Been at little season arena tickets on Ticketmaster. 19,000 people need to be there. Last fight I did 12,000.


Let's go for 19 this one. Mm. You know, you know, as a woman who dominates a brutal sport, cressy, do you ever feel like you gotta protect your softness? Yeah. Everybody don't get that. Everybody don't get that. You know, in the, in the, in the past year, I say year and a half, I had to change my whole life around. I was living in Flint, Michigan. I had me a nice house there. I was engaged, you know, I was just very, very close to everybody in my family. But once I knocked out Joan nace at that heavyweight and people thought I was gonna lose that fight And I knocked her out in the second round, I thought people change when you lose people change when you win and they thought you was gonna lose.


And they start acting crazy. All this entitlement. People got issues with me. I did this, I did that. I'm like, I, I haven't done nothing but train them training and work hard and be accomplished. And oh, I'm looking down on them. I think I'm better than them because I buy myself nice things and, And I don't buy them nice things. And it just, it just got outrageous, you know? And then these girls, and it was, I don't, you know what, ugh. Anyways, it was just, people started paying more attention to me because I started loving myself better. Yeah. So loving myself better. It means you have to disconnect from things that don't love you. And I had to move all the way to Atlanta. I have another house now, a seven bedroom house now.


And I just had to move there. And I spent so much time learning to be okay with being by myself. Right. And this was coming out of a relationship and it didn't, I didn't just jump into a relationship with Pat. I, I gave myself a month or two. But it was still just, just a little bit time. You know how as young folks is. I Feel a little bit Can't only for too long now. I got you fine for that. But yeah, it just morphing me. Like I had to like really seclude myself. And when I did that, I learned to be all right with just hanging out with me. You know what I'm saying? Hanging out with me and my dog. 'cause I have a dog. The sad thing about it is watching a movie, that's how you were at, at like 15, 16, the same thing.


You, you started winning and then everybody started coming and started feeling entitled. And it's weird that you still had to deal with that now. It just never changed. You never had a chance To more money, more problems. And, and, and that's real. More money, more problems. They hear about you making millions of dollars. They see you ran a a hundred thousand dollars chain. You got a Rolex, you got diamonds on diamonds. They like, where my shit at? And I'd be like, well, you go get hit in the face and then you, then I and then I bet you'll get something. You may not get a million, but you gonna get some, you gonna get some money, you gonna run some miles and you gonna eat healthy. And you sacrifice what you have to sacrifice a hundred percent. You, you'll make some type of money. So do you think you feel that way? 'cause you've always, I'm I'm just going off the movie, in the movie there was a scene where you was with your, I think your little brother and your little sister and you was like, I'm gonna get us out the hood, basically.


Yeah. I'm gonna get us outta here. I'm gonna us think they always look to you to be that person. Yes and no, because I've done things for my family that I nobody else in this room would probably do for their family. Mm. I've bought cars, I've, I've paid rent and not just rent for a month or two, but like for a whole year and a half, my sister, little three kids are my kids. Mm. School clothes, hairdos haircuts, shoes. That's me, my younger brother, my mom, my, I bought my mom two cars so far. My little brother, I I, I just bought him a car.


And I don't say this to to to brag, but it's like I do things for my family to help them have a better life. And it comes to a point where it's like, listen, you are grown too. I don't have to take care of you. Right. You are like, you're grown too. Like where, what are you gonna do to help change your life? Because I'm not God, I'm not God. And nobody came down and, and, and gave me a car and gave me money. I had to work for everything that I have. So I can't just give it and give it away because you guys feel like, oh, you are our big sister or you're our family member. Like, this is what you supposed to do. It's like, no, I can help position you. But then after that you have to work.


You have to figure it out because I gotta figure it out. They gotta have that mindset though. You know what Emini here, like if they don't have that mindset like you, like you grind, you, you, you push yourself. You built your own self. You know what Emini here, then all they gonna keep doing. Like you said, you just paid somebody rent a year and a half straight at not one point. Did they ever say, all right, yo, make me like put me on so I can pay my own rent. They just sat there and just let you pay the rent for a year and a half. Yeah, but I also told 'em too, save up, save up, save up your money. I supposed to do it for six Months. Oh. While I'm paying your rent. Save your money. Save up Your money. Because once I'm done paying your rent, you should be able to go pay your own rent. And you should have a job by in too. You should be able to buy your, to buy your car.


Something should be able to happen after saving up your money for a year and a half. And that's one thing people talk about, people getting money, money management is a lost art. That's right. In the black community, it's a lost art. All these basketball players, football players, after they're not in the league for three years, they broke. And that's sad. But that's because money management is not something that's taught and people don't wanna learn. When you getting hundreds of thousand here, hundreds of thousand there, you can go buy whatever you want from Gucci. Louis Versace, you can go, just go buy it. You're not even paying attention to how much money you're spending. And then you think that after your career is done, you can still spend that way.


And then you realize like, oh, bank card declined. You know what I'm saying? So I learned about money management doing during Covid. I had 10 people sitting at my house, 10. Dang. I was ordering DoorDash every day. Cases of water, food. And I think from the year of Covid, I spent $75,000. Within a few months I looked at my bank account And I said, what? How'd that happen? I thought somebody was stealing from me. Mm. I went down and looked at my bank account. I went to the bank. And wasn't nobody stealing. You just, you just spend money because you know that you have it. But it was like, yo, that's yo, that's too much for me to be spending 75,000 in three months.


It adds up. Yeah. Something gotta something gotta shake. So for me, that's where I learned like, okay, let's stop ordering so much online. We can't eat DoorDash every day. Let's order some groceries. Like, you gotta figure out the give and the give and take. Because I don't do any cigarettes or alcohol or drugs. So that wasn't the problem. The problem was to me, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm ordering out, taking care of everybody. I'm paying for gas, I'm paying for cars, I'm, I'm doing everything. It's like, yo, you going, you gonna be broke. Like them, like the people you be talking about. Girl, keep it up. No, I did see an interview that you said after this, this year you gonna closed shop down and you wanna start your family.


That's what I was Right. I said the interview you said you wanted, you wanted to start your family. You about to sh sh shut this boxing down for a little bit. You still, you still on that wave? Yeah. Yeah. I wanna have two more fights this year and then shut it down for a minute. The reason why I look, I, I did, I, I knew who you were before you got into a relationship with Pat, but this is the first time that I've seen you in your soft girl or softest. I feel like you ever going get, unless you have a daughter. But I feel like Yeah, I, I've seen, I've never seen you blush before until your relationship I've never seen you. Not that you always like hard. Yeah. You always hard up. But before your relationship, now you are more like soft girl and you said you had a seven bedroom house, you plan to fill that up with the kids.


Well that's what, Six kids, It's the same question, but it's just better form. So you trying to fill up that seven bedroom house. No. So just, just to rewind, I think with the childhood that I had, I have to slowly grow into the softer area. It's not something that just come overnight. It don't just turn 25. My old nine years soft and 39 years soft. He's like, I had to do a whole lot of healing and growing And I feel like I've been a soft girl for three years. People keep saying, it just started with pap and it was like, no, I've been, I'm softer now because of the man that he is. You understand? But I've always been soft and anybody that knows me know that I'm very sensitive.


That's why I don't let everybody talk to me and be around me because you said the wrong thing. I've been un been freaked out and everybody be like, what's wrong with her? And I'm just crying and I'm cussing everybody out And I wanna fight people because I, I know that I'm sensitive. I know that. So with me knowing that I just kind of, you know, steer, steer clear of drama and stuff like that. Hmm. So with that, now that I'm in my softer, softer girl era and I'm in a heel girl era too. I want to, I feel like I'm capable to have a child now. Yeah. You know? And, And I always wanted my own family. I wanna have six kids, honestly. But I will settle with Four. The seven bedroom house. That's why you got the six bedroom for the six kids.


And then the, I don the other bedroom for you. Your man and the dog. The dog is crazy. But yeah. Emini here. I don't wanna So you Want six? Yeah. In total. Over the years, you know what I'm saying? But I, I do wanna start next year, but, you know, tell Gaja plans and, and he'll, and he'll laugh at you. He'll laugh at me. You know? That's right. I just know like, that's, that's what I want. But who knows if it'll, if it'll happen to me, it may be 31 or 32. You never know. Yeah. But I know that I, I will be having a kid some kids soon. Was there ever a moment because of your upbringing, because of the trauma you experienced, where even winning feel feels lonelier than, than losing Mike Phil?


Nah, nah, nothing feels better than winning. Losing sucks. Losing sucks. I, I don't know. I don't know what type of winning you Mm. I I, when I win, I feel like to me, winning a boxing match is just as great as having a great, having a great sex session. You know what I'm saying? Like that's, it is the highest thing for me. And people think it's weird when I say that, but it's like, I've never been high off of drugs. The highest high I've ever been or happy is either winning a boxing match or sex. It just, that's it. Emini here, or lemme think of something that's, that make me happy eating good food. Yeah. Yeah. Sex is up there. Yeah. So regardless of what's going on in your life, if you win a match, you, you good.


I, it, it, it makes me feel really, really good. And I don't let the people put the pressures in me of getting knockouts. Yeah. Yeah. I know that I'm an entertaining fighter. You're gonna get a nice fight and, and you're gonna be happy that you came, but you're not gonna pressure me to be upset over a win because I didn't get the knockout. Like, I think I worked too hard to let the casuals and the fans say, oh, you didn't get knockout. So, so, so you're not good. It's like, but I, but I beat the shit out of her though, you know? So to me, winning is what matters because losing if I was to lose, ah, man, you think I'm viral now? Yeah. Lord have mercy.


I don't know if it's a, if this is a dumb question or not, but look, right, so when God's box, like I hear that they can't have sex like before the fight because it messes up. Like they, I guess adrenaline need to be pumped up or whatever. But is it the same with women? Like you can, could you like, have sex the night before you fight? Does it mess with you or does it take away from your energy? You're not amped up? Nah, I, I, well, one, I can't speak for the other female champions, but being pound for pound number one woman fighter, I don't have sex four to six weeks before a fight. Mm. I don't. And, and, and, and any man I've been with know that. Gotcha. Like, we can hug, we can kiss. But when it comes to like, the actual penetration part, nah.


And, and, and even the, the it, it's not even about, it's not about, you said the word penetration crazy. It's not, it's not about, it's not about that. It's about, it's about coming orgasms. Right? Yeah. Can't do that. So there's no type of form of sex for me, you know? And I feel like that give me what I, what I need for the fight because I'm claressa. But, but then when I fight, I'm Lorenzo. And Lorenzo don't want, no, he don't want no d That's Lorenzo ever showed up in the bedroom? Excuse me. Scared the shit out a knee wrong with you, man.


Not the green lady. No. What, what's a moment in your adulthood where your healing surprised you, Clarissa? What? Something that used to trigger you, you was like, oh, that don't, that don't bother me no more Shit. Hmm. You ain't get there yet. You know, I, I think, I think I've had this conversation with God a couple times. Like, I'm never gonna be the person that you slap me And I turn out the cheek and you slap me again. You know, I don't think I'll ever get there, but do I wanna get there? Sure. But I don't want people thinking it's okay to slap me. You know, what's something that happened to me? And I said, you know what girl you did a good job with? Not to me, it's been always defending myself, sticking up for myself, speaking the truth.


And I think that, I think when the movie came out, I was tested the most constantly until now still, you know, I pat myself on the back all the time. You say, I say, yeah, you, you may have responded to this, but you didn't respond to that. Got You. Got you. You know, you cut your phone off when you seen this. But 'cause it is some people who are not even qualified to speak on me, like up in no type of shape or form. Like you've never been number one in The World at what you do. Why are you talking to me?


That's real. Why are you, why are you talking about me? You, you, you've never made a million dollars. You work for somebody. I don't, I caught a shots in my career house, cars, family, please. And then people feel like they can speak on me. And then even some of these trolls or whatever. And trolls also be like these celebrities. And I, And I, And I go and look And I think somebody, it be the audacity. That'd be like, where'd you get that from? For you to even think you can come tell me about what I'm wearing, how I dress, how I wear my hair, why I'm wearing braids when I box And I ain't wearing a lace front.


You not even qualified to be talking to me. Go be number one in whatever your life is first. And then when you get up there to that Michael Jordan, Serena Williams, Beyonce, Claressa Shields era, then you come talk to me that, so that, so that'd be my issue, wanting to check people and let them know, focus on your life because focusing on my life, you don't get no money from me. I'm not ever gonna pay you for mine and my business. Mm. Go mind your business and you'll get to where you wanna get to. So that be the thing for me, like that's what I pat myself on the back because I may respond to stuff here, but it's been some stuff, some things that done happened and I've been like, this man, this who ain't qualified, bro.


She not qualified to play with me like that. And that be my, and And I think that's my, where I'm healing from. 'cause it's like, not only can I talk trash And I can get back at you with whatever you're saying, I can also beat your ass too. And that be for me. Like, some of these people need to get they ass whooped. I'm telling you. Oh Lord, have mercy. No cap. Well, LA Lainey Daniels is up next. Yeah. And, and you know, I've, I I, I've done my research. She got a, she got a nice past on her. You know, she have been through some things. She lost a sibling due to I think Lou Lou Leukemia. She's tough. She's bringing her whole country of New Zealand with her to Detroit.


She thinks she can't be beat now. She got, she lost early in her career, but I think she feel like now she can't be beaten. That she's my toughest challenge. So I look forward to, to fighting her July 26th. That's Right. July 26th. Little Caesar's Arena in Michigan. Hold on. I got, I got one more question. Yeah. Shoot. How much motivation did ESPN leaving you off the trailblazing athletes list? How much, how much did that motivate you? Because you should have been on them. Yeah, but you know what, once again, I, like I said, I acknowledged it and then I kept going on my day. Right. I see. This is what I'm, this is what I'm gonna say. And, and, and, and this is what I want.


The networks and people to understand what, what I've learned. I've learned that they know that they do things that's wrong, especially to me. But they do it to get a reaction outta me, of outta me because they want to get more views and clicks. Because what 'cause what I'm gonna do respond, I'm going to acknowledge it. So when I acknowledged it, I realized that one, nobody paid attention to them, they little trailblazer list anyway. That's for one. You would've got more clicks if you would've put me on there. Now that I actually brought it to everyone's attention. And then they went and looked and seen what it was that got them more clicks and got them more likes. But it didn't motivate, it didn't motivate me at all because I got a espy.


Whoa, whoa. You understand what I'm saying? Like, I am everybody who they had is a trailblazer on that list. I've accomplished more than so I, it didn't motivate me at all. It just showed me like another hater. Somebody else who, who trying to downplay my greatness. Like, it ain't great, but I know I'm the greatest. You know? And it's, and it's, and it's hard to deny it. You know? Anybody say that they, that they greater than me. Ask them what they accomplishments are, look up, they fights, look up, they record Emini here. Just, it is so much you gotta do. But I wanna say to to to to to MVP. I'm the most victorious person.


Fuck y'all. Period. Well, there you have it, Clarissa Shields, July 26 16 in old Boxer undisputed status in three weight divisions. And we appreciate you for joining us. Yeah. Thank y'all for having me. That's Right. It's Clarissa Shields The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. All right guys. Taking a break to put you on to a new series on Netflix. Inspired by Judy Bloom's. Groundbreaking 1975 novel forever watch the Reimagine coming of age series about young love by Mara Brock Akil, the iconic creator of girlfriends.


This epic love story follows two black teens, Keisha and Justin as they explore romance and their identities through the awkward journey of being each other's first. First loves, first arguments, first heartbreak, everything. Make sure you watch forever. Now, playing on Netflix,


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Hi y'all. It's your girl ts Madison coming to you now live and in color from the Outlaw podcast. We're talking to Chapel Rone and Sashay. We talk about the lovers, the haters, and the creator in the Midwest. They told you would just be humble. Mine was, I think wrapped up in like Christian Girls. Oh, oh yeah. We definitely had like some Jehovah's Witness guilt there. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, were you Jehovah's Witness? Yeah, my family still is. Hey or no? Hi, Listen to Outlaws with ts Madison on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, honey.


Yo K-Pop fans, are you ready? It's your boy boom behind. And I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that teach you straight into the heart of K-pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and giving the real behind the scenes K-pop stories, plus you, the fans, you're part of the show, and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.


Go. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.