
I'm a good lawyer. And. I Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for


her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose His series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex cam with Galaxy ai, you can get it on them when you're trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply C att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is Holly Fry from stuff you missed in history class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back and enjoy the wide open views with the whole family. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Not Jess is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren LaRosa with us this morning and we got a special guest in the building. The champ is. The champ is here. Claressa. Shields. Ladies and gentlemen. What's up champ? Hey y'all, How you feeling? I Feel good. Thank y'all for having me here. Listen, Clarissa came in here with a suitcase. I said, are you flying out after, after this? She said, no, this all my belts. That's right. Strapped up. She said I can't carry on my belt. A case full of her belts. This is only three of them you got up here. Four. Four. Four. I got 15 of 'em though. 15 of them? Yeah. Damn. How does it feel winning World Championships in five different weight classes?


You just won your fourth and fifth World title. Just how does it feel? You know. It feels good. You know. It feels good to even more like shut the haters up. They always been hating for a long time. And I keep proving to them that I am the greatest woman of all time. Can't none of these girls whoop me? Mm. None of them at no weight class. Only you and Roy Jones Jr. Have won the middleweight and Heavyweight championships and over a century. Yeah. Have you really stopped to think about how historic that is? No. See, I'm like, I'm a little emotional so I get to crying and stuff, so I don't let myself do that. But it's a big deal and I got, I got more fish to fry because I want to be undisputed at heavyweight too. Mm. What Keeps you in that mode though, where you're like, I got more fish to fry work?


'cause you accomplished so much. Like what keeps you motivated? Well, I think I say motivated because I'm young and it's always like somebody, like a girl saying that she can beat me. And when a girl say that, it be like, well I know the feeling. You know. I want you to, I wanna give you a try. And I actually love fighting. So I just got the biggest knockout of my career about two weeks ago. But I had been working so hard for that. Like I had been beaten these girls unanimously dropping 'em winning 90 to a hundred, You know 90 to 101 two. Now it's like I finally like, You know, put somebody to sleep and it was like, that's what I wanna do in all my fights. People Really still think they can beat you. That's seriously, there's nothing that really, but you Too.


Top of the top. They gotta come at her like that. Right? I think it's, I think that they think that, but they don't really feel that You know. Like people just be talking because when I, whenever I come with the smoke to somebody, then they, they, they energy switch up like, oh no, that ain't what I meant. Like, no, that's what you meant. And I want you to stand on it. You think people are supporting women's boxing a lot more now? You see more and more people at the fights. Is it more on television, people talking about it more or do you feel like you still got a long way to go? Nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm making million dollar paydays. Turkish Ali know who I am. He want to do a fight. Oh wow. I got a movie coming out by my life. That fireman side. Right. December 25th, women's boxing is getting this just due. Are we owe more of 100%?


Well right now my purse is a million and hopefully I can get it to 5 million 10, 15, 20 and and maybe one day fight for a million dollars like Floyd Mayweather. Did You know what was so interesting about the fight? Like most people seem like they get a little slow when they move up and wait. Yeah. You feel like young hands is faster? Oh my God. Like I was showing my man the punch because I was watching, watching the fight live. And I was watching it re live. And I was showing my dude my trainer 'cause he didn't see, he didn't see one of the punches. You threw it? Yeah. I'm like, no. It was the, you gotta watch this punch that dropped the, and he was like, God damn. She was fast. It feel like you got quicker. You know what? The girl was punching at me so fast and it was like, Hey, I am coming up from middle way so don't get it confused.


Like, I'm like, I don't even want to get hit by her in here. So when she ran up on me and tried to sneak me after the ref broke us and she ran up on me, I was like, whoa. She was swinging so hard. If you If you would've felt them punchy. You would've felt disrespected. Yeah. I felt the wind coming across my head and then before I knew it I was just firing back. Damn. And then she was going down. But shout out to Sha Stevenson because I sent him my sparring when I sped against this guy up in Atlanta. His name is Demitrius And I called him the bear. He was 190 pounds And I sparred against him. And I sent Shakur a sparring 'cause Demitrius had roughed me up and he said, SIS, you gotta use your frames more. So when you see the punch after I knocked her on the first time and then I ran back up on her again.


And I turned her. That's called a frame. So I framed her out to line her up with the right hand. Mm. And that's all due to Shakur because he literally sent me a video and everything like this, what you need to be doing when somebody is crowding your space and you need to line 'em up for your shot. So shout out to my brother for sure. I love that. Do do more boxers do that where it's like, yo, let me, let me run this by you. Look at this training. What can I do better? What can I do worse? What, what should I be doing to make myself be able to, to be a better boxer? You know I do that. And I only share my sparring clips with Shakur and Terrence Crawford. Like I don't really send my sparring clip out to nobody. Like to get feedback from, I feel like Terrence Crawford and Shakur are better boxers than me. You. know what I'm saying? I feel like Shakur like skill wise You know what I'm saying?


Shakur feel like I got attributes that he want and he has attributes that I want. So I just kind of go back and forth with him. Like Terrance has that patience that I've been wanting for so long. Like I don't, I don't have too much patience in the ring. Like I go out the first round like let's scrap. That's right. And it's like Terrance he'll, he'll go in there and patient the first two or three rounds and then sleep you the fifth round. Right. So did You see Buzz last fight? What did you think? Yeah, I I seen it. I thought that Madrid do was a awkward fighter. Yep. You know. I thought he was very awkward. All that bouncing. I think that also too, like I don't think that Terrance has fully settled into the 1 54 division like he has to. That was his first fight.


I think his second fight, he'll know how to prepare better for a guy of that size. Because even for me, how I got roped up in sparring was I wasn't used to the body width. Like this dude is one 90 and the girl I'm gonna be fighting against is coming in. She's gonna come in at one 90. But it's a bigger body. It's bigger arms. So, and it's a different game plan. So I think that a Terrance did what he had to do. I I seen him went in a fight clearly, but a Madoff, he wasn't no pushover. And just because he had 10 fights didn't mean he was no pushover. That's how I be feeling about you. You 15 and oh right? Yeah. Yeah. Three knockouts. But if, But it feel like you've had more fights. I don't know why I do MMA The M-M-A-A-K.


Yeah. Yeah. Two and one. I I should be three and oh I thought I won that fight. But You know what, at the end of the day, if I was to spend a year, two years just practicing nothing but MMA, I'll watch all them girls. Are you done With MMA? No, I think I got one more fight with them. One more fight and then they may come with a new contract. But in a way it's so weird. Like I be telling myself not to say it because anything I speak it always come true. But I, I wanna take off a year and a half, two years of boxing and spend it on nothing but MMA and I want to fight in the PFL tournament and become PFL World Champion at the same time as being boxing champion.


Mm. And I always get mad at myself. 'cause it's like girl MMA is not your thing. You know like you're a great fighter, you love fighting, but MMA is not your thing. You know, it's, it's actually harder than boxing to me. But I still find a way to beat these girls up. You, you always moving up in weight classes, like you said you just, you did MMA. Do you do that because there's not enough competition for you in women's boxing? No, it's plenty of competition. These girls are scary. Like listen, I've told the girls at 47 and 54, y'all put your belts up and y'all wanna fight against me. I will get my fat ass down there with y'all. I'll, I'll lose the weight but it gotta make money and it gotta make sense.


But to go to 47, which I haven't fought at yet to go there would make me a six time division world champ. But I ain't just finna go there just to say I went there. You Think you lose your power If you drop down that month? I think it depends on how I lose the weight. I have a great nutrition team shout out to perfecting athletes. I've been working with them for so many years. People was telling me that I couldn't make 154 and my nutritionist was like, actually Clarissa, you can make 1 47 And. I'm like, y'all a lie. Y'all a lie. But they was like, but If you only wanna go down to 54. That's what we get you down to. And they, and they got me down there two or three times. How hard Is that to make like certain weights? I know it's very hard. I mean look like you naturally skinny or whatever.


Yeah I am You know but people in my family are not okay. Like if I didn't work out I'd be big as a house. What you're eating, I mean your shape is great but I don't know that part doesn't like does that affect you like having that family history? I don't know what you eating is like, like is it certain times where you like man I just wish I could just do a burger today and chill. Well it is, it's a thing of like one, I'm trying to build a healthier relationship with food because of my family history. But for me, I've been an athlete my whole life. So I've lost 35 pounds for a fight within seven weeks. Whoa. You know I've lost 40 pounds. But I do that because I'm extra locked in on my goal now I just tell myself not to get so heavy to where I have to lose all that weight.


But if I was to go down to 47 it, it would be hard. And it consists of a lot of greens, grains, protein and water. You know people think that you supposed to eat less and drink less when you losing weight. And it's actually the complete opposite. You know I still can't eat four times a day with portion meals and drink a gallon of water a day or even a gallon and a half when I'm losing weight. So it's not really a thing of people go down to the weight classes and they're starving themselves. My nutrition team don't let me do that. They're like, look, you gotta eat eat when I'm not hungry. They're like, you gotta force yourself to eat. Like my, like my stomach's getting smaller, I made it eat the meat. They're like, no you need to eat the vegetables and eat the grains. So I have a very strict nutrition team and they're like, this is what we have to do.


So once they tell me what we have to do, I do that. They do their job. And, I do my job, which is train and get prepared for the fight. 'cause rather no matter what weight I'm at is still my job to fight. And then of course to win. Do you always watch your food? 'cause I seen you in Shreveport and there wasn't too many healthy options was gonna, did they travel with you? 'cause that's, yeah, that's a level a lot of tough in Shreveport. Nah, like I'm off of fighting right now. I just won two weeks ago. So I can eat what I Want to eat What you want or Right. I Went to Orlando, shout out to them. You went to Orlando out in now Shreveport. Oh my God. Oh I love that place. Wasn't that What the best food I done had in a minute. You was 1 75 for the last fight though, right? Yeah. I read that you gained 15 pounds of muscle.


I did. Okay. I actually got up to, from my weight class where I was at, I got up to 180 And I had lose five pounds to get back down to 75. But all the, all the weight that I gained was, man, it was not, I was squatting 250 pounds damn binging 185 pounds, like hitting it one, two and now 185 is is heavy. I mean, I ain't gonna say it's heavy for a woman, but I remember when it was time when I couldn't even hit 1 35. So to be able to hit 1 35, 10, 12 times and didn't go up to 50 and to, to be able to do 180 5 twice. I was like, God dang, I'm scared of myself. Yes. That's me. You, you, you said something earlier too. You said you're trying to build a healthy relationship with food. Yeah. Is that because you came from a place where they had all these food deserts and they didn't have the best food options?


Is that what that was? That's why No diabetes and heart problems running my family. Yeah. Yeah. So I just don't wanna deal with that. You know. I'm hoping that genetically when I have my kids that they don't have to deal with that. So I wanna be as healthy as, as as I can be so it don't pass down to them. Like I have, I have a, I have a leg disease. Like I don't have any cartilage around my patella really? So we can pop out all the time. Thank God. How You doing MMA for? Hey somebody running them knees. Hey it doesn't happen. You know So, but the doctor just told me that what I dislocated my knee in 2019 and he x-rayed. And he said I'm surprised it hasn't popped out more because You know you don't have no bone around it.


Wow. And I was like, really? I'm like, it's never, it's never happened to me. He like, you never like made a false step and it went to pop out. I'm like, nah, this just, this just happened so well maybe you shouldn't Have said that. So now your opponent will be like, I'm going right For the knees. Opponent's gonna get hit right in their mouth. Okay. Damn. I ain't even love the way you talking. You talking. I ain't planned. When you be fighting right, like your last fight and you said she was coming at you, how hard is it to not resort back to just the street? Like just thinking, oh I'm being attacked. Brawling just focusing and doing what Shao told you to do or what you've been trained to do. I'm a natural born street fighter. Like I street fight better than I box. That's why I telling these girls in the streets, you do not wanna mess me in the streets. Like, like I fight to kill.


Like nah. I got the same mindset inside the ring and outside the ring when it, when it comes to a fight. And that's to what is that to dismantle you, to get you off? Me to, to stop the fight. I got the same mentality in boxing MMA and street fighting. It really doesn't, it really doesn't change for me now up in the street fight, it's win at any means necessary. If I got to hit you upside your head with a brick, I will. But Don don't ever think I'm coming into no fight at a disadvantage for people That you you not just out here like fighting in the streets. Girl Do do you. I got on the for you Jesse girls, you Crazy. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't even be out street fight. You gotta get, you gotta pay the back to fight As long as Okay because the way you said it was made it sound a little recent.


I'm like it's no way. That was old courtesy Was old courtesy Too much. Did The jewelry pull up on the troll though? You you Did. No, the troll put up on me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. See now that's different. Somebody pull up on you, you got like, why would you pull up on her? This the thing, when I was in Atlanta training at his field gym, I had these two coaches, coach Caron and Coach Ty find me sparring. I don't know much about Atlanta. I was just doing my first training camp there. So I told 'em my only sparr against men. So they got me two men and then for some reason they got her, they didn't know that she was a troll and she ain't making known to them either. Mm. So she had been fucking with you all while she Knew she was doing Oh what? Talking trash. Since December, if I showed you the DM you'd be like this crazy.


Like this girl's talking about something be I'm gonna knock you out. Be you woo bum. You only got what you got. 'cause I went to prison for three years. And I beat all the girls. Who you beating the pros and the amateurs. I'm like, what is wrong with this girl? So I told her like, look, this address in my gym in Flint, come to Flint And I and I'll work with you. And then all of a sudden she like f working. I like, like I wanna fight. I'm like you not even pro, but come to find out she was zero. She's zero and zero on box wreck. Mm. So she's a professional fighter. But she, I had came to the gym getting ready to spar and she in the gym warming up. I'm like, oh my god. Oh She was ready for for Action. I said this how this how you, first of all, I got almost a million followers on social media, right on Instagram.


Right. How can I recognize you out of a million people? That mean you did way too much? Because how I recognize just you bro. That's Right. You're Right. So when I seen her I said, oh my god, this, this, this girl And, I walk up. She and then I walk up, I'm like, what you doing here? She like, You know what I came here for. I said, what? I said, you here to inspire me. She said Yeah. I said, no you not. She said, yes I am. I said, I think I called her the B word And. I said You know I'm You know I'm about to fuck you up. Right. And she just was looking at me and then she got the yelling, popping stuff, just talking, talking, talking. And everybody was like, Chrissy just go get dressed.


I'm like, I'm gonna give you one round. She was like, tried to leave, grab her suitcase. Oh I don't want one round. I need two rounds. I'm like, you not gonna last past the first one. I'm telling you, I'm telling you that now. Never seen a girl fight day in my life. I just knew, man, you talking to the pound, pound best woman fighter in The World. You think you can't do anything with me? You crazy. I went and got dressed. I told her, I said, yeah, I'll give you two rounds. Went in there 30 seconds over. Yeah. One of them punches. She, I think she realized she was in over round. Yeah. She was like, The first one probably hit her. She Like, right, no more Ds all lie, you gonna look at it. Actually when I hit her, I jumped at her and she got the bounce and she said, come on with it.


I said, I am just hold on. And then as soon as she got right by that corner, it was over Bung, boop boop Boop boop boop. I hit her with a body shot too. I think she kind of went to the bathroom a little bit. Damn. Lights. Yeah. So you never heard from her again in your dms, huh? No, she wrote me, She, she wrote me. The attitude was different. She Right attitude had to be Different set up. She said, you only landed two shots. I'm like, okay. I laughed at her, I'm like, you crazy For sure. And then she was like, why you untag me? Oh you untagged me on the post. I said, because you reported my video. I'm trying to get my Instagram took it down. No. And she was like, no I didn't do that. I said, yes you did. You're the only person who I tagged. I know you, you reported my video so that's why I untagged you.


I'm like, but go on worldstar like, like they didn't tag you, but you can tag yourself in the comic because your dumb ass made worldstar. Damn. Damn. Mm. Yeah. What means more to you being a world champion in five different weight classes or winning two Olympic gold medals? Ooh. Wow. Wow. Charmagne. Why, why, why, why you do that? Because I saw somebody ask Carmelo Anthony the same thing but You know what I'm Shout out to Melo. Honestly. Like none of this would be possible without, here ain't my purse Without you pull out another belt that limping metals in the purse. Yeah. I carry my stuff around. Wow. Epic.


Why do you carry your stuff around? Because who else can pull out gold medal? All they purse, you Ain't lying. Right. Can I hold it? Yeah. Y'all heavy. It's heavy. Can I see the Other one? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh wow. Because they asked mellow what means more like, would he trade his three medals for a NBA championship? That's what they asked him. Yeah. Well Honestly, like none of this would be possible without me winning the Olympics. Right. You know, like me being A, World, Champ, all these different weight classes. It all started with winning the Olympics at 17 2012. And then it continued with 2016. So I feel like if I wasn't a two time Olympic champion, And I was trying to turn pro without my two Olympic gold medals, it would've been super hard for me because when I fought on TV 2016 or 17, a woman hadn't fought on TV in 20 years.


Wow. Like a woman boxer hadn't fought on TV in 20 years. Wow. So it just like, ah, yeah I got the, I got to be the one to change the game, but I wouldn't have been able to get the opportunity. I think even though as being a great, as a boxer as I am, if I didn't have the accolades, the two Olympic gold medals to back it up. What did you think about the Olympics controversy this year? Oh my god. You talking about a a a a main Kif. The Algerian boxer? Yeah. The, she's a woman but she tested with XY chromosomes. Yes. Something crazy like that. You know what? Honestly, I hate that they ran with the whole transgender thing and they did what they did to her in the Olympics because I couldn't imagine me being in the Olympics and me getting ready to fight and people are like, oh, you're a man.


Like, like I couldn't imagine that. And this is like, the post supposed to be the most exciting time of her life. So everybody had misinformation. And, I think that she's right to sue whoever started the whole thing. Like I heard she's suing Elon Musk and somebody else. Yeah girl get that money. And she got a gold medal too. So hey, congrats to her. But to the girl who like, oh, she hit me harder than I've ever been hit before. Soft, Damn Soft. Hang it up. You shouldn't even be in the ring. Damn. I, I spa against men. I ain't never been hit that hard where I'm like, lemme get the hell up outta here ever. And I've been hit to where I couldn't chew for three days and with like a hook. So I'm like, I I still didn't get out the ring like man, yeah he hit me so hard.


I just what that, that's soft. Would you fight though if the money was right? Who mean Amman Khali, Dj. Who you talking to? You Talking to me. You saying would I Fight her? Yes ma'am. Would she Fight me? Oh you're right. What? Come on now. Stop playing. If The money was right. So you would do It if the money Wasn't right. What Talking about Because You know she's lost like nine times. Oh yeah. Damn. Because she got a, a Ex-wife. Whatever. She was born a woman. Yeah. She's a woman. Absolutely. A woman Can't beat me. What? That's crazy. Would You fight her? Yeah. Crazy. I wouldn't fight You know If I say line them up from what I've seen her boxing.


I'm like she couldn't beat the 17-year-old Claressa no matter what weight. I think she's like a 1 47. One 40. Please. You too crazy. So Do you still wanna fight a mailbox boxer? Some of 'em, they be running they mouth. I still wanna put my hands on a few of 'em. Yeah. Who In particular? Keith Thurman. I wanna punch 'em in his mouth. Damn. And I don't care What y'all say? Jake Paul. And I beat me in no fight. Stop it. Did y'all watch the fight with Mike Perry? Skills? Pay the bills and Mike Perry was not skilled at all. He all grit and muscle. Jake. Paul. He so you my nerve. I said this before I, I got Clarissa over Jake. Paul Man Talk man. Come on man. Real, I don't Care what y'all say. Real. I got C over Jake.


Paul Real. So you definitely don't think he's gonna be Tyson then. Tyson 58. We see this. What this make you mad with y'all? This is not an 18-year-old Tyson. 2130. This is 58. Yeah. He don't get no scrapes. If he beat Mike Tyson, he Probably got like a good 1, 2, 3 good rounds in him and If. you don't knock Jake Paul out then What? I'm gonna have to fight Jake Paul. For real. He hurt Uncle Mike Tyson. I might, I I come in in the ring. I support that. What? I'm gonna be right front row. Don't Jake got a woman fighter too? I can't remember her name. Or somebody be a woman that be fighting under car. She already Said no woman could be here. Ah, see we not, we're not gonna, Amanda Serrano is her name. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. She thinks she quote 2.0.


But she's the real deal. Amanda Serrano seven time division. World champ. Great fighter. Great fighter. I have a lot of respect for her. Is she a better fighter than me? No. No, but Jake Paul tries to call her the G goat and that's because he don't like me. But I'm gonna keep shining on him and showing him like you got baby quote big quote over here. Yeah. Is that a fight that'll ever happen or is If she wanna come to 47 and 54? Yeah. Where she at now? 40. 40. Okay. She went, she came all the way from like 1 18, 1 1 12 and got all the titles from like one 18. What is it?


I think it's 1 18, 1 22, 1 26, 1 30, 1 35, 1 40. Yeah. If I got it right. Why he don't like you just 'cause you be telling him you're a whooping. Yeah. And I said I'll never fight on an undercard of him. He's not a world champion. How you mad at that? He not an ex world champion either. He not finna have a gold fighting on an under no damn Jake Paul. I don't care how big he is or how many fans you got. No, But that's 'cause you are, you're an actual boxer so you respect the sport. So I'm an actual champion. Champion. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I I don't even think Amanda Serrano should be fighting under card to him. But it like, like that's her choice. Amanda Serrano wasn't really that big til she got with Jake Paul. So I think she's super grateful for him.


But in real life, in real time, you're a seven time division world champion. He's not, you should always be the top of the bill to show like that respect to the sport. But a if she like being on the under card, go ahead. But I'm not being on on the card. Nobody but Champions You know Champions and that's Terrence Crawford, Shao Stevenson, Devin Haney. Guys like that. Canelo Usik. Alright. I'm not, I'm not being on on the under crowd. I know Jake Paul. Who you got in the Shao ante Davis fight. Come on man. You don't know me already. Jako You know I got Shakur. Wait, Wait where I got, it's not Tank.


See, this is why I want people to understand like I'm not, I'm, I'm not a tank hater. People think that I am because we had our little dispute or whatever, but no, like, I love how Tank Box, the dude got power. He explosive, he fast. The dude, he a full package. I just think that Shakur is a better boxer now. I wish Shakur had to be on his a game to beat Javonte. Yes. I grew up, I I came up in an amateurs with Javonte when we were like silver gloves and all that stuff together. He used to get out boxed in the amateurs You. know what I'm saying? But he was always a powerhouse. Always the strongest, always explosive. But guys could still beat him. I think Shakur has a style to beat him and people are, and, and, and Shakur is tougher than what everybody giving him credit for.


Shakur is a hell of a boxer. And I don't, it'd be a tough fight for both of them, but I think that Shakur would come out on top. Especially if he can avoid getting hit and make 'em pay. That's what I've been talking to Shakur about. Yeah, you make a miss but make these dudes pay when they miss. Nobody should be swinging at you and then nothing coming back. These guys should be getting tatted up. So I feel like if he can do that good versus Javonte. I feel like he can win. But man, If Javonte touch him though, that's the biggest thing. Well I mean Eric, hey you gotta touch him more than once too. Shakur got chin. Yeah. We ain't ever seen Jaco get dropped. He got Chin too. His Defense is immaculate. That's why people say he's a boring fighter. I'm like, nah, he is just a defensive fighter.


Yeah, but defense is immaculate. I don't know what everybody was talking about at the fight up in Jersey, but I had a great time. I was in the second row. I was like doing like live commentating from I listen, he was whooping that dude. And then when the dude got on his wheels, I was screaming, where? Where? Because y'all talking about Sha court being on his wheels now he backing homeboy up and got him running and ain't nobody giving Sha record no bros. Yeah. Talking about all but but he ain't knock him out so he beat him up. That's right. What about Canelo? Langa, what's your think, what's your thoughts? Hmm. I wish Canelo was fighting against Benavidez. Yeah, I don't, I don't think that Langa is a strong fighter and it's a good fighter and he's my friend.


I just think that he don't have enough experience to be in there with somebody. What is Canelo? 50 and something? Yeah, I, I don't know. I think that Barga is young and stuff, but I think his experience is gonna be his downfall in that, in that fight. But he can't use his You know youth and try to come out there strong and hard and push the fight early and maybe get Canelo tired to where his power don't be that effective. But no, I think, I think Canelo gonna do that. But I wanna see Canelo versus Benavidez. That's the fight. You sound like


You got your text, your text ready to December long as the summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you scan your Coca Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are worth talking about. Like their deal on the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. Any year, any condition the deal's so good, it'll have you shouting from the rooftops. So get yourself down the street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at and t connecting changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Finding the Right News podcast can feel like dating. It seems promising until you start listening. When you hit play on post reports, you'll get fascinating conversations and sometimes a little fun too. I'm Martine Powers. And I'm Ella. Hey Azadi. Martine And I are the hosts of Post Reports. The show comes out every weekday from the Washington Post. You can follow and listen to post reports wherever you get your podcasts. It'll be a match I promise.


Modo Us


Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience. Wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@mo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website for details.


Hello Joe. After the fight, like keep your head up. When one door closes, another one opens. Nah, I for you. It's for you. Yeah. When they hit you with that You know you You know like, all right, thank you. No, I just know like some fights just be a long car ride home in silence. Dang. And I. Think You know he, he may have to experience that, but hopefully he got some good people around him where it's the good with little ride. Put some music on and stuff. You know I was looking at Box Raw and they had you as the number two greatest woman's boxer of all time. Behind box rec. No Box. Box Raw Box raw.com. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Behind Lucia.


Richer Riker. Riker. I'm sorry. Okay. You know I don't, I don't even know who I've never heard of Lucia Riker, CIA Riker. She was 17 in oh 14 K old. Yeah. Yeah. CIA Riker was back in the day. She's not a better fighter than me, but I mean it's, it is not a bad place to be number two to her. I guess she's one of my favorite female fighters. What do you think you would have to do to for, for them to put you at number one? I don't even care. Hmm. It's a list of somebody who made it up who probably never boxed before. I don't know. But I know as far as in me, you watch Lucia tape and you watch my, and you watch my tapes and you watch all the other girls' tapes and you look and you see what I can do and what they can do.


And, I believe I come out on top every time it it If. You're looking at it from a boxing standpoint. Now If, you looking at it If you like my, my personality or my trash talk or all that stuff. Then maybe you be like, oh yeah, she's not ladylike. Let me make her numbers down, whatever. But If, you are looking at it from just boxing standpoint. I box like I box so good that Terrance call me Twin. So that's the difference. Right, right. Yeah. People get at you about like your personality and your energy and all that. 'cause I love it. Yeah. Like you talk heavy people be You know everybody can't talk like how I talk And, I definitely can't back it up. So I think it comes off to be intimidating to them and they wish they that, that they can be like me. But does it heighten in the ring?


Like do you have a Altered Ego or is it like, oh yeah, what you mean Claressa right now. But Lorenzo is who I am inside the range. Zo heard, I think I told y'all this before. Yeah. Lorenzo do not play. Like I start transforming in the locker room actually like the week of the fight. So Lorenzo be trying to come out sometime and then like my assistant be like, Lorenzo, chill out. I'm be all right. My bad, my bad. Like Lorenzo is actually maybe, maybe Lorenzo is like a Iman Klif You know it's not, I don't say that Lorenzo is a man. I don't say that Lorenzo is a woman. It's just a person who I get inside the ring and I'm just myself.


So I don't really put like a, a gender on it. I don't know if that's weird, but I I get what You're saying. Yeah. I just don't put a gender on it. I just go in there and inside of the ring I can be who I really want to be. I don't have to You know, be nobody else or I think it's actually hard for me to be nice because so many people get on my nerves and I'm always having to be nice to them. What You mean what gets on your nerves? Just in life? You mean what in Life people get on my nerves. I don't, I don't like You're the Nicest person ever. People. Yes I am, but it's just like I to keep she She her nail keep. Yes. But I do have to keep the peace honestly. Like some stuff I'd be like, Chrissy, just let it go. Don't even say nothing because as soon as somebody do something I don't like, I be like, hold on, I gotta checky right then and there.


I can't wait till tomorrow or the moment. It's like, I gotta get you right then and there and people be with this whole business. You gotta be professional and kind of keep it cool And that's actually like, it it be hard for me to Do you feel like you have to do that 'cause you're a woman fighter? Because I don't And I do that because I'm a professional. And also too, like I hurt people feelings. Like I, as you can see, I don't bite my tongue or nothing like that. And I don't even wanna bite my tongue. It is what it is. When does the T-Rex come out? Hmm? When does the T-Rex come out? They still call you T-Rex, right? It's the G Goat now. Okay, so you, you don't, you don't even use the T-Rex nickname no more.


Okay. Okay. But people still call me that 50 call me that he call me that and Clare Shields. Now I met 50 in Shreveport. That was the first time y'all met. So I met 50 here at the bar class. It was a fight going on, but he just saw me and was like T-Rex And I was like 50 cent, but I wasn't able to get no picture. I wasn't really able to to holler at him You, know what I'm saying? I was able to actually talk to him and holler at him up in Shreveport. So I'm happy that he followed me from then till now. Gotcha. And you have a Biopic coming up, A real movie? It's gonna be, this ain't no TV shit. It's on Firing Side. It's called the Firing Side. It's directed by Barry Jenkins, the Stars, Ryan Destiny.


How did that all come about? I don't know. That's crazy. They started movie T-Rex, my documentary, which was very raw and it's me, I'm being followed around at school to the Olympics and my one loss and my home life. So they saw that and they wanted to redo that but in a movie way. So who saw it? Barry Jenkins, I think Barry Jenkins saw, yes. Okay. And at the time, first Universal Studios picked it up, then with Covid and everything happened. MGM studios picked it up. Wow. So that's, we have the movie now. It dropped on Christmas all over theaters in The World actually, not just the USA, but man it's crazy.


So they were asking me who I thought should play me. I thought Nafisa Williams should play me. That's what sis Yeah. Like I love her, I love her. Same here. She's from Philly so I thought she should play me. But then they're like, oh we did her, we did Ryan Destiny, we did a few others. And I was just hoping. I was just like, I don't wanna be ki a Kiki Palmer. It's not that I don't like Kiki Palmer, it's just that she plays in every sports movie when it's a woman. So I'm like, not Kiki Palmer. That's all I was thinking. But I didn't say that if it would've been her, I'd have been just as happy. But I don't think anybody could have portrayed me better than Ryan Destiny. Wow. She's from Detroit. Dark skin like me. Great skin.


Very nice person. Beautiful. How much time did she have to spend with you? We spent a lot of time on FaceTime. When she was doing like her scenes and stuff, she would call me like, Hey, I'm doing this scene. It got me and your mom in it. Like can you explain to me, well how y'all relationship was? She said, because from my knowledge it was like this. I'm like, no relationship was like this. And she's like, okay, okay. She had to train boxing for about a year. 'cause I tell them, whatever y'all do, do not play with my boxing. Please don't. If if I see this film in my and her boxing is bad, y'all might as well go ahead and wrap it up. And they're like, oh no. Well Ron, I said, have her trained, get her ready.


And they, and they got her ready. She trained with the guy who was it for? Black Panther. Who, who trained the people for Black Panther. Okay. So that's, that's what she trained with. I I, I don't know his name, sorry. But that's what she told me she trained with and he got her together. When you see the film, you gonna be like, wow. And it was, and they did a great job with the storytelling and everything. Charlotte, Barry Jenkins, I, I spent Barry, No joke. Barry went to Oscar, Barry did Moonlight Bag. Yep. Bill Street. Barry. Ain't no joke. I spent a lot of time with him. We talked for like three, four hours and he was like, so tell me about your life story or what do you want to be portrayed? Da da da. And I did. I told him and man did he do, he did a better job than I ever could have explained my story.


The only thing that I didn't like, one thing, I've been whooping these boys since I was 11 years old. I ain't lying to you. The first time I sparred, I bust the boy up. They got in a movie at the beginning where it shows me as a young girl in the gym with all boys, which was true. But it showed me in the gym where I think I got beat up or something. Or like a boy was taking it easy on me and he was able to beat me up. Never happened. Never happened. Never happened. No. Only thing didn't happen. How Did they explain that to you? Oh, we gotta do this for the story. Dramatic effect though. I just, that was, they spin on it. But I said, you guys have to know, like I've been dominant in boxing since I started. I've always known how to fight.


I didn't know how to box. But when I channel my anger to my boxing, everything turned out good. Is there one person that beat you as a kid that you be like, I gotta go see him. Like maybe when you a ten nine? What you mean? I gotta go see him. I got, I gotta go fight Him. Like he beat you up when you were nine, 10. He'd be like, I got, I need my get back. No. Savannah Marshall beat me in the amateurs. I was 77 wins one loss in the amateurs. And I always told her, I'm gonna get you back. And I got her back. 10 years later I beat her for the undisputed championship in front of 2 million people watching worldwide. The most watched women's boxing fight of all time. And I beat her in front of 20,000 of her fans in the UK at the oh two Arena. It was the bittersweet feeling. Bittersweet Only person that ever beat you.


Yep. And the movie will be out Christmas. Christmas, And, I. Can't wait to see that. I can't wait to see it. I know. Was it hard to watch What? I was shook just the whole time. I'm just like, what is this? What's going on? What's going on? And I'm looking at it and Ryan's playing me so good. But I'm looking at, it's kinda like I have to relive all this stuff that I've, I may have moved on from or that I'm not involved with anymore. You know. So watching it, I'm like dang it was rough back then. We did have to go without this and that. We did like this did happen. You know you did win win a Olympic gold medal and came back home to not one endorsement. Mm Wow. Not one endorsement. Not one You didn't make no front covers or no magazines.


Yeah. Didn't get no endorsements. You got 50 K for winning your gold medal and you got a 50 k bonus of being the only person to win a gold medal for team USA. But you didn't get, I came back to the same house. I went to school. I didn't really have anything. Basically I just had my gold medal and the little money I won. But instant Olympic clothes. But that's it. What was Your first endorsement? You black. Was it because you black a woman bad representation. Which one? Combination of all three. You know when? When I think about it now, And I say this You know humbly. I think about it now that it just wasn't my time. You know, I think that all I wanted to do was be a great boxer.


I didn't care about the image. The look You know how you should wear your hair, how you should talk, what you should say, what you shouldn't say. Say I only cared about winning the Olympic gold medal. That's why when I had my hair braided, I left one braid out, just my hair sticking up. 'cause I wanted to wear fro like Sugar Ray Leonard. But the USA team would not allow it. USA boxing, they were like, no, you gotta get your whole, you gotta get your hair braided. So when they got to the last bra said leave it out, I gotta it for I could be somehow. And I think that I just didn't have, I didn't have people around me that were knowledgeable of the whole image part of it. You know. So, and it really didn't matter to me either.


My only goal was to win the gold medal. And I did that. And now going to my second Olympics, I had everything. I had magazine covers, I had endorsement deals, sponsorships, I had a lot of things going that I was able to carry on to the pros. What was your first endorsement? The first person that stepped up and said we want to do business with you. Was it Dick's Sporting Goods? I think it was Dick's Sporting Goods. And then I had to deal with Under Armour for they shoes. I had to deal with Power Aid. But Dick's was the first one to step up. I think Dick's was the first one to step up. Yep. You not gonna pause that. You just going just Dick's Sporting Goods. I know. No, you don't gotta pause it. He gotta pause. He just like, Dick's wasn't the first one to step up like, God damn Jesus.


You Guys are sick. So now you got the Faces of Boxing podcast. Yeah. You got your Yeah. Yeah. Your partner. I see Crystal. That Michael. Yeah. So He ready to box. He work out. Put this right here. Yeah. So this is Ro he from Atlanta. What's up popping Char man, you wear hats? Yes sir. Thank you brother. And it's matching you too. Thank you sir. Sir, One of the, one of the owners and co-hosts of the face of the boxing podcast tv. I actually gave him the floor we met in Atlanta during my, during my training camp. This is one of the coaches that hooked me up with the sparring. Shout out to him for having Demetrius come.


And that's the dude I caught a bear that roughed me up. But we can both agree that toward the end of camp I was roughing bear up. But I I I, I actually thank him for laying out the red carpet and being a huge part of my camp. And now we gonna do some episodes together on the face of the boxing podcast TV and yeah, go and gimme your spiel. So I am Coach Chiro outta his field boxing gym is where they know me at. Out in Atlanta, Georgia. If you ever in Georgia. Definitely stop by his field Bison Gym and shout out to all my partners, Brian, Byron, Manu Jones salute y'all. 'cause they opened the doors. But I'll be honest with you, man, the biggest door that got open was the big quote herself.


I, I just You know. I I stopped everything I was doing. I was training heavy. 'cause it, it dates back to 2017, I started my fitness company called Greenhouse Fitness and You know this is a company where I'm training celebrities. I'm training athletes. Even exotic You know dancers in Atlanta Magic Cities. Follies. Man, I was known as the BBL trainer. At one point they was looking at me like, man, you training all these girls with BBLs. That's why they so athletic in Atlanta on the poles now to make all the streets from The, World You know. But to be honest, just because you got a BBL, that don't mean you can't work out. They still keep they self in shape. So we grinding You know and I'm a family man, so married kids I get kind of hectic.


So I'm like, look, let me transition back into my passion, which was boxing since I was a kid. You know my, my cousin, cousin Butch, he like 75 now. He used to spar with Ali's and the greatest, he just never made it. So in my situation I said, let me get in boxing, but let me do it from the pad work side. Let me get into the coaching side. And it was just a beautiful thing. So we start the gym hits field boxing gym. They gimme me the phone call. They say, look, Claressa Shields, she want to come out to y'all gym and she wanna start her training camp in Atlanta for her big fight. And I said, huh? Who? They said, Claressa Shields. I said, alright. I'm dropping everything I'm doing and I'm coming right to her a with open arms, with big arms.


I'm coming Big arms. I get on my nerves. So She come out, shout out Coach Ty. That's my dog, my brother. He put it all together too. He got the sparring. Yep. One of my fighters. Demetrius Big Bear. Yeah, DEMA Wright. He was the guy who I told him, go rougher up. Push her back her up against the ropes. You told him, you told him go hard. Like I told him to go hard because I knew she was fighting to 12 round fight with a bigger woman. Yeah. So in my mind I'm like bro, you going to have to go hard on her and just push her. He's pushing her against the ropes. Literally the whole fight. The first time they sparred. Yep. And but mind you, she's doing the same thing. Bobbing, weaving on the ropes. So come fight night.


I'm knowing she's ready. The same exact thing happened in fight. Yeah. And sparring happened. That's crazy. In, in the fight. You want credit so bad. But yeah, I'm like, I done said thank you all the times. Thank you for the pride. Thank you for the man. I'm like, I'm a genius because I knew this what she needed and she didn't back down. She said nah, like tell 'em to come on. Like I really wanna fight 'em. She didn't back. She didn't not one time turn it down. That's what she Stood. That's what I understand when they were talking about like all dudes be going easy and sparring. It's like no, nobody job is to knock out their sparring partner. But can't no dude get in the ring and just be like, oh, I'm about to take it easy on her. You gonna get beat up in there. You be, you better get in here and hit me. You better get your respect because If, you don't, Hey gon try to hit you with everything.


Clever said. How did you find his gym? Like when they called him your backstory, how did you find the gym? Like how did You know of like what made you guys reach out to him? We met before, I can't remember exactly how we met, but We had met before. So Andre Derrell, shout out. Okay. Professional boxer retired Andre Derrell. So he was actually You know my brother, my plug and he's on the podcast too. Gotcha. You. So he's the guy who has the boxing knowledge for our podcast to make everybody tune in. And then I'm a co-founder and then my guy Coach Ray sitting back there, he's also a co-founder and owner. So they got Coach Ray, they got retired boxer Andre Durrell who's now on the Andre Ward and Andre Burdo show. They do a segment for You know All the Fight or You know basically the all the smoke.


All the smoke. Yep. But it is the fight segment. So with that being said, that's how we got traction really with him. So shout out Andre Derrell again and he gave me the call. He said, my sis wanna come down, make sure you look out for her. And she had a great training Camp Media Day and that's where we brought the media in because she said, look, I see what y'all doing. Y'all got a great media team. Y'all covering everything. I don't even have to tell y'all nothing. And I said, look, we got a podcast, the Faces of Boxing podcast tv. Y'all can also follow us on a YouTube. Yeah. Subscribe. Like Definitely comment. We need a thousand subscribers. We had like 410 we Started, we need thousand subscribers. You know. So let's get it, get It going. Definitely. Definitely. So right now go follow us on, on Instagram too at the face of boxing podcast TV.


And pretty much like I say with this podcast is to bring the old fighters and the new fighters together. 'cause everybody wanna know who's the face of boxing, right? And we know it's, it's questionable. They gonna say Canelo, they gonna say Bud Crawford, they might say Tain Tank. Yeah, but guess what in a woman's faces of boxing is the big quote. So it's like you can't just leave out the many different faces. So that's why the name just stuck. 'cause everybody want to know who's the face. But guess what, it's many different faces. It is. I trained with professional fighters. Elijah Pierce, he has a fight in Atlanta, August 30th at the OTE Arena, Tito Lopez and Brian Norman Jr. Out of Atlanta, the WBO champ that y'all may not know right now, but he just got the strap 'cause Crawford moved up.


So now he's elevated the champ and he fights at our gym. So the city is about to be lit, Atlanta's about to be lit. When she come back to State Farm Arena, we want to sell that joint out and have a big crazy card. And Atlanta's embracing her like no other. Like it's, yeah, it is just the love is what all brought us together. It wasn't even about the money, the finances, it was about the legacy and the history supporting her in her journey. So that's really all it, all it really been. But as far as the podcast, y'all saluted and y'all definitely put a stamp on it. I appreciate y'all for having us. Absolutely. Yep. How how important is it for, for boxers to control they own narratives like that? Like to have their own media platform? It's very important. You know, when I first, when I first turned pro, I had two Olympic gold medals.


And I think that my story was the angry black woman who was raped when she was a kid and she hate men. And, and, and now she had to learn how to fight to defend herself from men. And she just hated everybody. I had. I had a terrible image like And I didn't realize how terrible it was till I was winning all these fights. And I had all these world titles and at the beginning and one of my fans was like, I'm I'm a little scared of you. And I was like, what you mean? Because like DJ Envy, DJ Envy said, I'm the nicest person ever. The nicest every time I see you out, you so nice, you so loving. You take pictures with everybody. You speak to everybody. Most killers Are I do, right? Most right. No, so was She was upstairs in her room.


I was like, I'll bring Carissa down. I'm like, all right. She's down talking to people, taking pictures. Just the nicest person ever. Yeah. So that's how I've always been. But how I was portrayed And, I have to say it was Showtime that was portraying. 'cause they had all the stuff. They were the ones putting out the, the videos. And when they're putting out videos of you winning a fight and then a girl jumping in the ring in your face and you ready to whoop her and whoop her brother and whoop her team, it make you look like you're angry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it was like, no, I'm just zero tolerance of bull crap. Right. And, I don't like disrespect. But once that one fan told me that, that they were scared of me. And I was going to all these other events, And I would see fans looking at me and they'll be scared to approach me. I had to make it known like I am not, I am not that I am not mad, angry.


I had my trials and tribulations when I was a kid, but nah, this ain't that. Like I'm a woman first. Like I love my fans. I love like walk up to walk up to me, get a picture, get a video, And I do a drop for you, whatever. Just you ain't gotta be scared of me 'cause If you only be intimidated or scared of me If, you think you gonna fight me. Right? Right. Because that's when my switch cook. You know that's when I click on. But nah, you ain't gotta be scared of me. So that's why now like I feel like now it's like beauty in boxing for me. Like I show my beautiful side and my funny side and my good side, but also too in the ring. I can't help to, I can't help but show you that I'm a beast for real. But that's just my job.


At the end of the day. I'm still a beautiful woman. I want children, I want a family. I wanna have kids. Boxing is just my passion. Like I just love fighting. But that doesn't mean that I wanna be a man. I don't wanna be no man. Even in his next lifetime, I think my life would've been a little bit easier if I was a man. You know. But I don't wanna be a man You know like, nah, You gonna take off to have kids Take off now I'm gonna, I'm gonna train all through my pregnancy. Hold on. What what mean train. Yeah. I'm not gonna spar, but I'm gonna train Like work out. Oh, workout. Okay. What? Listen, but no sparring with the big guy against the ropes. No. Do y'all, I'm not about lose this body for no kids.


I gotta out listen, after I have my kids, they not gonna have no fat mama. I'm sorry. I I, I talk with fat boy For real. Like I crack those type of jokes. I mean Lord forgive me but Do do not come messing me. I'm not big back shamer Clarissa. I've heard about this and you are Terrible. You are terrible. I'm saying that for me. Like do not come talking trash to me and you fat because I got some jokes for you. That's It. Like you better leave me alone because I can crack a, a couple jokey jokes I'm gonna make, I'm gonna make you wanna fight me. Like nah. So I can't be a fat person 'cause people blaze on me. I might, my feelings hurt 'cause You know karma don't miss nobody.


I can't do that. It's just jokes. Do You get the, because you're so successful at what you do and you're in such a great place in life and you do wanna have kids, do you get the same pressures that like, like I get pressured, like when are you having kids but like you successes, like you physically have to be available for your success. Does your family pressure you in that way even though you have to be physically like in a certain like world to be successful still? If that makes sense. Yeah, I get asked all the time when I'm gonna have my kids And. I feel like it's really a thing with me. I planned out my whole life at the age of 13. I'm like, I'm gonna go to the Olympics, And I won Limit. I'm like at the age of 18 I'm gonna go back to Olympics again. And I said I'm gonna turn pro, I wanna be undisputed. So I've always planned my life out how I wanted it to be. I've been trying to do that with kids and my thing was at first like I wanna be married.


You know. It seems like I, I've been engaged You know, but You not no more. I've been engaged. Oh. Oh wow. But Marriage, like walking down the aisle and jumping across the room and be putting up with somebody forever, it's like I wanna do that. But it has to be like what I give you must give back. It has to be like, I can't feel your cup and then don't feel mine back. You know. So for me it's like I wanted to be a wife first before I have kids now when we be in 29, I might be turning 30 next year, year I'm like, maybe I should just have a kid with somebody. But I don't, I don't know if I wanna do that either.


So I really wanna be in a relationship with somebody who I like and love and have some kids and raise a kid up in a two parent home in a private school and all that good stuff. But You gotta find the right person though. Gotta Find the right person. How are you da like what's your dating life like? Like do you Oh I'm not even, I'm not even on that yet. Are you? There's a lot of guys trying to court me, but I just don't, I just don't care. Right now it's like focus. Is it the focus or is it you still dealing with the I was engaged Situation. All those great men in Detroit. I heard Detroit men take care. They do well all those You Know what I've actually heard a few different, I heard like Detroit, New York, Atlanta got some good men. That's what I've heard. I just got to New York. I don't Know. Oh you need a nice good southern man, Clarissa, that'd be good for you.


A nice man from down south. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or any, anywhere in the surrounding areas of Atlanta. But you Gotta be open to it though. You said you're not even now why though? Is it 'cause of work or is it because you're still figuring out that last Situation? No, like I've always had a boyfriend die my whole career. Got you. I ain't never been like really single. I've always been and been in relationships. I think right now I'm giving myself like an emotional break. I've always had to care about somebody's feelings. Girl. Yes. Like I'm a highly wanted woman and it's like you, I always have turned down men to make the man I'm with. So, so he comfortable. But it's like they don't, men don't stop hollering at you just because you engaged or you got a man. Like they just keep coming and it'd be a lot of, a lot of stars too.


So for me it's like I don't really wanna, You need somebody secure. Yeah. You watching online. I don't wanna date right now. Somebody sent a video in a group chat. I ain't gonna see it's just a lot of men in the group chat. Wasn't The picture of my way in man. Yes, My god. That's the body is baby. I was like, oh the body is You know. Man was like, yo, I ain't never looked at Clarissa like this show. And so the whole group Chad started talking and I'm like, yeah Clarissa, why Clarissa got on panties and a bra at the weigh in what I Supposed to wear. So the dude was like, somebody in the chat was like, why? I was like it's a weigh in bro. Like dudes be up there in they underwear. Like I, I didn't see the difference.


Go to Ebony Bridges, weigh-ins. Y'all know who that is. She's a boxer. Look her real quick. Look Up, lemme see Ebony Bridges. Her body like yours. Well she got way bigger breasts than me, but she got like the big, the big, big breasts. But she fight at like 1 30, 1 35, somewhere in there. Pop right up. Look at her weigh ins. She'd be on there with the real bras and the real lingerie. I just had on bra panties. Yeah, But ain't Body ain't ain't no melanin. No, that's what I'm saying. Lemme tell, Ain't even interested Even show me did I see that Versace dress. I saw that When you walked this, this a little different over You said Ebony, I thought I'm about to see more melanin. You said You. Know what I saying? But If, you Just need somebody that's gonna be secure with where they are with you And and he was secure.


It was just like for me, right. Like, like right now I just don't, I just don't wanna do that right now. Like have to put things that I want to the side to make somebody else happy. Right. And that's what I've been doing for a long time. Like not just with relationships, but family, friends, everybody want my time. Everybody want my money. Everybody want just everything. And it's like forget what Claressa want. Just make everybody else happy. And I always gonna put myself second, third You know to do that. Now I'm like man, I'm putting myself first. And I think a lot. A lot of people don't like it, but at the end of the day it's like y'all was doing stuff that I didn't like And I didn't say nothing. So let me live my life how I wanna live it. You know. And a lot of guys is courting me for sure. They may seem a little flirty, flirt whatever here and there, but I'm just Hmm.


I'm telling you that way in that way in went to the group chat and homie was like, y'all see Clarissa And Shred man dms like after that wedding. What? First of all on Facebook he got 14.9 million views. Drake definitely was in them. dms. What? Drake ain't DM me. He called You. If he did, I don't think I would even tell y'all all. No, but I No it is. Everybody was talking about the way, but the thing is, it's women's boxing so that's what you're gonna see. Like you're gonna see a good looking woman. All, all the women ain't built like no men.


I know damn sure to I'm not. I'm strong and all that stuff, but I look good. I Look good. Absolutely. I got a good body. And. I got a good face too. I'm just saying like, I think the whole stereotype of women's boxers are like butch and men. It's like I don't want that image on me. I ain't, I ain't Manly like, like I'm strong. And I kick your ass. But no, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't Manly be built though. That's why I didn't wanna go to 47 because I'm gonna lose my butt. I already ain't got no breasts. I mean I'm being being for real. I got, I'm like a Aup. So you think I'm gonna go on to 47? Be smaller. Aup And. I had no ass. You gotta pay me for that. I'm being For real. Y'all laughing stand like look you got something.


I don't. Yeah, see but I ain't you. Yeah. Hey I'm dragging back there. Yeah, we, yeah, we, it's like reverse. You give me a little bit And I give you a little bit. I think we'd be good. Yeah. Claressa Shields, ladies and gentlemen, the G quote, we appreciate you for joining us. Always let show and You gotta come back from when The Fire Inside come out, you should bring Ryan with you to promote the movie. That's right. Absolutely. I don't think y'all can handle both of us in the same room. I We gotta do it. Come on up. We gotta, we gotta make that a blockbuster. People Gotta go see that. I was about say Ryan is like, I'm energy, but Ryan is like, that's All right. Come on up. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna let her know I'm gonna text her. Absolutely. Claressa Shields. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning.


Wake That ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast, Club Mo Go us Visit Mo Do do us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins, and exciting promotions. Register today at Mo. Do us for your free welcome Bonus. Modo is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello, Go Us, I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No Purchase necessary B GW Group VoIP or prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions. Apply


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo.


Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution to great tasting. All natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed, oil, spillers or artificial nonsense. It's just pure goodness in every pouch. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. That's C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox. With AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.