
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring Spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms. Applies to orders over $35.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne. The God We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Kerry Sen. Welcome. Hi. Thank you. How you feeling? Oh man, I feel good. It's Been a, it's been a long time since we seen you back with some music. Where You been, how many times you done heard that question Since you've been making the rounds, where have you been? Where Have you been? A lot. I've been, I've been around. I've been alive clearly. I've been doing movies. I had been doing, making music, couldn't release it, but been around, definitely been around, been happy. How can you release it? Been finding my happy contractual issues, you know.


So is That all over now? That freedom? That's all over. I'm free. I belong to myself. Okay. I was an independent. Yeah. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah. Was that your choice? Yeah. Wow. I'm not like, 'cause really, 'cause I'm not the same girl I was at 20 when I signed that contract, however old I was. It was around that early twenties. Like I'm, I'm not that person anymore. Mm. And now I deserve a lot more say in my career and the decisions I make and the songs that I'm cutting and the, and releasing and, you know, I just, you deserve that control. You've, you've kind of outgrown things so People would think that, you know, as an artist you're able to do what you wanna do musically, but you're, you're basically saying that's not necessarily true.


It was not the case for me. I was signed to a label and a sub-label that had its own heads. You know what Emini here. So yeah, there were, there were, I released songs that I didn't really love. I had to record songs I didn't love. So even though I was known like as a songwriter, I was a new artist. So there are things that you kind of, you gotta play the politics game. And to me that to me that doesn't really go with art being political. So yeah. I wonder why wouldn't they trust you, especially 'cause of your opinion, Right. Emini here, I think to a certain degree, but again, it was just politics sometimes over the, my feelings, the statements I wanna make, the artists I see myself as.


It was just like, no, but you have to, we have to have a song by this producer. 'cause I've had this side conversation with that producer. Promise them a song on your album, basically. Wow. And no matter how the session turned out, we gotta put this out. Right. So it's like, you know, things like that can happen and no, I, I didn't have the say 'cause I wasn't distributing, I wasn't, you know, what Emini here on that end of things. When, When you think about Carrie Hilson, like you were everywhere in the late two thousands writing, you were your own artist and then you took a step back. Was that intentional? Or was it the industry bullshit kind of made you feel like, you know what, I don't wanna be involved? Or did they push you out a little bit? Like what was it Of the Industry?


No, no. It was definitely very intentional. I was actually going through quite a bit personally, I was really, really depressed. And at the height of my second album one night, Stan was out pretty Gold Rock was out. These are huge, you know, knock you down was still even in rotation. You know what Emini here like, like things were really, really good. But I was really, really low. Really, really bad. But it was personal for the most part. And some professional woes. Again, not having a say in decisions that are being made that I have to stand for and represent and, and do that with a whatever level of grace I could have for those decisions being made for me.


And just kind of just, you don't, you don't always agree with who you do business with. Right. Absolutely. And so, but yeah, that wasn't, it was not, it was my choice for sure. You weren't blackballed? No. Okay. No. And how'd you get outta that funk? 'cause you were in, into depression. How did you get outta that depression? Was it more writing? Was it family, was it time? All of it. All of that. And vacations and philanthropy and all the things. Exercising and, and like journaling, writing, you know, privately and for others, spiritual retreats. 'cause you went on a healing journey. Yeah. I went on what I call eat, pray, love.


Absolutely. Yeah. So, and there were times where I would Just say yes to shows that were in places that I wanted to visit. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Like otherwise I'm not performing. Like I wanna go there. Yeah. Say. Yeah. So it's just that. So with the album, we need to talk, you have this digital series and we, we had this conversation, so it's like yes, whatever. But so you have this digital series called We Need to Talk as Well. And it's like a you to you conversation. It's Carrie Hilson to or Carrie Lynn talking to Carrie Sen. Yeah. And you got very A versus me, you Versus you. You got very in depth about a bunch of different things. Relationship, you know, just coming back and doing this whole thing again. The, the press runs and all that different stuff. And now you've been out, you've been talking to some press.


Is it what you expected it to be? Do you feel like people are like, 'cause it kind of seemed like you think you thought people were gonna be out to get you and you wanted to protect yourself from that coming back into it. I still think that, okay. You know why She's very like skeptical because first step Has changed so much. Has changed a lot. Cautious. It has, right. Because it wasn't this salacious, it wasn't quite this like, you are correct. Ugly or nasty or like, you know, driven by negativity. It just wasn't that when I was, when, when I was last here sitting in this chair. So yeah. I'm freaking scared. That said a lot because it was bad. 15 years. It was bad already. Exactly. Exactly. And now it's just worse. So yes. That, that fear is real. That is, that is a dialogue that I have with myself daily.


It's, it's literally a prayer at night. It's just like, ah. And, and the struggle really is how authentic and truthful can I be when I don't feel safe. Right. Ooh. Like when that is not in intact. When your safety is not there. Just like in a relationship, you're not your most vulnerable when you don't feel safe. Like, no, you're not gonna open up, you're not gonna have these innermost feelings be expressed. But like, I I, it's part of what we do. So I have to find that even in the environment. So yes, that's How, how have the last couple days been for you? Has it been triggering? Not yet. I think that doesn't really happen until the click bait begins. Okay. So as these interviews are rolling out and you see how things could get twisted and how people misunderstand what you're saying or how the commenters would choose the most negative perception to have about what you stated.


You know what, Emini here. That's the scary part. You miss the love though. I love the people. You miss the love. 'cause I've seen you. What, what Last year we were in Newark, Michael B join us thing and the love was amazing. I've seen another time overseas in one of the Caribbean islands. You were performing. I was DJing and the love was there. Yeah. Do you miss that part of it? Do you only focus on negativity and forget about that part? No, no, no, no, no. I think it's just different with how people treat interviews and then how people treat your craft. That state that remained the same. 'cause that was literally all I was doing. I wasn't doing interviews. So I always, I don't miss, I did couldn't miss the love 'cause I was still performing. And even when I went to movies and things like that, like, it was just, it's been all love.


I just know stepping back into music is a different, that's the only difference is the interviews and the clickbait and the, it's just talking. I just be like, all right, how many ways can this be taken? Prepare for it. Get ready. 'cause people are committed to misunderstanding, of course who you are. And it becomes now a character attack. And I don't, that's kind of difficult when you do feel as though you're a good person and you do do right by people and you have integrity and you move in a certain, you know, way. The sad thing about it's, you know, we reward negativity. Yeah. You know, and me and Charlemagne have this conversation all the time. Somebody can get on, you know, social media right now and talk about your outfit.


Right. And be nasty as hell. They get a million views, but he gets paid off of that or she gets paid off of that. So what does it do? They'll make, they'll do it again and they do it Enforcement. Yeah. And they'll do it again. And it's, it is positive and they get paid for it. So you gotta understand that and take it with a grain of salt facts. You should do the RB Money podcast. And the reason I say that with Tank j Valentine, oh, that's good for you. Yes. Is because you made me think about something. It's like, well damn, is there a safe space for artists? And it's like, yo, when you see artists who start their own platforms Yeah. They probably understand. They overstand how you That's Right. That's real. So They've created that safe space for You? They have, And I, I've done it. I've actually done the RB walk. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, we did it. Was that last year or year? That was a minute ago. I think it was last year. Hmm? I said it was a minute ago. 'cause I watched it in preparation for, Yeah, I think it was around the time when we went on tour.


Yeah. So it was mid last year. So when you talk about the depression, and you talk about the spiritual journey, the spiritual healing, what did that chapter of your life teach you about purpose? Mm. It taught me how dangerous it is to step away from your purpose. Ooh. To step out of your purpose and away from your gifts. But it also taught me on the flip side of that, that sometimes you have to do what is necessary to reengage with your purpose in a better way. And so both of those things happen for me, learning that it was necessary to pick it back up. But it was also necessary to, you know, be boundaried and not have it by any means at any cost, but to protect myself in certain ways.


So yeah, I learned a lot about purpose. Yeah. You have a song on the project, we need to talk called Weigh Me Down. And then I hear you talk about purpose and just stepping back into things. And I know there's different things that can weigh a person down, but were you ever worried that the weight that made you wanna step away and take some time would make you forget or, you know, just lose the passion for the purpose? Yes. I was concerned with that. And it did happen. I lost passion for quite a while. It was really difficult to create at times. My life was radio silent. I didn't listen to music. I didn't sing or hum in the shower like I did since I was yay high.


Like, I lost so much passion for it. But I, I've realized that that was really, it was also necessary. Talk about a clean slate. That's what, you know, me stepping away created the cleanest slate possible. And that's why it's so scary. 'cause I'm so freaking peaceful. Like, life is calm, it's cool. I like my, I like my friendships, I like my circles. I like the safety that I feel in daily life. And stepping back out into The Spotlight. It, that's what the fear is really all about, is like, am I gonna lose how safe I feel? Am I gonna lose my peace, my wow sanity, my mental health?


Am I gonna be affected? It's, you know, 'cause the sleep deprivation and, you know, just not, not just comments. I'm, I, I have a thick skin. 'cause I'm so much more self-aware also of who I am and also what I'm here to do and what my gifts are. What my weak strengths and weaknesses. Like, I'm very clear. So I don't think that they will ever cut me the same way, but it being there at all is just, can spark a little fear, you know? So How do you protect your peace in, in an industry that thrives off, you know, controversy and chaos? Negativity and hate? Yeah. Yeah. I haven't quite all the way figured that out. But I, I think it's a daily, I feel like it's gonna be a daily practice saying no to certain environments that you just kind of already know are not gonna be conducive to what you've wor I've worked so hard.


It's like I was telling her yesterday, once you have seen darkness, you will fight tooth and nail to never see it again. To never have to be that low, quite that dark again. And I think it's gonna be a daily struggle. A daily, not struggle, but a daily effort in that regard. Because You wanna enjoy the process. Right? Right. Like, you don't wanna walk into every room and feel like, okay, when's the other shoe going drop? You know what, Emini here. Right. That's no way to live. You're right. But I think, yeah, I think there's enough about this that I do enjoy that. I think it'll just overshadow. I'm hoping, but we'll see. I, I think it's gonna be a lot of prayer. It's gonna be meditation, it's gonna be listening to the music that, that, you know, eases and calms my nervous system.


In moments when that's necessary. It's gonna be just making sure that the enjoyable moments can be as enjoyable as possible. Well, what pushed you to come back out then? Because Emini here, it's, yeah, you, you're making music, making money from writing. You, you wrote in so many records, Emini here I'm looking at your discography now. It's just so many records. What made you say, you know what, I wanna put that foot back out and go in the line of fire. I felt, I felt clogged. I felt burdened, clogged, stuck. And that would really sum it up. I, I felt like there, I had more to, more to say, more to do. 'cause I know I say it in the Me versus Me series. Like I wasn't done.


I sat down for a second, but I, I never felt done. I toyed with the idea like, am I, am I finished? Do I ever want to do that again in that way? But the answer was yes, just my way. I, I have to have a certain level of control now over, you know, my, my image, my brand, my words, my, my dialogue. Just all the stuff. But yeah, I just felt like there was, there is so much more And I never stopped creating. So I also know what's in the arsenal. Gotcha. And my confidence was built back up And I just, in recent years, I just felt ready.


I felt ready. Yeah. You think people forgot what's in your, what you've created, what you've written, the songs that you put out. Because I'll be honest, I forgot until I just looked at the discography. I'm like, Jesus, like, there's so many records for writing or the Yeah, both. Oh yeah. Writing and the records that came out. I'm like, there's a lot. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And I don't, I honestly, I kind of don't care either. 'cause it's like clean slate. Here we are again. Everything, people only care about what you do that's new. Sure. You may have been impacted positively by things that I've done, but, and it was so long ago and I'm proud and I'm, I'm really grateful. But I don't know that that matters as much to me.


I don't look back a lot. I'm really focused on what we're Gotcha. Yeah. What I'm venturing to do. Again, When we talked before, you talked to me about the dark space that you were in and just trying to get up out of that, but not kind of, it's like a hard thing to push yourself up out of. Yeah. I started thinking about it after the conversation And I know with r and b, a lot of times people jokingly say like, we want RB artists to be in this dark traumatic place 'cause the music is better. Mm. Yes. When you hear people say stuff like that and you done got over so much and you in this peaceful space, like, do you, are you like, no, y'all relax 'cause I need to sell some music. Like how do you feel about that? Ah, okay. I've also, as I stepped away, I was able, able to become a fan again too.


Like as I was emerging and starting to listen and look at the scope. And in some cases they're right. Heartbreak makes for a beautiful record. Heartbreak Though. Not Depression. Not depression, yeah. Depression. It can, it can lead can. Yes it can. But it, I think it depends. Yeah. It all goes, it all kind of meshes together after the wild Dark is dark True. And I never really did dark music. You did. But I definitely have f that in music. You know what Emini here And I still fuck That   for the white people that might be Listening. Not the hard er. Yeah. I have that And I still have that. You know, that that's, that's part of my story.


So I'm not doing all positive. I I think they're right. There are artists that we can look at and be like, dang, it just never hit quite the same when it was not good. And, and that's sad to say it's, it, it's effed up on the artist side, but it's, there is some truth to that. You have to find now new ways of expressing, I guess the highs and making that cool and fun and you know, 'cause I think people feel the other stuff a lot deeper because it's more relatable. Most people know what a messed up or toxic relationship feels like, or they know what it's like to affect someone in a toxic way or whatever that is. It's just more compelling. What did your ego say when you stepped away?


Like when you stepped away? Like, you know, like people may not recognize your pin the way that they should or may not recognize the hits. Like how was it easy for you? That's like an egoless move to just step away and be like, yeah, y'all can have it for a while. What did my ego say? I'm sure, I'm sure there were bruises. There were moments where I wasn't proud of like the envi, like the bookings I would get, you know what Emini here, there were times where my ego was like, I'm better than this. Jesus. Like, Why am I doing this? Surely I Tuesdays tacos and tequila. What doing it wasn't That bad. She Would've just went back and just solely wrote if it was good to that don't tell them, don't play with your checks.


Okay. Emini here. Yeah. It was never that bad. But there were moments where I'm like, surely I'm better than this. Like, wow. You know? But yeah, there were times I definitely had to, had to, but I stepped away again. The whole intention behind it was to kind of kill my ego. That was the journey I went on literally was like, let's just be a human. Let's, you know, try to look as little like Carrie Hilson as you can and kind of reemerge as a human, as a, like, who am I, I had been in the industry since my first group we talked was about, I was 14 years old. We signed when I was 17.


And then I quickly went, when that group disbanded or near the end of it, I began songwriting. And so my first placement at, I wrote at 17, it came outta 18. That was my first what, first five figure check that turn into six figures by 21. Like, you know what, Emini here. So I've been in this industry now I'm 42, so that would be 20 years in a couple years. Wow. No, excuse me. 30 years. 30 years. Good lord. I didn't, I think I didn't, that was a, I didn't wanna admit that. And nobody in here is a math major. So we correct the YouTube would've called it later For sure, for sure.


I'm like, wait, now th It's almost 30 Years, almost 30 years. Almost, almost 30 years. So yeah, I, I kind of felt like the break was really wanted and the ego kill was necessary too. I wanted to be human And I wanted to be a great one. I wanted to be a good human. So like, what does it, you know, what does that mean? And I had to go on that journey and figure that out, you know. So There was a point where you looked in the mirror 15 years ago and was like, I don't like what I see. I don't like who I've become. Yes. On the low end of that, for sure, not necessarily because I felt I had a huge ego, but because I had made some mistakes And I had lived in shame and embarrassment and, and then too I was going through heartbreak.


So that was all kind of coupled together. So yeah. Yeah. I didn't like who I saw because I knew that I was a higher vibrating person than those things what were, and sometimes when you, you know, you step away from the integrity or you find yourself in scenarios that you didn't have control over. That rub, rub your spirit in a certain way and you're like, ah, that is, that was a mistake I really could have done without making, you know, and when that happens, you, you, you're not gonna like who you who you see. Yeah. For many different reasons.


Your relationships were public though. Would you ever have Public Relationships again? Are you Hell no. I'm Trying not to. I'm trying not to. Only two of them. Only really? One of them. Two. Two, okay. Two. Two. Who Which two you talking about? Through your Googles people could do their Googles through your Googles. Yeah. Google. No mine. I'm just wondering where, where he's Search. Yeah. That, that would be the one that I would say is a public relationship. The other was like, okay, was That real or was it Fake? Which one? The younger one. They were both younger than me. Alright. But they were both very real relationship. You Ain't gonna say nothing little more and ask The question, say what you're saying. So I'm just asking. I don little Girl, I think he's asking about the Soja boy dating.


Oh, that was not, oh no, there was, there Was always a rumor that you guys were dating. I think it was like 20 2009. 2010. No. Yeah. Say their names from now on. That's why. Let's clear that all the way up. No, no, no. You never dated Soulja Boy. No. Oh, okay. No, I think where you get that From, that that's, that's a picture. Yeah. That's the thing Where, so he, I think we might've been in New York actually. And we were just at the same studio at the same time. I think either studio or was it at a show? Whatever the case is. It was like a visit, like a, like a dressing room or studio visit. And he came by and it was like, I think our first time meeting and he put his chain on me like he had his chain. And I was, maybe I tried it on, I don't remember how the chain got around my neck this 20 years ago. What'd It smell it? Yo, Shut up man. What?


Shut, what did it smell like? Smelled fine. Good answer. Yes, Good answer. Yes. This is, this is welcome. Back's be a caption. Yeah. Perry Noon put on Soulja Boy Exchange. It smelled Fine. Smell like okay. And pictures were taken and it was just a fun moment between two artists. Like that was the beginning of like, oh I can't even take pictures with people 'cause I'm now dating everybody I take a picture with. That was like, yeah. Yeah. So, and Little Wayne all that same. Never dated, no, just pictures. Chris Brown never dated, Did any of that. 'cause I know as a woman, like that has to be annoying 'cause you don't have the choice to be like, this is what I'm actually doing. Right. And and you take too much time when you're doing it right.


Yeah. How much did that impact you career wise? Or did it even, or did it just like piss you off to the point where it's like I can't say anything 'cause Soja boy or whoever at the time, they're also big artists. So you might got labels that are like, well just let it ride. Maybe it's selling music and you're trying to be like, no, but as a woman I wanna say this is what I'm doing. Right. Right. I think I dispelled all of the ones that I wasn't actually dating, but I was doing it on Twitter. And, and you know, when people see that's the thing about blogs, when they are posting something, a story that you know is not true and you, you come out and say it's not true. They don't always come back and recant never, Never, They hardly ever do. Right. Not as loud as Emini here. I've seen it, but it's like one out of a hundred times and it's Not as big.


It's never as loud as loud. It's Never as loud as the rumor. So that part is annoying. But like people thinking that I'm dating other people, it depends on who it is that I guess determines how annoyed I would be. But yeah. You said you was getting over a heartbreak. Was that one of the reasons that you had to take a Yes step Back? Yes. Wow. I was in a relationship for 11 years And that was Serge, Which is a long time. That was not Surge. No. Oh, that wasn't Serge. It was before Surge. Okay. Yep. Right before Surge. Oh, so Serge was a rebound? No, it wasn't a Reba. It was years in between. No, humble him a little bit. Let him know he was a rebound. Don't be sege just a little Sege. You are a rebound. Okay. I didn't know if you knew that, but you Are.


That's not true. It's not true. And he gonna look straight to camera too. Like he was doing something for you. Right. Straight to camera is crazy. Straight to camera. He was not a rebound. It was maybe three years after that 11 year relationship was over. I do believe in healing in between relationships. I do believe in that. So I'll be single for years in between relationships. I think that's the one problem with being a artist, is that nobody believes that y'all are real people. Mm. And so when you are going through real things, nobody will take that into consideration. No, it's, it's more entertaining for them to be like the beehive ran her out of town. Right. That's way more entertaining.


But also because I think when you're rich, like people are like, they don't empathize with you. That's right. They, they can know you're human, but they don't give, they don't care. 'cause they're like, whatever she, she's rich, she'll be fine. It's like, damn, I ain't got no heart. You know, I can't feel, I can't go through love and heartbreak and like, you know, I think people don't realize how much the noise, noise that they throw like gets to you. Or not even if it doesn't break you, but like Right. You see it, you can't not see it. Yeah. Right. Especially now. Yeah. And I, She was trolled and jumped before it was a thing. Think About it. Yeah. I was gonna say 'cause I wasn't Jumped. Well, beehive people get, I was never jumped. No one ever put their hands on me. No one ever. No. Not ever Realize. I'm like, huh Carrie. Like, baby, I'm peaceful. Don't play with me though.


Okay. It's miscarried baby. Digital Digitally junk. Oh, digitally junk. Yeah. I was like, He talking about the behi. I was joking before right there. Right Where you from? Atlanta. Atlanta? Yeah. Okay. It came out real quick, Real Fast. Hold up. No, but I think he's talking about the, the, the beehive. Just all of the comments and stuff from the, the song leak and all that stuff. And yeah. Now, today at this point, are you looking like, when you look back at that 'cause and people will bring it up, so I'm sure you're kind of preparing yourself for that. How do you, do you not even explain it, but like how do you look back on that? What are your comments on it now so far removed from it?


It's a regret. It's a regret. But not in the way that people would think. 'cause that's a song that I actually didn't write. Those are not my words. I was on tour. Paula wanted, wanted me to do a remix to turn me on. He had produced the record And I wasn't, because I was on tour with Lil Wayne, I wasn't able to like lay anything down. He had been on me for a couple weeks about we gotta, we need to do a remix. Okay. So I take off, it wasn't happening quick enough for him. I take off, we fly in and some, he had another writer in our camp at the time.


He had her write this. So he played it for me. Like he, this is the remix. 'cause I'm thinking I'm coming in to go write a remix to turn me on. Like, hmm. The whole time I had been writing concepts, like what would I say, what, what do, how do I even remix this? Like what, what do I wanna, so I had lines And I had, you know, things that I would've said, but I come into the studio and he plays me this verse and I'm like, automatically I'm like, that is, that's, I'm not saying that that was my position and That, but you knew it was shade when you heard it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You could. But you, I didn't know really who it was about, but Emini here, one could guess.


And you know, it just was a, I'm like, I'm an athlete but I'm a, I'm a, I'm a finesse player. I'm not a nasty player. I'm not a dirty player. I don't even look at things like that. I'm competitive in a, I'm also a swimmer. So that's a self sport that's like an inside game. And that's how I played every sport that I played. So I never found it. But we, we disagree there. Polo And I. Because he believes in kind of the shock jock mentality. He believes in kind of playing dirty. Yeah. To a degree. And I don't Yeah, it's not rap. So. Exactly. Exactly. So I tried to fight him on it And I began writing my own.


That's what I did with my time there. But he, I wanna be careful with the word I used. It was quite forceful. You know what Emini here in an executive artist way. Like Yeah. In an executive artist way only, you know, involving others and kind of threatening my career in a sense, in a real sense. Like, you're not coming. 'cause my album wasn't out yet. So it was like you're not coming.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35


Coming out of you. Don't do this. And the mistake that I made was not continuing to fight but I was in tears. I was crying. I was adamant that I did not wanna do that. And for People that don't know you were signed to Polo Law. I was signed to Polo and to Correct. Yep. In a joint venture at Interscope Records. Yep. And I was young. I was super young. I felt I had no power. I felt I had no choice, but I did record mine. My version, which had nothing like that in it. It was on subject song is about men. And I think days was it days after he remembers more 'cause he was there. Wow. He remembers more. Was it days after when it leaked?


It leaked like days after I did it. But he promised me that wouldn't happen. So it leaked. And that was, that was that. And I, I protected him. I protected the girl that wrote it who went on to become famous. I protected everyone in the story. So I had to eat that. I had to eat that. And I am still eating it to this day. 'cause I'm getting asked about that 15 of course, however many years. 16, 17 years later it's like I've worn the Scarlet Letter. Really? Did have you. I'm sorry. But when you answer it once, like it, it's done. Give people a actual answer. I think that makes it go. They Can't ask again. I was gonna say is I think this is the first time I've heard this Like story I have before. But yeah, maybe you guys is a a beautiful platform.


Yeah, a big one. And maybe, hopefully this is the last time I need to talk about that. But that, that is definitely a regret of not fighting even stronger. But I again, when your career is on the line and, and they make it that be the way that you perceive the situation. Not perceive, but it was pretty clear. But when you're that young, you're just kind of like, fuck. Maybe they know better than me, Right? I have to. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Well I never felt like they were right. I never felt like they were right. But 'cause my authenticity, my authenticity said the entire time, this can't, this can't be the only way to become like I was already doing.


Well. Yeah. And in my eyes, although it gained the popularity and the recognition, the song, okay, we had a lot of spins. But that I, from that moment on, I was like, this, this ain't even my path anymore. Now I gotta, with the Timberland, now I gotta ride out. Hmm. What did Timbaland say? I think he just went because they were partners. I think he just went along, but I didn't, I don't remember that we involved him or that he was involved at all. 'cause he did, he hadn't produced that record. But I wonder now I would love to ask him like, what did, what do you, what did you think about that? What I do know is he went on to work with B and Jay, so did Polo and tour with them and so did Polo. And I'm sitting there like, wow.


But I, but again, I protect, I never, I was trying to keep peace and also not wanting to put my career. They were still my bosses. I didn't wanna put my career further into detriment. So I, you know, I just didn't wanna step in the shit anymore though. So I didn't wanna hold no magazine of with her on the, I just froze. I just was like shook. So whenever anybody brought it up, probably the last time we were here, like, please don't bring up Beyonc. It was probably that kind of environment. 'cause I was shook, I was scared I was not of her. Like, I love her. I think she's incredible. She's one of the greatest artists of all time. And I'm a fan, like have always been, that's never been in question for me.


But now I just, it's a name. I can't say it's, it's a magazine I can't hold. It's a, it's a conversation I don't wanna have publicly just because I don't wanna piss anybody off. I don't wanna make things even more weird than they already were. I just wanted it to go away. I wanted it to go away. I wanted it off my Scarlet letter. You know what Emini here, I wanted to clean myself up and just have the career that I wanted to have. But I didn't know how to do that. I didn't know cleaning it up would mean that, it just felt like a messier situation. I think people understand the industry now, so they understand like, you know, producers or executives telling you, yo you know, this this person, or say this about this person or you know, stir up some controversy.


I think they can understand that and they can understand. 15 years ago you was a, a younger artist, completely different space. How you, how you could be pushed to do something like that? I, I think so Now. Yeah, now I think we can a little Could better. Yeah. Back then I, I think it was, people probably felt a different way and Yeah. And if you believed you knew I was a writer. If you believed that those were my words, then there's no backing out of that. But they're not my words. Why did you Protect? And they weren't just about be Emini here. The verse wasn't just about a Beyonc Emini here. I remember it was a to the left line in there, but it Yeah, you were shooting at women in general. Right. But I think it was because And that's what you, because You can s she can, I guess in the industry Can Yeah, she can sing. Like you was, It was the move to the left that, I think it was a couple other things, but it was the move to the left that I think people kind of parallel.


But, and that's why I'm wondering like, at what point did you realize like, oh, like here's the, like yes, it's all these women, but like here's the, this is how this is gonna be taken and like, I'm in the middle of this Now. When it happened is when, when it leaked and when I guess we must have seen comments or think pieces and the emojis and headlines and it was like all of a sudden all the good headlines just went to that and they're forever there. I think I just realized it as other people like, okay. But as I was singing, I was like, is this 'cause the whole time I, it was begrudgingly Lee that I went through with his request. But it, it was like a promise, like you can write your own if you sing this and then it leaked.


So it was all part of the plan. Wow. So I wasted my time even working on my own verse. 'cause that was what he wanted to happen. What Did your team say when the Backlash happened? Did they just step away and say, you on your own now? Or did they support That's what it felt like. That's what the fuck it felt like that because everyone went on to normalcy and I'm the only one left. Like that's what it felt like. I'm being crucified, I'm being murdered. And I would say Carrie, the human was looking at Carrie Hilson, the artist. Like, you deserve that shit. You should have fought harder. You know? I understood it. I got it. Give yourself grace though.


Absolutely. Well, it's tough to do. 'cause I, I, that's something that I held onto. Not again girl. Every time we together it's okay. I got you Sis. But it was lowering Herwig smells like onions. First of all, thank you for making laugh. Whatever Makes you laugh. Thank you. Yes, Go ahead. Thank you. That was, I Felt, can't say it wasn't true though, but Y'all are crazy. But that is, that is what I Oh give myself grace. Yeah, I do now I do, I do, I do. I have forgiven myself. But that's what, it goes back to the shame that I felt for so long. I'd be ashamed to walk in places or look like myself at times for that reason.


'cause I'm not a hater. I'm really not like to the point where I never even read chart positions. I never even like cared about how many sales I have or how much. Like I'm not that girl 'cause I'm not, I'm not driven by what others are doing or the competition that I feel has nothing to do with what anyone else is doing. I've never felt like shooting anyone else down for their greatness made me greater. I'm not that naive. I'm not that immature. So I just always felt like what I do is what I do And I feel like I do it damn well. But it has no bearing on what they do.


So I just felt like that was such a ungraceful mistake to make or to be forced to do and to not stand up for myself. That was the shame that I wore was like, I should have fought harder, should have fought harder. I should have fought hard. I should never have done it. I should never have recorded that. I should have outed them well before. Now I should have, you know what Emini here And I still am protecting the writer. 'cause I feel like, like she might've been doing what, what she was told to do. I, I hope that Now that's The, that's a, I want people to really hold on to what you just said though, because it wasn't, you know, the beehive getting at you. It was what you chose to do. Because I feel like if you had wrote that on your own and put that out and got that same Backlash, you probably could have handled it better.


But it was the Fact. Can you elaborate? What do you mean? It wasn't the Fact that it wasn't you that wanted to even say that. Oh. Like you let somebody else make a decision for you. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. And I think we all have those moments in life where you're like, absolutely dang man, I wouldn't have gotten it in that fight. Or I wouldn't have got arrested if I didn't even get convinced to go or if I didn't Right. Wasn't for, you know, whatever where you're just like, I could've, I could've, I knew it. You never wanna compromise yourself for a position 'cause it makes you feel like, right. It makes you feel like, okay, I know I got faith in a higher power, but I clearly wasn't paying attention to God in that moment. And I know I got faith for myself, but I clearly wasn't paying attention to me. So why did I compromise myself? Why did I make these people feel like I'm not gonna make it? Yes. If I don't do what They want me to do.


Yes. How could I allow them that level of power? Right? Like, you ain't God, you weren't even here at the beginning of my climb. You know what Emini here, I would've kept climbing with just in someone else's hands. And that's why my trust is so like low. I get, you know what Emini here because I'm like, man, I've been, that makes sense. Effed and, and abandoned so to speak. You know? So yeah. That, that you always pay when you go against your intuition, you always pay for it. Yeah, absolutely. You always pay for it. You always pay for it. You have to fight for what you feel. That nudge is there for a reason. It's there to protect you. It's there to keep, keep your sanity. It's there to, to, to make sure that you are who you say you are and believe you are.


And, and just kind of keeps you in line. And that was, that was, that was my mistake. Have you spoke To Beyonc or run into her? 'cause the industry is small. It is. It is. We ran into each other at a, at was it BET Awards and she introduced herself. She wa I didn't see her coming, but she came and her hand was out and she introduced, she was like, hi, I am b Or she may have said her whole name. I also, and that was as it was happening, you know, I think I was, I think that was one I was performing at or something. I'm not sure. I don't, I'm not sure. But I was backstage for some reason. Maybe I was presenting or whatever.


I hope it was BET awards. I could be wrong about that too. But it was some award show by the trailers. So backstage area and she had introduced herself And I felt like, you know, she was, that was a little bit of like, you know, that's all right. I see you. Well I, I hope you know, she does to Everybody. She does that to everybody. I've tell her all the time, I've seen Beyonc Emini here. I've been, I've only been around her a few times, but I've seen her walk up, say hi, I'm Beyonc. Like, okay. She did. I thought it Was G No, no, no. She did that to me in a, in a club. One time I met her and then one time at other radio station she comes to play on Beyonc. Nah, I think she was checking you Up, but no, I do. I thought it was GI thought it real GI was like, I fuck with that. I like that. I like that. I Why did you try to have a conversation? Just be like, we just wasn't the place And I did.


Yeah. You know, it just wasn't the place I hoped to always have that B if you're out there, I love you. I would love to do that. I'd love to do that. 'cause I don't know what's being said. I do know that my camp has worked with her. I don't know what was also said. They might have put it on me. They might have said she wrote that one. Like, I don't know what was said. Right. I would love to clear that up. 'cause like I said, I'm a fan. There's utmost respect for who she is as a songwriter, as a performer, as a woman, as a mom. Like so much respect for her. And I was in a girl group. You know what Emini here, like we, we looked up to them. There's, there's so many reasons and ways that you can love her and I would love to do that.


'cause I'm more so also to, to clear it up for sure. And to give her the respect that I felt she always deserved from me. Because that was so not that. But also because I'm curious as to what were you told about it. If Polo and all, like, if they came back and said, hey, let's today, And I don't know if they've tried, have a conversation like we're in different spaces to me Yeah. To you. Would you, are you, is that conversation you'd be down to have today? I think the conversation needs to be to y'all. That's, I felt unprotected. I felt like abandoned there. I think the conversation is to the public.


I've forgiven him. He's actually even has records on this album. Oh see, I work with each other again. We have worked. I can be around like I'm a really forgiving person. And again, I took full accountability all this time. I just wore it. I ate it, I wore it, I lived it. But before y'all worked, did you say we need to talk? No, we, we were talking the entire time. Like I never, I'm not a spiteful individual. I don't harbor Ill, I would, I have said many times how I felt, you know, what Emini here, the whole, while he, to this day, he just, you know, the definition of gaslighting, but I don't Understand the working relationship then because like hearing you talk about him, I'm seem, seem like someone you would wanna Right.


Continually put yourself around. I don know him, but He can never force me to do anything I don't believe in. Again, that's what I know about me. So I can be around someone and know that I'm in control of me now. You know what, Emini here, you'll never make the same exact mistake twice. I will never let that man coerce me to do anything ever again. You know? So feel, it's just that, it's just that like I can be and we're cool. Like it's just, it, it is what it is. But I will keep him at a certain distance in certain decisions. How's he gonna feel when he hears? But he's a great producer. He's pro He ain't gonna like it. Yeah. He's not gonna like it. But like, it's your truth. It it is my truth. And it's more important for me to be honest and truthful and authentic now.


And I, if honestly, if that lifts part of the burden for fans and, and, and for myself, then I guess today it had to be said. You know? And with all the records that you, you've written, what, what is your favorite? I can't what? Who's your favorite child? It's a tough one. I don't have one. They're all my favorites. Yeah. It's like that. It's like that. Do you have a record that defines you, one of your records that defines you? All of them define pieces and sides of me for sure. And did you write throw some Ds on it at that hook?


No, nom. That's, I was just in the video of that one. Oh, okay. That's Like a floating rumor online too that I wrote. What? That you I think that wrote No. That you wrote it. Not that you dated. No. That you wrote that you wrote those. Yeah. That you wrote that. Not throw some Ds. No, no. Let me think. Rich boy. Still it. No, that wasn't Uhuh. I love that hook though. Mm. I wish I wrote it. Wish you wrote it. I, I love that verse. All the verses on that. Do you feel secure? Like do you feel protected now? Yeah. 'cause I got me. Mm, I do. And also this man right here, Mr. Jones, he's been with me my entire ride from album one at some point.


Yeah. Yeah. It's been that long. And he is, he's literally my protector. He's, I've never seen an artist manager dynamic quite like this. Where I know no matter, even if you are, even if you are trying to get me to do something that is against my better judgment, it ain't even gonna get past him. It's not even gonna get to me. Because he saw all that. He saw me pay for everything. He saw me, he was with me. You know what Emini here, I'm sure he felt some of, even as a manager, he probably felt some of the same feelings I felt about his own career. Which is a thing I'm just realizing like, yeah, he probably had some embarrassment. Shame you know, but, but we went through it all together and here we are still, still here.


Was it really Emini here? Emini here? I know personally you had things going on. Yeah. But was the industry shit really that bad? Like was the beehive and all of those, was that real, like when they were coming at you, was that had anything to do with you taking the step back that you took? Yeah, that was the other side of it. So it was a heartbreak in that. Really? Yeah. That's what I was saying in the beginning of our interview. Yes. It was that, it was like me wearing the mistakes, but it wasn't necessarily okay. No CDs were ever thrown at me. That would've been a totally different story 'cause it would've gone very differently. What you Mean CD thrown at you? Yeah. That was a rumor. That was a rumor that they said that they threw Beyonce's CDs at me on the street or something. Wherever they said that happened. That had never happened. But it was online. That's, I seen the Georgia come outta you.


That's twice right. I Just say that the one that jumping it would never throw those seated, but Go ahead. It's funny 'cause I didn't even realize my disposition changed at all, but thank you. It was online. It was like the, what did you call it? Online? Jumping. Jumping. Jumping, trolling. Jumping online on jumping troll. Yes. It was like, no matter what I posted, the response was bees, no matter what I said, no matter what the caption was, no matter how beautiful I look, no matter what, how, why I'm on this carpet, no matter what it was like just everywhere, you know, online and interviews as well. Like, it was like I couldn't do anything on my own without her name being mentioned.


Which, yeah. It just, I couldn't live it down. I just felt like I could, everywhere I went, they're like, so Carrie, I'm like, fuck, I can't. And I would just, I would just freeze. I would just freeze. That's natural. I just would freeze. And I'm like, I don't wanna step in it. I don't wanna say anything wrong. I don't wanna say anything else wrong. Like I don't wanna step in it, so I'm just going be quiet. And eventually it came to, I don't even wanna show up anymore. I don't even wanna go, go anywhere. I don't wanna do anything. Right. I just don't wanna do this anymore. Wow. And was there industry Backlash? Like did people start fronting on you because they wanted to be in her good graces?


Probably fair to, it's fair to suggest that probably, probably some of the people that I had been working with took that position. But I don I wouldn't know. But it's, I I would say it's likely That it, it is fucked up. If the people who took that position were people who actually encouraged you to do it. It would be, but I don't, I don't, I don't throw anything past many people. You know, people are people Now. The only person you should be protecting now is you. That's right. And Your peace.


Right. Right. That's all I know. That you Owe nothing to nobody. Right. That part. That part. And that's how I feel. The only thing I owe anybody is, is me. And to have the fresh start that I've been fighting for now. Well That's, that's what I owe myself. Well Let's get into a join off the album. Let's get back to the music. Okay. What do you want to hear off the album? I think all we can play is bay. We can play with, we can play whatever. You can play whatever you want. Do y'all Have it all? Y'all have it all? Is that What you're saying? A record can send me a record. I Was like, are you saying they sent y'all a teaser? You can send. I don't do well with me. Lemme see. Oh, y'all have a list though. Grateful. What do, What do do you want to hear Scream, whatever.


Weigh me down. Say that. Oh, okay. Let's go then. Okay. So you gotta sentence that one ain't gonna leak it, we promise. Yeah. All right, so let's get into it Right now. You talking About somebody? Hmm? You want me talking about somebody? No. Oh, I'm just, no, Here. Go Wish. Listen. No, no, no. Say that shit. Is that, say that. Okay. It's, it's a shorter record. Something's a long Record. It's a long record. That alright. Something is good to say that right now. Okay. And you, the album then she got the temptation story that comes out April 26th on lifetime. Yes. Right. It's fame. Yes. April 26th and my album drops the 18th.


That's right. Yeah. So like a week before that And the the tell 'em about the series on YouTube. I really want people to go watch this me, me. Because it will help you with the music and it's a background to you. Yes. And it kind of sums up the conversation we've had this morning. Yep. And how I feel coming back in. So that I think is the best. A great preface to hearing the music. So yes, it's on YouTube, on Carrie Sen's YouTube page. That's me. I hate when I appear to talk in third person. But on my YouTube page at Carrie Hilson you'll see a series called Me versus Me. Six episodes. Just, it's quick, they're quick. They're shorts.


And the album is actually released in three parts. That's what I thought you were gonna say. But it's released in three parts. So you're, I've been gone so long. I was like, I owe people more than just one EP or one album. So I'm releasing basically three. Three series of work. Three series, three bodies of work inside of one album. Oh, I thought you was getting your Michael Jackson omatic on with the nine song social. No. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. So you'll see them gray out as they're there, but it's all one album. All called We Need to Talk. And right now you're getting the love portion. So we're starting there. I'm telling a story. So What's that? The love portion. It's really neat the way I decided to do this. What's That? For The love portion. Drama after Drama Redemption. Ooh, okay. So you, so you feel like there's unfinished business in music for you basically.


I do. Alright. Yeah, I do. All right, well let's get it on right now. This save that. I'm happy for you like that. Yeah, because I, I just like the, that you got it mapped out. You know how you wanna reintroduce yourself to this. Love it. To this new generation. Thank you. That's dope. It feels like, it feels like you're getting through all of the things that you probably had to take a, you mighta had to take a step away to better understand what was happening. To better articulate how you felt in it. Yes. It feels like that. Yeah. You're really wise. Oh girl, thank you. You're really wise. She asked me, she had me crying yesterday asking, you gotta Put some context to that Provoking questions. Oh, okay. Yeah. Not no good, good crying. Crying isn't bad. But it, you made me feel. Yeah. Which is not, it's not that, it's not that normal to have to think that deeply.


So I appreciate when I get to so, and thank y'all 'cause it's the same here and It's good context. 'cause you know, you never know what people are really going through. Yes. Or how these things we hear in the media really are impacting somebody. Right. That's right. Personally. Right. And even at a subconscious level. 'cause it, that's what it was for me. I don't think it was completely all conscious, but you inherit what people say about you when you see it that often. Good, bad, and ugly. The good is dam just as damaging as seeing the ugly things about yourself. Right. So yeah, subconsciously you inherit what, what the belief outside you can inherit what outside beliefs are into yourself and that that becomes unhealthy no matter which way it goes.


Good or Bad. And I know you said we need to talk, which is the album. You talking to fans also about things that they deserve to get answers to. Yes. I think as a fan, after we talked today and after we talked on the other show that I do, I was like, wow. Like I don't, I think I wish I had kind of had a glimpse into all of this as it was happening. It probably would've made people react differently to what happened and not, I don't know, I can't describe it, but it was such a good insight. So I'm glad you're doing this. I think people are gonna be like, oh dang, okay. I hope so. It's a little bit of a person in there. Yeah. Yeah. I hope so. Because I became so guarded after what had happened that I always felt like they don't, no one knows who I am And I can't show them. 'cause I was too fearful and too afraid of, but I just, I just knew that I was like completely misunderstood, completely misrepresented, just completely like, this does not represent who I am in the least.


So I always wanted for people to understand and see who I am. But I was too afraid. Too afraid to pull the veil. And also too afraid, like I said, of feeling like I had to protect people. So I remained guarded and people were, they didn't like the mask. They didn't like the mask. And what's crazy is Beyonc wouldn't want any of this. Mm. I don't think so. I don't, you know, I don't think she would want you to have to go through. Yeah. I don't think, yeah, I don't think so either. I, I take her to be a lot more gracious than that Emini here. Even that introduction alone. I feel like. I feel like I would agree. I would agree. I hope You got a dope full circle moment would be for you and her to collaborate on something like you write something for her or write something together.


Yeah. That would be dope. That Would be dope. That would Be dope. Let's put that in the atmosphere. Let's put that. Yeah, let's manifest that. Well thank you for joining us and thank you for coming. 'cause I know that that had to be difficult the first time you, because I seen it in your face like you didn't know what to expect. So when I watch it, that's when you look at him, especially the short guy over there. Like me And Carrie always been good. I know. We Feel good. Yes. People don't be like, You are scary though. See me? Yes. Because you're such a wild card. You're like a landmine. I don't Do cocaine anymore. He never did a cocaine. Don't play like that. Won't believe That. What's funny was in my head I was like, oh, Explain.


Now we can give him some grades. Right? Just slow. You had an issue. Yeah, you had a problem. Oh my goodness. Kerry Sen is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Take control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job? Job? It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Spring cleaning. Sure. If we have to. But we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's Entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting. They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feed. New premieres returning series, exclusive interviews. The top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the Best Spring streaming pics.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen Report.


This episode is brought to you by Purina. This is Samantha from stuff Mom never told you. May is National Pet Month. It's time to reimagine how you care for the cat you love. Pet Tivity is powered by Purina and developed by pet experts. Pet's Smart Litter Box monitor at App track your cat's weight and litter box behavior alerting you to changes you may not notice on your own. So you can act sooner if something is off. Shop the Pett Smart Litter Box monitor to try this game changing technology. Pet Tivity powered by Purina.