
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collision or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always take care of cargo.


I'm a good lawyer. And. I. Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for Her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose The hit series. Reasonable do returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with, and Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer, 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State. Farm is there


Is getting gas at Ax Exxon burning a hole in your wallet. What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with drop. You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop six six to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is holding it down. Jess is on maternity leave and we got a special guest in the building to Good brother Tyrese Gibson. Tyrese is here. Good morning, sir. What's Funny now, man, other than your gray beard motherfucker, I'm letting it grow. Pop. We grown Tyrese. What's What's funny, Papa, I bet you won't let your facial head grow. You fucking right. Fucking right. How are you, sir? I not only am I not gonna let 'em grow in, but I definitely tried to get into my implant game.


And it did. You know it landed, but it didn't land. It landed for the video. It didn't land for the Spangled Banner. But we talking about the The video was Wildflower. Yeah, I shot the video. I shot, it wasn't even a video. It's, it is a short film called Wildflower, dedicated to my mother, rest in Peace, produced by the legend David Foster and my producer Brandon Bam Hodge. And even though everyone knows the song Wildflower, it was, it was David Foster's group. It's called Skylar from 50 years ago. And they released Wildflower. These, these are Canadians that are from Canada singing r and b. And then the, the way that we know about the song is when New Birth did it.


Right? So, but David Foster has never gotten back in the studio to do any other remake of Wildflower until now. So I'm very honored that he did this on behalf of my mom. And I'm very grateful. And it just, it just actually came out today, man. So I'm like, I'm an emo I'm always emotional. I'm an emotional wreck. Just knowing that my Mama song came out today. So what made you put the outfit on? 'cause that was my, I'm gonna show you my favorite video. Oh God. I posted this on Marvin. Is this Marvin Gay? This the Marvin Gaye outfit. Was he Marvin Gaye? That's right. I was, well, I'm talking about the National Anthem. Nice to meet you Lauren. That's Lauren LaRosa. Yeah, we, we talked about that moment up here. This one right here. Some You did Because Charlamagne is charlamagne's a fucking troll.


Thank you. I'm like this, this is me getting ready for bed at night. This was fantastic. Look at, look at my caption. How I feel getting ready for bed every night. That's me. I don't even See that. I didn't even see that. You know how a been in your motherfucking comments. If I Sit Well, well, fellas, I have to go. I, I just wanted to stay. Wait, Wait, wait. Hold on. You, I don't Wanna disrespect tyres me and tyreese a with me conversation earlier Today. I was about to say he about to throw one at me and walk outta here. He had A good man conversation before on off air and, and You know we, we spoke like men, but I have to go, but I don't want him to feel disrespectful that I'm leaving after we got a conversation. Think disrespect why I think it is too. I Told you I gotta go before, Can y'all have one interview where y'all don't disrespect each other this much?


Like why Envy? I told them Envy. Yes sir. I love you. I told you what part of your car show at this point? How long, how many years you been doing it? Six years. Six years. What part of your car show requires you to be there physically unloading cars yourself? Well, This, the thing I'm, I'm gonna tell You because I do car shows too, but see, it's the difference. So I I've never unloaded a fucking Vehicle You a fuel fresh out a fuel fest. They, they're actually pulling up this weekend. But the thing is, is when Cardi B and Offset gimme their car, I don't let anybody touch their car but me. Okay. Because if something happens, and that happened before with Pusha t Pusha t gave me his Ferrari. Okay. I let somebody pull it off the thing and he crashed. You see here. So now for my situation, when anybody comes and loading, loading is actually at nine 30. I'm supposed to be there.


Okay. I personally take their cars off. So next time I come to Atlanta, And I, take your car. I'm gonna You know that Envy will personally take care of. Okay. Alright. Well, well I, if if I, if I would be okay and not feel disrespected about Envy leaving 'cause this, this interview is pretty important. Okay? Okay. Everybody wanna see us? Okay. But they definitely tuned in right now. Okay? For my beige fella, right? Okay. I just want you to say these words, envy before you leave. Oh boy. Beautiful. Pain is the most important RB album in 2024. I haven't heard it yet. Why you motherfucker, he got a point. Didn't hear Tyre. He heard Fuck You. I'm just saying how you want him to say something he ain't heard.


That's cool. He, IIII want to believe I sent him at least a couple pieces and you did. You got 'em too. Okay. Yeah. You sure? I've definitely heard some music. I'd just be wondering why they taking so long. Like you've been sitting on this album for a while. It's called Being Independent. Mm. It's called Money Up, money Down being grown and dealing with seven lawsuits getting in the way of all kind of shit that I wanted to do. But we here now and now Envy is leaving. We just seen Lee Daniel in the hall and y'all talking about Teddy Pendergrass. Is that gonna happen? Because Pulled up on Lee's bumper here you Pause, pause because a motherfucker, he couldn't wait. That's crazy. He couldn't, I mean, And he cracking himself up.


I mean plays because You know he hurling him. He was ready for that when was waiting. I mean, he had that motherfucker in the iCloud. No, I'm tell you. No, no, no. But is is it happening? Me and Ty was talking last night and he said, he said, man, Mike, come on the tail at Lee. Wait, hold on, hold on. Wait, hold on, hold on. I got drink Some water. That, that was spicy. That Right there was, hold on. I must, I must say that the first part is bullshit. The second part is true. Wait, I said this is what I said. And I had I, I announced the come tail. I ain't say what the come part, this, this nigga putting 10 on. This is what I did say. I said, Hey man, I might have to pull up on the tail end of the Lee Daniels interview because y'all gonna be interviewing him right before I, I, that's not how I heard.


That's what said, I said pause. I said hold on. Go ahead. Go ahead. See he gonna give a nigga let's move on. I thought you didn't have no time. I do. Oh, so you wanna stay here for the gay conversation? The conversation. You wanna stay here? So, so all of a sudden Cardi B is load in. I gotta go now. Don't matter because you want to hear details of the tail end No going on. I Heard y'all talking about the Teddy Pendergrass movie. Nobody else was there. It was me, you and Lee Daniel. That's True. Yeah. And you were, you were talking about you, you were saying make sure that You know you, you you really wanna do that Movie. So, so break that down. Is that gonna happen? So, so what I explained to him was, Lee Daniels is born and raised in Philly.


All right? He was here with Audra Day, my fellow Capricorn. And Lee has a specific commitment to telling stories from the legends in icons from the grounds of Philadelphia. All right? I'm not going to be disparaging 'cause we ain't finna get no more calls about, oh, he said this about truth be told, there was a lawsuit filed. And I did not win the lawsuit. Or, or not not win. I did not have the lawsuit to work in my favor because I've been on this journey to do Teddy Pendergrass for literally 14 years long before Teddy married his current widow.


Right? And I. Again, I have still respect for her, but when you are doing a film with someone who does not have any experience respectfully in Hollywood, they don't know the process of writing and rewriting and trying to figure out like how do you tell the best story? You cannot do a Teddy Pendergrass movie that has him quadriplegic for the whole movie because nobody's gonna watch that movie. The movie was never cradled to the grave. Meaning from the moment he was born to the moment he passed, and his wife who is incredible, I've seen her passion and love for this man, which is why I don't want to be disrespectful. But she was in his life, You know the last four years of his life.


And the movie that myself and Lee Daniels wanted to tell did not include that piece of the life that they had together. Mm. It was from this period to that period. And that's the movie and the story that we wanted to tell And. I don't think anybody would, would like You know as much as I know and want to do as an actor when Lee Daniels in the driver's seat as a genius that he is as a filmmaker, he is even I knew how to shut the fuck up and get out the way. Absolutely. Like I was not involved in the day-to-day of the script and the process. 'cause you don't want to piss Lee off for making him feel like you're micromanaging the process, nigga, am I here to do what I'm here to do? You show up and you ready to do Teddy.


Okay. So at the end of the day, I didn't think it was fair and it all fell apart. Warner Brothers, Lee Daniels Tyrese, this man told me you're the only person in The World that could ever play me. So what Teddy told you that personally, 100%. Wow. There's nobody else on this, on this earth that I would ever trust. And he said, You know the reason why you gonna play me is because you never wanted to be me. I can't stand motherfuckers out here trying to copy me. You sing your ass off and you've been doing you this whole time. And I want you, And I know You the only one that could tell the story. So as you could imagine if something or anybody's getting in the way of that, and we got a Lee Daniels from Philly born and raised and all of that.


So, so that's, that's what you just heard. I basically just said to Lee in Jesus' name, we're still gonna make this movie. Yeah. He said don't let it go. Don't let it go. Don't stop the fights. And. I'm gonna tell you right now that there is no other version of the Teddy Pendergrass package that's better than this package. So I may have sued and lost the lawsuit. But do you think Teddy would've wanted you to sue his widow though? I, I think, I think the Teddy pendegrass that I, that I know and got to know Teddy Pendegrass is not interested in anything or anybody that would get in the way of, of progress. And I.


I would he say Sue? No. Nobody would ever say, Hey man, if she get in the way, sue her. That's not what that man said to me. What I will say is, I've been around, I've heard him say things about people that you would never, ever think he feels this or feels that about And. I'd never repeat it because that's who my heart is. But I will say, Teddy, don't fuck with who? Teddy don't fuck with. And I'm aware of who he does and who he don't. They could paint whatever picture they want, but Teddy is not interested in anything or anybody getting in the way of his story being told. Are You saying that Teddy didn't fuck with his widow? I'm not saying that at all. Those are not my words. That's that's Charlamagne trying to do that shit. I know, because I Just know people would take it like That. The way you and envy is slipping outta here.


All right, we gonna hug. I love you. There you go. That's what I like to see. That's what I like to see. That's what I like to see. My love to the family. That's what I like to see. It's fucked up. Make sure you ain't got no just for men on your shoulder. Know you wearing white, fucked up You. know what? Sure. You ain't got no just for men on your shoulder fucked up. No, I'm gonna tell you what's fucked up. What's fucked up. I'm gonna tell you what's fucked up. If that was a Con's car, you wouldn't be leaving here. These light-skinned niggas stick together. He leaving on behalf Cardi B's car. Acon hairline look like Envy bid. But listen, she also said you was a poor businessman. Poor businessman. Yeah, that's, that's fine. That's fine. Everybody's entitled to their opinion. I want to believe that securing a deal with Warner Brothers, securing Lee Daniels developing an actual relationship with her late great husband that says everything about who I am as a businessman because I produce results.


Alright. Alright. We had the biggest press release ever. At the end of the day, she's gonna see this interview And I. Just want her to know that in my mind, I made a commitment to your husband. I made a commitment to his story, his journey. And Lee Daniels is still ready to go and Warner Brothers is still ready to go. I'm just gonna hope and pray that somebody can make the phone call to say that there is no better Teddy Pendergrass package than Tyree Lee Daniels and Warner Brothers y and That's it. But so if somebody does make that phone call and it happens, right? In a perfect world, like how do y'all move forward from We already got the script done, babe. Not the script, but I I mean like, just as people and like now you have all this in the media and the lawsuit or whatever, it's like, Did you just see what happened with me and Envy?


So Y'all gonna sit down and have a conversation? You seen what just happened with me and Envy, right? Yeah. So you Are open to it. It okay. We supposed to be fucking bare knuckle right here. Cracking. I Already told him y'all wasn't doing that. Yeah, But look, but we, we said we wasn't doing that. Yeah. And me and Charlamagne said, we not doing that. Me and Envy said we not doing that. So if everybody tuning in ready for war, where's the war? That's right. We grown ass men. And and guess what? We all felt and feel and went about all of this shit the way we did. There's actions, there's reactions, it went to whatever level. But I'm a grown ass man. And at the end of the day, he is too. And that man is too. So I really believe in Jesus' name first of all. First of all, I'll say this, not despite anybody, we can't make Teddy Pendergrass about any of us.


Teddy. That's right. His story is history and it belongs to The World and there's nobody else in The World that could do that but me. Y'all seen the beard. What Was that about? What And why, why you hold it onto the, why did it go into the star Spand banner situation? I tell you, because my, the guy, first of all, shout out to, to my barber, I literally flew a man from Texas. We found him a year ago online. And, and he, his process takes about five hours. And I did not want to do anything from Hollywood because first of all, there's a lot of white people that the makeup artists and they don't even know nothing about this black texture. So that's why you got motherfuckers out here looking real crazy when they put on fake beards and movies or whatever.


First of all, I'm an actor and if anybody can get away with putting on prosthetics and fake this and fake that, it would be me. Now when you go and do all that fake shit in real life, we gotta ask some real goddamn questions. But I have never had facial hair like that in my life. I got a hold of what I believe is the best person that could do that shit and make it look real and believable. And I literally went full on for my wildflower, not a video or short film. And the, we, it was casted by Robbie Reed who did levels of like Malcolm X. Like this is a real movie. It would be disrespectful. The call of the music video. And so I went all out.


Okay. And my whole move, my whole album. Beautiful Pain is like rumor has it, the year 2024 is coming. I've been in the year 1968 for the last almost four years. You said 2024 is coming. Rumor has it that that we're still gonna be alive in 2024. I have been in the year 1968. Oh, got you, got you, got you. Working on this beautiful pain album. Got you. Because when I was working on my album, there was no such thing as Luther Vandross featuring Curtis Blow. Mm. There was no such thing as Marvin Gaye featuring run DMC. It was never, I want To tell you baby, the chances I've been going through, I've been working on team chances I've been going through with the Team.


There was no such thing. Okay. Grown ass man with just r and b records that did not feature hip hop. So that's what I did. I got 20 songs they live and there was nothing about what I did in my wildflower video that had anything to do with me looking like Jody, baby boy, Roman Pierce, none of them niggas. I had to become the person that I envisioned myself becoming the motherfucking bell bottom shoes or pants and them platform shoes. That was this thick, worst shit I've ever experienced in my life. I got, I got a lover of this worse Than the Adida suit with the, the LOAs. The what? Western? The adida suit with the Yes, yes, yes.


That was, yeah, that was done Of uncomfortability where it was uncomfortable. Listen man, I ain't never wore no shit like that in my life. Okay. Full beard, full head of hair. I wore a bonnet to go to sleep. My girl gave me a bonnet. That's tough one. Okay. I had, I woke up with a fucking headache. Damn. 'cause of the bonnet, whatever that ball that you You know. 'cause I don't wear wave caps, none of that shit, nigga. That bar that bonnet the string. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tight. I woke up, I was like, yo, man, I don't have, I have no motherfucking idea how y'all niggas ain't no, ain't no way in hell. Anybody should be committing to hair. Yeah. Yeah. And waking up with I was on fire. Yeah. So anyway, don't never do braids anyway.


I like the Commitment. Well, the thing, and It was good promo. Well, it, it, it, it, it, it was, it was promo in my mind because I'm, I'm pretty methodical with my shit. When, when I can be, it don't always land, but it lands. Why did They think it was Marvin Gay? I didn't get Marvin Gaye. It was like extra from Good Times. It was because he was singing the, the, it was the, the way that he sung the song. Well, that's what we Thought. Like one of Rao's friends or something from Samuel. So you feel like it didn't land like you, that you keep saying that. What's that? You keep saying that the, that it didn't land. What didn't land? Like what are you referring to? Are you talking about when you were singing the Star Spangled Band? Yeah, when I was singing the national anthem, it landed. But I was saying that not everything that I, I'm, I'm very method.


I'm a Capricorn. So we think, and we strategize and we calculate And. I was saying that not everything that we calculate will always land. Got you. But everything about what I did landed right. So I said to these white people at the Rams, I said to the, to the people at, at, at even the movie studio. I said, let me tell y'all something. There is no version of me doing the national anthem looking like Tyree singing like Tyrese wearing regular Tyree clothing. That's gonna get as much traction and attention as this. And the outfit that I wore is the outfit that I wore in the entire music video or short film from Wildflower. Oh, you Didn't see it? No, I didn't see, I didn't see Wildflower, but I know we, He tried to come at me about this shit.


He's like, you coming up here in that beard for the interview. Right. You should have And I would see it in person. And I sent this nigga 20 pictures. And I was really confused. You not respond, just said all that stuff. Of Course everybody was, Yeah. I was Real confused. Everybody. Was they thinking that I'm having another mental health breakdown on live television. Okay, this is not a what more do you want from me? Part two. It ain't ever coming. And you didn't sound bad. I was like, well, he don't sound bad singing. Now let's not do that. Like You know. It, it, It, it, let me, let me make another connection for the young niggas who, who, who didn't live before Twitter was born. The Great Western Forum had a legend by the name of Marvin Gaye, who sung one of the most legendary national anthems ever at a Laker game.


Okay. And that actual physical property. Okay, let give it to y'all. 'cause y'all, y'all, y'all still kind of slow. So let me get y'all to catch up to me. Okay, here we go. The great Western form is in Inglewood. It's right Here, right? Oh, be geographical right now. Okay, I got it. Okay. Because 'cause these kids don't know what the fuck is going on. I'm kids. The Great Western form is right here. The same exact parking lot is where the SoFi Arena is located. Okay. I showed up in a red beanie and everything about my approach to the anthem and the year that I've been living in Donny Hathaway, Marvin Gaye, Teddy Pendergrass, Stevie Wonder, Motown.


This red beanie was holding hands with this red beanie at the Gray Western Forum as I sung the national anthem on top of live Congos in an arena that just got built a couple years ago called the SoFi and the same exact property holding hands. So Marvin did it. I did a music video. This man said it's gonna take four hours to take all that nappy shit off your face. I said, I don't have time. We left the set of Wildflower and went straight to the anthem because these white people wanted me there by 10 30 to rehearse. Like, motherfucker, I don't rehearse. I need sleep. But if y'all want me to rehearse, I gotta show up in full costume because I'm just leaving the set.


So when Wildflower drops, I think for all the people that's laughing, joking, or just asking questions, they gonna understand. Yeah. I'm, it wasn't giving Marvin though. It was giving like, Lamont Sanford got a date You. know what I'm saying? No, but people picked up the Marvin because of the, I think it was like the, just the way you sung it, people picked it up. I'm not even gonna look at this nigga right there. No, don't go ahead. You did it. But we thought, I, I really, I didn't know what Yo, Listen, you did it. You did it. You did that. This nigga here, he gone. I'm trying to move on you man. You Keep going back. Hey man, I, Hey Man, I was raised Really is a funny nigga though. Y'all know, that's why no Me, We can a comedy man. Tyre, now that I'm sitting here, I'm like, you kind of, you knew what you was doing.


Like it had a deeper purpose. But no. Can you lowkey a little. You you always know what doing not tro in a bad way, but like, you knew the, it was gonna get the people going and you didn't have a choice. So you just made to do what you had to make do at the time. Yeah. It's Like he knew he, It's a different feeling now. 'cause before I'm like, this is not what the fuck is going On. What's going on Tyre? This Is not the, well listen, y'all all jokes aside, wildflower is available worldwide. It just went live on all the streaming platforms and you already know this song. You love this song. We grew up on this song. I would've never heard this song A day in my life. Lemme tell y'all something. Imagine me little boy long before I ever knew I could sing. My mom was an alcoholic.


27 years, may God rest her soul. She died two years ago. 2022 of all day she give birth to a RB singer and she dies on Valentine's Day. Oh wow. Okay. Two girls, two boys. I'm the last one. I'm the baby boy officially. So imagine long before I ever knew I could hold a note as my mama is drinking, talking about she ain't just like sipping my mama was full on. Right. Right. The soundtrack that helped her to drink even more was RB Soul music. Mm mm I don't really know no other version of r and b.


Like, I don't know nothing about Lil Taytay, Lil Ray. Lil Lil say say, listen, they will never be David Foster and Lil Taytay in the same sentence. Right. You understand me? So y'all might be winning the popularity contest. 'cause You know record labels these days. Y'all niggas is corny, okay, corny. Hey man, You know what's the data, what's the stream of numbers? What's the YouTube view? I'm with you goofy. You come from, what's the radio feeling? The same way I'm with you. Goofy. If y'all motherfuckers think I'm at any point, I'm 45 years old. Lemme tell y'all something. Hear me. Cameras is rolling, right? What's your name, bro? You look like envy nigga.


I don't like you. I'm just laughing. I'm just buckling you. I'm triggered. Who do you think your favorite rap is? Just look at him and instead DJ Envy. Okay, hold on, hold up. Listen, listen. So, so Listen, I'm 45 years old. What's your name, sis again? Lauren. And how old are you? If. you don't mind that? 32 you 32. Lemme tell you something. I'm 45 years old. My voice is deep. This nigga got gray facial hair. A wife at home family. That's right. If I ever look out in the audience and see a 16-year-old with purple hair and black fingernails uploading a TikTok video on my motherfucking audience, I would literally get him removed. Why? Damn Tyree all that. Why? What If he's appreciate the Old school.


I'm grown vibes. But this, see, just, I'm trying to, I'm trying to make y'all, I listen. You go ahead. I'm gonna listen. I'm trying to make y'all understand that us as grown men and grown women, we are losing sight of the reality of what this is because we out here thirsty and desperate trying to appeal to kids. I I'm not, I'm not against that. I agree with that. So, so I don't mean that literally. That's stupid. I'm, I'm, I I speak in antics. I get what You're saying. I'm starting to learn You a bit, okay? Okay. I'm getting, I'm just letting You know there is nothing about that, that any record label will ever be able to convince me that If, you don't check off these boxes and do this and do that.


Then we don't really know if we need to sign or do or listen. Goofy ass record label executives, especially you executives that are lucky to still have a job after you done worked for 15 goddamn record LA labels and don't even understand how you still own. Go ahead and sign Lil Taytay. Lil JJ Lil say say, I'm a grown ass man. I sell out arenas. I know what the other side of $200,000 a night look like and I'm not going nowhere. So do your data, do your research and go ahead and sign the niggas that's winning the YouTube war.


I'm a grown ass man. I don't want none of you young niggas in my audience anyway. As a matter of fact, my album is so grown. I'm about to put out an album that's gonna help make your baby sister. Damn. Your baby brother's coming, nigga because of me. I'm post pandemic in a beige jacket grown. Okay? I'm selling out. And your mama going to be in the audience when she puts your ass asleep. Ain't gonna leave you at home with a nanny. Now listen, I don't disagree with nothing you're saying, but what If you, because you are an international movie star as well. I got it. Ain't talking about that guy. So what about These youngins who might see fast furious and Realize they need to go see the fast in the field, but then they Say, oh, he does music too.


So then they go in, they listen to the music and they're like, I like this. They are welcome. What I'm saying to you is you not, you're not gonna, you're not gonna cater to the TikTok algorithm. I'm 45 years old. Yeah, we get you. I go to clubs that say 21 and over. What the fuck? Who is you nigga hips nigga? Get your motherfucker ass to bed. Go to sleep, nigga. Take your motherfucker ass back. Hey nigga, listen. Hey listen. Lemme tell you something. When you wake up in the morning, little young nigga, you going to have your homework pinned on your goddamn back and a bus is pulling up.


I'm grown 'cause fuck outta here. Wait. Okay, so I just want to make it plain. PA, I think I did listen, r and b, all of the r and b singers out here, we know what verses did for all of our careers. Hear me? All your record labels can't stand you motherfuckers. I love you. 'cause you're doing what you gotta do. You gotta pivot right? When things change, things change. I'm not bitter and I'm not mad. Y'all losing sight. I've been, I've been out of a deal over two years. And I just signed my deal and the deal was for 3 million. Oh, so you are signed To AM major. It just happened last week.


Wow. Who you signed to? CMG. And don't start calling them motherfucker. You got what? No mg No. I'm not even gonna tell you. Don't start calling them either because they not gonna give you my number. Motherfucker. They gonna give you 200 and look at your data. Who is CMG? Yeah, I negative. Get get out my goddamn business anyway. I wanna make it plain. Is distribution label. It is distribution. It's, it is everything. Okay? It's just a full on joint venture partnership. Okay? I'm signing artists, I'm doing publishing deals. It's a whole thing. They didn't say it's Voltron. It's Voltron Records that has been homeless until now because these niggas is pulling out the YouTube views and they said Lil Tay mattered in a fucking legend named Tyrese.


Goofy ass niggas. I'm right here. Wildflower will be number one for 40 weeks and Lil Tay and David Foster will never be in the same sentence. How does that make you feel? We are exhausted with autotune. We are exhausted with motherfuckers out here who are not singing, who's not coming from the soul. If y'all want us to think and believe that Charlamagne, the God is not going home to his beautiful wife and his family. If y'all want us to believe that all these women out here selling out arenas talking about, fuck you, I don't need you.


I'm independent. I could do bad by myself. If, you think they not going home to a husband? You are the most confused generation period. Y'all seen what happened with Ciara when she released that song? And they like, I, I'm so confused and there's no disrespect to her. We all understand that the record labels is like If. you as a female artist want to be scissor, summer Walker Iko or this or that, and all these different women out here who keep going and bashing men in their songs. Jasmine Sullivan, Mary j Blige, If, you want to sell out arenas. You they not buying love right now. They don't want to hear about how much you love your husband that you're actually going home to.


These women ain't going home by theyself. Okay? I bust the windows out your car and after I bust the windows out his car, I'm calling you because I'm going home because I love you. And I. I hate that we even took shit to that level. That's what my album is. Now listen, I would love to take up the rest of this interview time, 1992 and talk about my ex, but I'm not gonna do that. Don't do that. Don't even do. It's not. It's 92. It's just, listen to what I'm saying. I love you. I would love to take up the rest of this interview time from going at my ex so that y'all can understand what motivated beautiful pain. But I'm not gonna do that. I got plenty of interviews out there with the whole world, hearing the details of my heart about how I am still trying to figure out who, what, and how this all happened.


But I'm also gonna say to y'all that this album, including my new relationship, has helped me to discover the beauty in my pain. Wow. Okay. That's why the album is called Beautiful Pain 20 songs Total. It's all live Lenny Kravitz.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds, an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seeing Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready, A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woo-hoo Chba. Cmba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cmba life. Visit cmba casino.com BW group. No purchase necessary prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus,


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files? They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. With plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news. To save up to 40% terms apply.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mitre.org/careers.


GL DeBarge Kim Burrell October London. We got a song on this album called Bedroom Bully. Lemme tell you something, I'm pregnant right now. Lee Daniels. I knew it. I tell you, boy, Charlemagne, first lady at the house. Ask. Ask yourself some real questions about the things your husband is into. I mean, we can't even let five minutes go by without some type of gay juice flying on this goddamn mouth. Pause. That was like, yeah, that, that was a mouthful. Pause. Whoa. Gay juice.


Gay juice is the topic of whatever the fuck He keep hurling out. It ain't it ain't you either straight or you're gay. Ain't nobody, don't be in my comments, motherfucker. You could be whatever version of gay you want, If. you either straight or you're gay. That's it. I'm grown. I did want to ask you one question though. Yes. Beautiful pain. We know what the album is about. Yeah. When you see things And I don't want you to talk about your ex. I'm just, this is a music question. Yes. When your ex does go out there and and, and continue to say things, does it make you go to the studio and rewrite, write more? What does it do? Because I know that's, I know that's how you've been channeling all of that through None of the things that she has been saying. If I'm being honest, it's irritating.


Okay. It's annoying. I don't know who this person is. I wish I did. None of her friends know who she is. I don't know who she is. And I. Think we've already addressed that and unpacked that. What I will say is I didn't really need any other motivator because If, you were to put on some 3D glasses. I'm sitting here in the Bay jacket and I'm still on fire about the confusion in and around my entire thing crashing and burning. Now, pride and ego is supposed to say, you look good. You got money. You dried this. You living that you square footage is that. You got a new love. You got a new love. So You know here, here's the other narrative that, that women, I, I love y'all, but it's, it's amazing to me.


Does that mean Jasmine Sullivan still want to be with her ex because she released a song, talk about busting windows out of car. Hmm. Does Mary j Blige want to get back what Ken do because she has done a bunch of interviews and released a bunch of songs, venting and talking and expressing her thoughts, feelings, and sentiment about a marriage that ultimately didn't work because you feel like people think you wanna go back to. It is fucked up for y'all to keep telling me that I want, I lust, I desire, I want, I have not talked to this woman. I have not secretly done a lunch, a dinner if she were to post screenshots right now of her phone since she left me.


There is not one fucking text message that says I'll now, there was some begging and pleading and trying to understand when we first broke up, but the moment that that divorce paperwork came in with $20,000 a month for an eight month old attached, I said, okay, I got what's going on now. I don't like it, but I can't unsee what I saw. And I can't UNFI what I feel. So at the end of the day, I'm now in a studio working on an album that should belong to everybody else but me. You think I wanna sing these goddamn songs? Mm mm Okay. You think Marvin Gaye wanted to go to court after being married to Barry Gordy's wife.


I mean, Barry Gordy's sister that was 17 years older than him named Ann Gordy, broke, depressed, addicted to cocaine, going through everything imaginable in his life and ended up going to court and didn't have anything that he can give Barry Gordy's sister. And he ended up having a judgment to say, you going to go to the studio, you're gonna record a full album. All of the money from yourselves, your publishing, everything that has to do with this album, you gotta give it to this woman that you were married to because you ain't got a pot to piss in and a hole in the wall. And You know what he named the album here, my dear.


You think Marvin Gaye wanted to record that goddamn album? You think Marvin Gaye wanted his life to end up the way it ended up before he released? And its classics on there like just to keep you satisfied. Yeah. Yeah. You know what that is, Charlotte, man. Absolutely. You probably got three kids off of that. That song would've never been created. If. you didn't go through that tumultuous time. See some of y'all out here, y'all niggas break up with somebody in three weeks and y'all selling out arenas and y'all are confusing popularity with what? What matters? You microwave ass motherfuckers ain't gonna be here five years from Now. So it sounds like you, I mean, you're in a good space about a lot of stuff, right? So where are you?


Right? Because people, you brought up mental health earlier and people always, you said people question your mental health. Like where are you right now with everything? Mental health wise? I have never been at a better place in my life. Good to hear that. I take anxiety medicine. That's one milligram. It's called Ativan Changed my life. I've never taken any other version of anxiety medicine. Most of y'all niggas out here taking anxiety medicine don't really actually have anxiety. You just want to be high because your favorite rapper mentioned it. Every three bars I've learned to get massages.


I love that. I live in a cul-de-sac where there's no cars, no people, and no movement. Because my version of hitting the reset button is when I get away from everything and everybody that may make some people sad and depressed, but when I get to be alone is when I am at my best. We don't really have to talk about the crying video because as I was asking, what more do you want from me? I realized I was really talking to God because I felt like if my life went from a 32nd commercial to almost 30 years of some, some type of a career, I'm trying to figure out like, what else do you have in mind for me?


What, what else are we going, what, what, what, what else happens from here? I'm shocked you ain't in the album that straight. Seriously that Yeah. No, because, because because those were words that came outta my mouth that I never knew that that video was out there for four months before the psych meds was outta my system. So it, it, it's, it's still painful to think about the shame and embarrassment that came with something that I didn't even know happened. But at the end of the day, I'm not here to make a mockery of mental health. I'm just here to address what happens when somebody says, you're stressed out. You're going through something and they give you something to help you with your mental health. And it ended up having fucked up side effects Absolutely. For the whole world to see. So with that being said, understand And I.


I gotta, I gotta, I gotta close this out by talking about the movie because I have to. But I want to say this in, in closing. 19 19 92. I wanna sew this. I wanna say this in closing about beautiful pain. We, we could find ourselves as r and b singers continuing to make reference to things and events and moments that happened 50 years ago while disowning our gifts, disowning our songs, disowning our talents because we keep throwing back to Donny, to Marvin, to Stevie, to all of the greats.


They are great and they're still great, rather they still with us or not. But it's time for us as r and b singers to step into our greatness and have the audacity to say, I believe I just made the most important album of my life. And when I take my last breath, 50, 60 years from now, God will And I don't pass no time. Soon they will look at this interview. They will look at all my documentaries. They will look at me and the process of me making my album, which I've documented every step of the way and say, how can you not put that, that there, David Foster produced executive produced beautiful pain.


Brandon Bam. Hodge produced beautiful pain. This is the only album that belongs on vinyl. You go to Tyrese TV to pre-order, kids go to sleep. It's grown. I know. Hear me to my ex. You fucked me up. You did. But God, God had this to happen for a reason. Because what I gave birth to and this album and this music never existed before that.


What I just gave birth to never existed before Zellie. I got a song called Rescue because she was my rescue. God sent this woman in my life in the midst of all of my mess. It's not in everybody's cause to be alone while you're going through a broken heart. That's how people kill themselves. It's not about let me wait until I heal. And, I. Take my healing journey at a hundred percent. Get off the internet. When you groan and you understand the beauty of companionship, friends, family, loved ones, and somebody that you share in time with, can put a smile on your face when you can't put a smile on your own face.


Mm. Zellie, I love you and I'm sorry I had to do so many interviews talking about my ex, but I love you. It's been four years and you have changed my life. You are my rescue. God sent you in my life to be something that never existed before you got there. You never asked to be there. I was supposed to be married and do this with her. She made her choice Beautiful pain. It drops on the same day as 1992. Your movie Friday, August 30th. Rest in peace to Ray Liotta. I appreciate Scott Eastwood. I appreciate the director named Ariel Roman.


Okay. This man is Israeli from Israel directing a film about one of the most traumatic this 1992, April 29th, the Rodney King verdict. Not comparing tragedies. This was our September 11th. September 11th. Hear me out. We're not talking about comparing the tragedies. I hear What you're saying, but I just, it was a terrorist attack. I would, I would liken Rodney King more sort of like a George Floyd Situation. Police officers are terrorist. When you got 17 white men pulling out, they batons and beating the shit out. They killed this man brought him back to life. They killed this man. We've seen terrorism.


Domestic Terrorism. You Right. Okay, so we got it. Got. We're not talking about airplanes and God bless all of the laws. I'm not comparing tragedies. This was our September 11th on the West Coast. Prior to that, it was the 1965 riots. Okay. That the president of United States sent Dr. Martin Luther King to Watts. Before I was born and Watts and raised and became successful. My city Watts was only known for the 1965 Watts riots. The movie 1992 is not about the documentary of rioting. Looting If. you allall wanna watch a movie about rioting looting, go watch the shit online.


There's a documentary out there about it. There's plenty of 'em. This is about a heist. Ray Liotta, Scott Eastwood. They decided while the whole world is distracted, everything is burning. Everybody's looting, rioting and burning LA the fuck down. Let's go in this warehouse and steal 50 platinum bars outta this motherfucking safe. Right. And do a heist. And you have never in your life seen this many white people in a South central LA movie. I'll give you the list Colors, menace to Society Boys in the Hood, baby boy, poetic Justice. Set it off Straight Outta Compton and the new show Snowfall.


Whenever you see white people, whenever you see white people in these south central LA movies, they're normally police officers fucking up black and brown people. This movie is the, this is 1992 is My South Central Fast and the Furious. Interesting. Imagine that. So, And Ray passed in 2022, right? Ray passed away and this is the last piece of art he left The World with. And it is the most uncomfortable performance you'll ever see from Ray tto. Wow. I mean, I'm talking about uncomfortable. I'm talking on the set, Ray. What's going on? Yeah, yeah. All Right. Ray wasn't fucking with nobody.


Mm. Ray was in it. Re you deal with a lot of grief. Like I think about You know brother Paul Walker, And, I. Think about John, single Ray John Singleton your mother. Divorce, divorce, Divorce. Both of my sisters Look at, yeah, your sisters people don't look at divorce as grief, but you did. You lose things. You know you probably lost a lot of friends when you, you went through your, your, your mental health breakdown. Are you really, really, really, have you really taken the time to, to deal with all of that grief? Or do you just try to stay busy to avoid? I'm doing the best I can with every 24 hours I get.


That's it. Get some tissue for brother. No, I don't need no tissue. Black men cry black. That's right. You know fucking tissue. Every 24 hours I get, I'm doing the best I can. Beautiful pain. 1992. There is no square footage I could ever live in. There is no rims. No jewelry at no car. There is no net worth. There is no press release. There was no co-star. There is no collaboration in The, World that could ever replace my mama, that could ever fill the void of what it's like to wake up and get married and want to be in something for the rest of your life.


And it goes away. You are making me cry. Tyree some tissue. You I don't need no tissue, man. You, Us, man. Yeah. Oh man. I love you too. You been holding this in. Do you understand how much power it is in letting it go? Yeah. 'cause you've been holding it the whole interview. I've been watching you. Okay. You asked me the question. I did, But I mean, I'm still, I'm getting you tissue. You Should have never asked the question. I love you If. you didn't want to See. I love you, brother. I love you. I love you. How hard it's been to get through. I love you. I love you black man. Okay. Do you not cry? Absolutely. You might not bring it to the radio. Absolutely. Absolutely. But this is what being grown is. Thank you brother. I'm not doing this. I need one. My makeup going mess up. I hear Me. My consider sitting Today.


See? Hear me. Black men cry when divorces happen. Women aren't the only one that are devastated when a miscarriage happens. Women are not the only one that you should be checking on when you can't put food on the table because your career goes up and then it goes down. Stop calling, skipping over the man and just checking on the woman. This is real shit out here. I'm gonna wipe my own tears. Makeup Messing up my makeup.


Tyrese, I love you, sis. When you do things from the heart, it affects hearts. That's what beautiful pain is. Y'all might outsell me the first week I made a fucking classic. Some of the most legendary movies in The. World didn't do well in the box office. Baby boy bombed. Do your research. Is it a classic? Absolutely. Is baby boy a classic? Hell yeah. People don't even know who the fuck I was as an actor when that movie came out. Baby boy. The only reason B-E-T-B-E-T still got network. Praise God.


If the movie bombed in the box office, why is it the only movie that they still playing on BET every day? Don't confuse data and numbers and popularity with the reality of what affects hearts. I'm a grown ass man and I'm gonna tell y'all something about 1992 as well as the mass singer when I did that show. Praise God for Nick Canice. Shout out to him. I was really a mass singer. Mm mm mm. I needed that mask so fucking bad. Mm. Wow. I needed that money from that show so bad.


I didn't have it in me to go stand on that fucking stage and sing and praise God. I had a mask on. 'cause while I was on stage singing, if they had seen my face under that mask, right. Ev, listen, if it all ends for me tomorrow, And I never sold you on fake. None of this jewelry on my arm is real. Don't love me because of no fucking diamonds. Take all this shit, this bracelet right here. Look real as a motherfucker. This shit was $23 on Amazon. You said it look real. Nothing.


Hear me out. I didn't think you looked good. It don't look fake. Right? If. you out here getting fake vagina over your fake jury. Reality is reality. This shit is corny. It's all fake. It's all superficial. It doesn't mean anything. Can I ask you a question my brother? Sir, in closing? Yes sir. Everybody go see 1992 And. I got one question for you today and Beautiful pain. August 30th. They both drop Friday, August 30th. It's a Labor Day weekend. Shout out to Snoop Dogg, who's an executive producer on board. I want y'all to understand something r and b just changed.


The live instruments gotta come out. Go pull 'em out your garage. It's time to dust them out. All of y'all out here making these beats on these goddamn iPhones and y'all end up number one. Y'all gonna have to have a seat. That's why you did everything live. You trying to bring it back today? I didn't do it live on purpose. It just ended up happening. Wow. Okay. Because I got into the biggest argument ever with my producer named Brandon. He was like, bro, I'm not doing that no more. We are not pulling out logic. We are not pulling out beat machines. We doing this shit live. And I said, I don't even know what the fuck that is, but I tell you what the number one song, biggest song of my life produced by Warren Campbell was number one on Billboard for 16 weeks. And that was live. Mm.


It's called Shame. Shame Wildflower. Shame was not a remake. Wildflower is a remake that everybody already love and the person who co-wrote, produced it has something to do with it 50 years ago is involved with the current version of the song. I just want y'all to know that everything just changed. If. you ain't never brought a real person in your life. I'm sitting right here like me. Dislike me, agree with me, disagree with me. Whoever your favorite is, I hope they stay your favorite. I've never tried to win the popularity contest, and if I did, I got every celebrity director, actor, rapper, porn star, you name it, they're all in my phone.


I know all these motherfuckers. I could be as hot as I want to be. You don't think I got TMZ on the phone? You don't think I know Harvey Levin. You don't think I can make a phone call and say, this is what restaurant I'm eating at. I know I used to work paparazzi show up. I used to work There. I I would be there when you would Call. Okay. Are those earrings real? No. You can't Tell. I Don't know. You know why it's not real. Mm. Because I've lost so much of this shit. Mm. I done spent a half a million dollar loan. The fuck? Why Call Jacob the jeweler nigga. Call all of 'em all your most favorite pop popular jewelers online and all got my black centurion. You don't know what Centurion is. That platinum card or that Centurion card.


A black card. Yeah. They, they know what that centurion is. That thing goes through. I'm good. I don't lose no sleep. Yeah. Over trying to win the popularity contest from showing up with all this jury that I'm gonna leave on a nightstand and have a housekeeper to say, I don't know. I'm sure you don't know. I'm sure You Know where them 250 Fucking fucking raise is at. I don't know. We looked Everywhere. I'm sure you looked everywhere. That motherfucker retired two weeks later. Oh, 80 motherfucker Hotels Ain't painting me back to this day. You know Goddamn. Hey, Ty Tyre's, new album, beautiful Paint in store TV everywhere you scream music.


August 30 on a Piece of history. 1992 film. It's a double vinyl. A August 30th. Beautiful pain You Signing the vinyls do sign-ins On my, on my website. Thank you for asking that. There's a limited edition version of the album and every limited edition version of my Beautiful Paint album that is purchased, it comes signed. I'm not putting your name on it, motherfucker. It's, it's too many of 'em. But I'm signing every individual album. Go to Tyrese tv pre-order. I want you to own a piece of history. August 30th, man, beautiful Pain will be out. And Thank you for everybody who showed up for my dreams, my engineers, my writers, my producers. I wish I had the time to go into every individual name, but I just want y'all to know, man, Y'all showed up for my dreams.


Y'all been my therapist. You've been my friend. You've encouraged me. And, I have to close this out by giving the one and only name that matters If. you don't know Jesus the Lord Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior. Every therapist that's ever helped me, every friend, every brother, girlfriend laughed at jokes. I would not be here if it wasn't for the power and the presence of the Lord Jesus Christ. Talk about it. Who has been by my side? That's right When I thought it was over, when I thought it was a wrap, when I thought what you thought, what more do you congratulate when I thought it was over, God said, no, I'm God.


Amen. I got my hands on you, son. All you gotta do is wake up and decide to not do nothing Stupid. Divorce is divorce. People out here get sad and messed up and broken, and they decide they don't wanna live no more. I praise God every single day that that's never been a choice. And it's not because narcissism ego, oh, he would never hurt himself because some of the biggest egos in The World with money and all the success in The, World have made that choice. And If you struggling with that? I just want you to invite the Lord Jesus Christ into your most vulnerable spaces and places and, and watch and see what only God can do. That's right. I understand you about more Beautiful Pain at 1992 are both dropping August 30th, labor Day Weekend, Friday, August 30th.


The only place you can get beautiful pain right now is on Tyrese tv. I can't sell you on anything you don't want to be sold on because the data, the pot, Lil Taytay liver, all I can say is If. you groan and sexy and you appreciate real song, real vulnerabilities, real music. And. I'm gonna tell you something else, Charlamagne, and I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna shut up. I praise God for this. I've actually played this album for more married couples. They've danced, they've cried, they've wiped each other's tears. They've literally said, including Snoop Dogg with his wife that he's been with since high school. He said, babe, I'm sorry.


And she like, what? Babe? You know whatever This album has brought married couples closer. Mm. They having sex The bedroom, they taking bubble baths. They apologized and they like, what are we arguing about? Like what? What? This is not, I went through a divorce. This ain't no bitter shit. Right? You are not about to pick up my album. I'm not about to be the Lord Jesus Christ Jesus. And I'm about to release an album to contribute to the divorce rate. If y'all think, think y'all about to go pick up an album where I'm going at my ex the whole time. No, no, no. I got songs, I got feelings.


I got vulnerabilities and sentiments. I am not misogynistic. I am not condescending. I'm not ripping her down into I am telling my truth. Point out the difference in me and all of your female singers who have ever released songs and singles about problems cheated on lies and divorces and things that they've been through. And it's fucked up for y'all to continue coming at me like I can't express my sentiments and feelings the way women have been able to do since the beginning of time. Go get this work. Beautiful Pain Tyres TV 1992. We making history and everybody to try and block it. Move out the way God's got his hands on this Tyrese Darnell Gibon.


I love you, brother. Don't run from your grief, brother. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Wake that Ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win


On August 22nd, I gt she needs someone who was going to fight for her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose the hit series. Reasonable Doud returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you've ever worked with, and Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Okay. Round two. Name something that's not boring. Laundry. Ooh, a book club. Computer solitaire, huh? Ah, sorry. We were looking for Chumba Casino Chumba. That's right. Chumba casino.com has over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chba Chumba casino.com no is necessary by 18 plus. Terms conditions apply for details.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, say yes to brunch with the girls. Say yes to new dog poop bags that are kind of the cute ones. You can also send money to friends with PayPal, which means going haves these. When your best friend visits this summer, saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joah wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.