
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or wanted. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Justice on maternity leave.


Lauren Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Compton's Finest. Ladies and gentlemen. Jamal DeRosa. Welcome man. It's an honor man. Appreciate you. You doing my brother? I'm doing good. How you doing? I'm blessed black and highly favored man. Yes Sir. Yes sir. Yes, sir. New book Out. Above the Noise. My story of Chasing Calm. I love that title. When I hear that title, I know a man that's doing the work on himself. Man. Trying man. It's just, it's definitely a challenge. It's something that's not easy. Take time. It's patience. Gotta give yourself Grace You know we go through a lot of stuff. You know that we, we, we sweep under the rug and a lot of times by the time we figure it out, we we deep in and it takes a lot of work to try to figure that out. So You know, just trying to inspire, get the message out there and just try to break the stigma more than, more than anything.


I Love what you said in the New York Times about how more athletes need to open up about their mental health and basically you said they need to show their Clark Kent side. Yeah, yeah. Man, everybody look at us like we, we the superhero so much Y'all to a lot of kids. No, without a doubt. Without A doubt. I, I'll dunk on you. See, You Can't even touch the net. Can't even touch up right now. He take me serious. Go ahead. And it is, it is, it is. Definitely You know. I think for me, You know. I look at it, we fall in love with a lot of superheroes because who they You know who they are at night. You know, we, we never appreciate the person before they put on the, the, the mask. And a lot of times we carry that mask more than anything.


You know, even me to this day. That's one thing I'm trying to break. You know. It's, it is tough when you gotta, you gotta kind of be two different people, You know, and sometimes you forget the most important person at times and put yourself in a, in, in a deep depression at times. And, and it's tough to get out of. I want to, I want to know your, your journey when it came to the NBA. Right. Because growing up as a kid, there wasn't as many leagues where it was training. We just kids played in the park and yeah, the good kids went to co high school, played on a high school team, played in college, but now it seems like everything is foreseen as training. You gotta train, train six days a week. Lamar Oldman all those days just played park. They went to Rucker play ball and, and kept it moving. So what was your journey to get into the league and, and explain to some of the kids out there who have that dream, how difficult it was to, to get there.


First of all, like you said, like growing up, like we didn't know nothing about training. It was all like, if I go to the play at the park from Sun up to sundown, that's what I'm gonna be able to do. You know that's what I'm gonna do if it's in the backyard. If it's making a crate playing basketball, like my inspiration was always trying to escape from my reality with sports You know what I mean? Whether we play football in the streets, whatever, whatever it may be. You know, we use sports as a gateway, You know for peace. And for a long time you, you don't even consider like working out. You just want to hoop You know. So as you get older, it becomes more difficult when you gotta take those necessary steps to You know, evolve into a true basketball player.


So it's, it's definitely a long road You know. And especially now, I can't even imagine what social media and so much stuff that's in front of these kids now. You basically famous, by the time You know you in middle school, You know. So it's definitely difficult these days more, more so than ever when before it just used to be about the game. And When did you realize you, you were, you were that good to make it to the league? Because as a kid everybody thinks they Jordan, everybody thinks they Kobe. Everybody thinks they every player that they ever imagined. Yeah. When did You know, like, oh, I got a shot When it was a true real life belief? Probably by the time I was probably like in the 19th grade when it was like, all right, if I, if I keep working at this, I, I maybe I still maybe have a chance.


But for me everything was still felt, felt so farfetched because You know you didn't know nothing about college. I didn't have nobody in my family to go D one. So even just going to college was a big thing. Like, man, I gotta at least make it to college. Like, like damn, the league college was more so the, the the big obstacle for me to make it to theirs. So by the time my senior year, I knew I was going to sc I knew, I knew it was a chance for after that for me to go pro, for sure. What What about your father? Because I, I love seeing black men celebrate their fathers and you dedicated the book to your father, Frank der Rosen. What were some of the values he contributed You know, instilled in you to your, to your upbringing. Not just as a player, but as a man. More as a man. More than anything. You know. He, he taught me the art of hardworking resiliency being a man more so than anything.


And one thing growing up that he always You know, preached to me that You know we was growing up in a, a, a cruel society. So he prepared me on, on how to deal with that more so than anything On how to deal with than white folks. Yeah. Just period. And my dad was from the country. He was from the south. So Vidalia a small and Louisiana. Okay. Small, small, small town. I remember when I was a kid, he first took me there, I remember he showed me cotton fields and all this stuff. It was, it was crazy. They still boiled their water to take baths. You know what what I mean. So that was real humbling for me at a young age, especially being from Compton going to go see the You know the countryside of my dad. But he showed me just the, the, the, the importance of hard work, sticking to your word.


And You know everything that he went through. He never complained. Is your dad one of the OGs that bought them horses to Compton since he from The country? Nah, nah, nah. He ain't, He was like, yeah we de nah, nah, That's a good one. Nah, nah, he didn't. He didn't. What Was the Compton like that you grew up in? I mean, in the, in a time I thought it was a norm. You know of being around You know such a aggressive nature of, of You know gangs and everything because it was so, it was so family oriented. Mm. You know. I, I grew up during the time like You know it was still was those kind of old school rules where You know the guys in the neighborhood gonna protect you to stay away from all the You know the, the, the bullshit that was going on. Right. And that was one thing that definitely helped me You know, even though it was aggressive, you had to deal with a lot of obstacles.


But You know. It was a lot of people that looked out for me more so than anything to keep, keep you on the right track. Coming From Compton. I, I know in 2018 is when you sent out the tweet, the depression, get the Best Of Me tweet. That kind of sparked all of the conversation. And I know you were back in LA at the time. Do you think, or did you feel like, was it like survivor's remorse because you, you're so connected to home and family, now you're back and you're at the height of your career. Like Yeah. I, I think for me that's when I, everything hit the wall for me. 'cause my, my career was You know, taking off at, at, at a, at a peak that I never would've imagined. You know I'm coming back home to LA being a starter for the All Star team and You know, all I cared about in that moment was to get home and see my kids wanted, see my daughters.


I didn't care about nothing else. But it's like soon as I got to LA everybody asking something, needing something, wanting tickets, wanting to do this. Everybody had this pre notion of of of like, I felt like I was getting plotted on in a sense. You know what I mean? When at the end of the day, I just want to go hug my kids. I want to do what my kids wanna do. But it's like the, the overwhelming feeling of I'm, I see myself on all these hotels downtown la it was just a lot. And it kind of put a, a lot of stuff in perspective for me. And, I kind of just You know I hit a wall at that point. Was Toronto a better place for you? 'cause you were away from Yes. Everybody that you grew up with and was that a mistake? Leaving Toronto Toronto was the best thing that happened for me because at, at that time, even when I was at sc, like if I had a good day or a bad day, I was, I was still going to Compton, like still going to stay at my mama house in Compton.


I'm still around the same type of environment. So I really wasn't You know, evolving in a way. I, I I needed to You know. I still ran back to what I was comfortable with. So when I left SC got drafted, You know I go to a whole nother country Toronto With like I know you was like, what the hell is the beautiful women in Toronto Too? It's a beautiful place. Love, like, love it. No. Lot of beautiful women. He heard you left. That man heard. He Tried to get you Heard. Your man heard you that man in trouble. Go ahead. It definitely is though. Go ahead. Like it's, it's, it's so wild because I didn't realize how much I needed to be away from home. Like, and it, it was to the point to where like nobody in my family had a passport.


Wow. None of my cousins could go. No. Like, so I was there by myself. So it forced me to kind of grow up in a way to where it helped me mature in a, in a very professional way where I paid attention to nothing but working on my craft. How to be the best player, best individual, listen to all the OGs. Like I didn't have no outside distraction 'cause I can't have the homies come up. I can't have had a fam come up, nobody got no damn passport. Right. It wasn't easy getting a passport. So it was something that, that definitely was a necessity in my career at that point. And a lot of, a lot of things that I learned from my time being away from home then I still carry to this day just understanding solitude and being able to be be to myself.


Is that the first time you felt the calm? Yeah. Yeah. Unknowingly too You know what I mean? Because it wasn't no distraction. I had no choice but to be to myself. And with that You know shit. Now you gotta figure out You know how to, how to do laundry, how to, how to with what to eat. Fiji, like so much stuff. When before You know I'm going to just go to Miles, man, I'm gonna have miles make me something to eat. This, this. So it, it definitely was a calm, like I said, even to this point, to make it easier for me when I need those moments to be alone. Like it is easy to do The decision to leave Toronto. Why was that? That was tough. That was tough because at that point, You know I was nine years in. It was the only place I ever knew. Only place I You know, wanted to stay invested so much there.


You know I grew there. I was 19 when I got drafted. You know had two kids up to, to that point. So I became a father. Like just was a lot going on. You never thought in your mind that you, you are leaving in a place that You know you had so much su success in. So when that happened, You know it took a hit. But You know, looking back on it, I'm glad You know it happened because that's another point in my life that that was needed for me to, to grow much more than i I ever could imagine. And you left Toronto and you went to Chicago. And I went to San Antonio. San Antonio, yep. And then Chicago. Chicago, Yep. Was there, was the rumors of you going to LA ever real?


Was that like real, that was real, real. That was one 100% real. You were Gonna play with LeBron? Yeah. How, how close did it Get? It was like, it was, it was basically like a done deal at one point. And I remember waking up And I. I, I remember leaving LA 'cause I just knew like man free agency starting, I'm about to sign with the Lakers. It's about to be a fucking shit show like You. know what I mean? So I took a vacation, got away. I went to, I think I went to Cabo or something. And You know, I, I look on Twitter, they went a different route. I was like, I thought, I thought it was a done deal. You find out from Twitter? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, The Lakers changed Their mind. Is that how works the Lakers changed? Their You know, changed their mind?


Like, is That normally how that works? Like you Sometimes You know. You can't You know. Dang. So you and Cabo and like, so what happens? How do you feel? What do you, who do you call? Like what, What's crazy? You don't call nobody. Oh, you just, you just basically like You know, figure out your next move. Wow. You know because just because something probably could be a thought or a word agreement don't necessarily mean You know it's got, it's it's it's set in Stone. You know. So they chose to go a different direction and that's, that's when I went to Chicago. So, but before Chicago it was a good chance I was gonna be a legger. I always wondered how did that make players feel when they look on Twitter and see that they've just been shipped somewhere? 'cause it's almost like you not even human. Yeah. Like you're just a product.


Like, and and that's another thing I talk to a lot of guys about that. It's a lot of players in our league that, that that kills they confidence. They don't understand it. And it puts some an aspiring like downhill like emotion that they can't get out of. And a lot of times you'll see a lot of these guys that You know they, they they good players and that one obstacle hit they never the same because a lot of, a lot of guys can't bounce back from it from a mental aspect. Expectations set on them. They feel like they didn't reach it. Now they feel less than they, they, they, it's, it's a lot that goes into it that gets overlooked. You know, I understand that as a, it's a business but a lot of times guys feel a certain type of way when that do happen and, and a lot of times it's hard to bounce back from It.


That's why I never get mad at players when they make their own decisions. Exactly. And people are always mad at them. And, and You know you see people giving LeBron flack all the time for doing what he does. But how could you be mad at him when on the other side owners do the same thing? Yeah, do the same thing. And that's the tough part where You know, I always tell guys my whole career, I always tell guys, man, you make the best decision for you You. know what I mean? There's been times I played with guys like I know If, you come back like we could be, we could, we could even be better next year. But you gotta make the best dec decision for you. I always tell guys to do that. So What made you choose to play for the Kings? Be honest. The opportunity to compete. The win was there. And the other side of it, obviously the financial part to be still be able to You know, feel like you want to still receive what you worth.


Absolutely. You know what I mean? Like, lemme Look that contract up. He like a bird over there. He laid verse in the bird. Bird. Why I pull it? Okay. Lemme see how much I know he got. This Is 16 year in the league too. 16? Yep. What, What's the contract? Charlamagne. Hold on. I looked the Wrong Three year deal worth up to 76.7 million in including 3 million and unlikely bonuses. Congratulations DeMar. Appreciate you appreciate it, man. 16. You see yourself going like 20 Mentally or physically? Both. Both. I'll answer physically first and then do Mentally, physically, for sure. You know. I I definitely could do it. I, I take care of myself. I don't do nothing. I don't go out, I don't drink.


I just either be my kids, I'll be chilling. Like I don't do nothing. So physically for sure mentally that's the tough part because You know kids getting older, You know, missing so much stuff from the kids that, that becomes more of a priority more so than anything. Like You know. I hate You know. My daughter asks me if I'm gonna be at a, at a dance. They having And I. I'm like, I'm on the road. I I can't make it You know what I mean? That, that'd be the tough part. So You know, seeing them get older and missing a lot of stuff that, that makes it harder on me to You know, say let me go for 20. Why did you You know leave dis Spurs? Because You know Greg Popovics. He writes the Ford in your book. I saw you, I forgot what I saw you at telling the story about how, I think it was after your father passed.


Yeah. And he came to see you and y'all just kicked it for like some hours. Yeah. And like, like why leave that type of environment? You know, it's crazy. Like Pop's such a real dude because even in that point, like he just wanted me to be able to go somewhere to win and kind of You know because the, the team was going a different route. They was kind of going younger and You know. He just told me my last year in San Antonio, wherever you choose to, to go, I'm gonna make sure it happens. You know and like, that's why I speak so highly at Pop. Even hap like You know pop text me last night, like just randomly like You know like the most positive message you could always get. You know I love when pop text me, but Pop You know.


He, he was the one that come to me saying like, You know, go somewhere where you could go be happy and be yourself because we going a different route here with the team. Wow. You know. So pop a real dude for that. What Makes him such a special coach? It's not about basketball. Mm. You know it's been, I always tell a lot of guys around the league, like you think it's basketball, but it's been so many days. But pop, we had come in, we think we about to watch film on the game previously or something and he'll sit us down and we'll watch a whole show about penguins. Right. And you'll be lost in the moment. But you also will watching and realize why he have us watching it. Because how penguins come together and sacrifice during certain seasons of, of how the males come together take care of the eggs.


Why the, why the female go out and hunt for six months is it's like a deeper meaning that he puts you in front of to show you like humility from a a, a different level You know what I mean? And or maybe times where you lose two games in a row. Everybody mad complaining. He'll come in and show clips from a third world country of kids training at 14 years old to playing to be in the army. And You know. He ask, he'll tell you, ask yourself like what is it really to complaint about you get paid millions. Like you get to do what you wanna do. It's people out there suffering from real things You know. So he put a lot of stuff in perspective and he know how to get the most outta his players more than anything. When y'all watch the Penguin Doc that it's so that they have same sex behavior.


'cause a lot of times they say same sex behavior in penguins has been observed in zoos, but it's not clear if it's common in the wild. Nah, nah, I ain't get that. I ain't get that far. So let me ask you about That. That's true. That's crazy. But that, that's true. They'll, they'll look it Up later. Okay. Now jam. Let, lemme ask you about your pops. You, you said, you said I knew my dad loved me and he was larger than life to me. Yeah. But he was the only person that you was scared of. Oh My god. Yeah. And I know for my fact And I say for me growing up, I'm, I'm sure it's the same thing you She was about to say. I said I was scared of my dad growing up too. I said, I'm sure it's same as You know. She thought He said hit me too. I was like, damn. My dad used to say that word too in the nineties. But how were you as a, as a parent?


Are you the same way with your kids? No, because the fear he put in me, I always tell myself I didn't wanna be like that to my kids. But It kept you straight, kept you out the street. But It kept me straight. But I also grew up in the streets. My kids don't That's true. Know nothing about the streets. So I approached them more so with love and patience and, and more of a understanding. When before, like You know, my, my parents paired me in a sense of survival. It was always, it was always a thing. My mom always used to told me, when you walk out that door, make sure, I don't care what you do, you walk back in this house, but every time you come back in.


So with that, it it, it gave me a survival instinct to understand like, no matter what I gotta, I gotta make sure I make it back to the house You. know what I mean? Because it was tough. So You know my kids. Nah. When did you realize that? 'cause You know as a kid you think your dad's just being hard on you and you like, I hate him. But then when you started getting a little older and you started having kids, you understand everything. Oh yeah. You understand so much. Even to this day, to this to this moment. I still have moments where I I I fully understand why my parents did a lot of stuff that they did You know. And, but You know when it comes to like that tough love. I don't think it's necessary. Necessary. Like it's like it was with my dad. For me, especially growing up in Compton You Know.


It's so interesting I saw you say in the book that you were afraid to have a son of your own 'cause you didn't feel that you could deliver the same brand of tough love that he did. And two things that I I I learned in therapy. Number one, I I I felt like my dad used to discipline me for things he never taught me. But also my dad was raising me out of fear and not love. Exactly. He was, and And I think, well what we call tough love is actually fear because he was afraid. 'cause you was in the street. It's like when I was in the street, my dad did not want me to make the same mistakes Exactly. That He made. Exactly. Yeah. And even now, even me now having a son, like my son is like, You know I got four, four girls and, and one son. And You know having my son, like he having that You know, especially with my son, I think about my father more so than anything.


But like with him, he brings like, I give him the joy and, and the love that he deserved. Like I do my daughters You. know what I mean? Because when I was a kid, I always wanted that for my dad. I always wanted the approval for my dad. I always wanted to make sure I made him happy. But that was the tough love he was giving me. That made me question that at times. So You know with my son, like I, I definitely didn't want to come off that way You know what I mean? I didn't want to give him that, that tough love. It may be times where it's needed, but for the most part, You know my son is, my dog long's with my daughters. But You know having a son now, it makes me think about my dad more, more than anything. Now is it true that you said Jordan on the Wizards is your favorite, Michael Jordan, But you don't do drugs More, More so You gotta explain that one More.


So from the standpoint of like how simple he made the game at, at such a, he was 38, 39, 40 still, But that was your favorite Jordan. It wasn't my favorite, but it was more so the one that I could, I remember watching the most You know what I mean? I'm, I'm 35 when You know I was what, 12, 13. When, when, when Mike was with the Wizards. So it was more me understanding and like watching. And you fell in love with that Jordan? No, I, I loved Jordan. Oh, okay. But I more so fell in love with that Jordan, with the style of play of how I play now. Okay. You know what I mean? Obviously You don't agree, huh? No, I mean, no, I mean, I get what he's saying, but that 23 on the Bulls just No 23.


That's definitely something else. So what's Your favorite bro? My favorite, bro. That's A good question. I mean, second Cleveland stint. LeBron probably my, my favorite LeBron because that's the LeBron we couldn't get past when we was in the playoffs. He was, he was, he was unstoppable. Unstoppable. And you, you had a relationship with Kobe too, right? Yeah, Kobe. Kobe was, I had a relationship with Kobe ever since I was probably 15. Wow. Wow. 15, 16 years old. Just growing up in Compton, like, yeah, growing up in Compton And, I always used to go to his camps. Then obviously when I was in high school, being a top rein ranking high school player, he used to have these late night runs where we would go up there and play.


And You know he used to.


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available to capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains, seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and cold up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the Victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a sitting us president and the two assassins had never met. One was the protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle aged housewife. An aspiring radical working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Here are episodes of Rip Current early and completely ad free and receive exclusive bonus content by subscribing to iHeart True Crime Plus only on apple Podcasts


Parents. Are you looking for a screen-free, engaging way to teach your kids the Bible? One that's easy to understand and enjoyable for multiple ages. Kids Bible Stories podcast is here to help. I created this for my own children and it's now a favorite among thousands of families. Kids love the vivid imagery, scriptures and sound effects. While parents appreciate the apply section for meaningful conversations, we have hundreds and hundreds of beautiful episodes that bring the Bible to life. When you simply press play, it's a sound and practical resource that walks alongside you as you teach your kids. We want kids to see how incredible God's word is in an engaging and memorable way with Kids' Bible Stories podcast. Listen to Kids' Bible Stories podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs And. I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in The World Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Handpicked who You know who you fell in love with as as, as players and You. know I was one of one of one of those ones. And by the time I was a senior in high school, You know he would gimme his shoes. I wore shoes his, his Kobes all I think my senior year in high school. A lot of times he, when I went to college, he used to gimme a lot of his shoes. So we always had a relationship ever since I was young. For sure. Where Do you rank them? Like where do you have, because we just finished talking about Kobe, my Goat. Okay. Okay. I'm honest, I tell everybody Kobe is my goat. For many a reasons You know, that was the first person, like I watched, like growing up in la that's the only NBA game. I used to could watch the Lakers. So I watched every single game of, of his shit.


I cried when he shot the, the air balls versus U Utah in the playoffs as a kid. So I always had an emotional attachment to him growing up, watching him play. Then obviously him being my mentor, by the time You know I got in high school and throughout, throughout my time in the league. Did the NBA provide proper grief counseling after Kobe passed being, because I even If you didn't have a personal relationship with Kobe. Yeah. He influenced so many people and inspired so many people. Did they, did they handle that correctly? Because y'all was in the bubble too around that time, right? Was that the bubble? Yeah, I think that was the bubble. Yeah. Yeah. That was that same year, right? Yeah. Yeah. Because that happened. Yeah, that yeah. Yeah, because that happened that year.


Then the league stopped then that summer we went to the bubble. Yeah. Nah, You know what's crazy. I think during that time as players we, we, we kind of embraced each other deeper than, than anything because you start to look at the, the person next to you, like, man, damn this, if this could happen to Kobe, this, this could happen to anybody. Right? And it kind of hit us all hard, man. Like, like I remember the night, I mean, the day it happened, I remember we had a game and a lot of people across the league started You know basically text and talk before the game. It's like, should we even play? A lot of people was contemplating on not even playing because just outta respect for Kobe and everything.


And, but we end up You know everybody end up holding the ball. I think we held the ball for 24 second shot clock. You know, just try to You know pay, pay respect to him. But You know, we, we all bridge together as players more, more so than anything. I was playing against him. 'cause that was your idol, that was your goat. Y'all played what, 10 games in the league against each other? Total? Yeah. Yeah. Probably more than that because probably more than that. I think for, for me it was, it was cool because You know I was even able to be a part of his last all-star game in Toronto You know, to, to honor him. Even that season, I think we honor him.


When he came to Toronto, I gave him some special shoes, special made Kobe shoes. It was, it was amazing being able to play against your idol, somebody you looked up to. And knowing how crazy he was on the, on the court You know. And, and the aura that he carried. It is almost similar to the story I hear about Mike You know. And to see that in code whenever he stepped out there on the court and the things he was able to do was, it was beyond incredible. And now you also played on master P'S a a u too, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. How, how was playing for, for PP was, p was like, man, that's like, like that's family man. Like, like p like beyond family Man.


P took me in like, like a son or honest, be honest with you. Like Monday through Friday I'll be in, I I'll be in Compton Friday night to Sunday I'm at pea house with Romeo You know Rome You know. Even the other day my, my book signing in La Rome came through and You know Show Respect, You know. That's, that's one of my close friends since, since we was 14, 15 years old. But You know, he took me in You know. I was like, I was like a son to him early on for sure. So it was dope to be around that whole aura. How good was, was Lil Romeo playing ball? And how good was p because I I'm sure y'all played. Yeah, We played a lot. P was good, but he was even better at talking smack. Like he used talking The whole game Talking.


Yeah. He used to talk trash all day long. He Gives me the old man back you down like the Old man back you down. Yeah. And hit you with the elbow. Like that's, that's PP like old school dirty. But he going, if he hit two shots in a row, you ain't gonna hear the last of it. And Lil Romeo, Rome, Rome was nice. You know, obviously you don't, looking back at it, and we even had this conversation, him being the child star, he was, it was hard for him to focus on You know just one thing. But for him to even make it You know, the college says a lot with with with the amount of stuff that he was dealing with, going through being a star, doing TV shows, doing music and everything.


So it was just difficult for him to focus on one thing. But he had it. I I, I think I, first of all, I love the title of your book, right? We're talking to DeMar Dero and Above the Noise. My story of Chasing and Calm. I think we all know what noise sounds like, right? Yeah. What does, what does calm sound like? 'cause one thing you said earlier that that that, that hit me. 'cause I, I I understand that feeling is when you feel peace and you're a person that's used to dealing with anxiety about the depression, it scares you a little bit. Man, IIII, I think I said this the other day, it's kind of like You know that eerie feeling you get when you in the middle of somewhere and it's just too quiet. That's right. Like, and you waiting for something to go wrong. Like you just waiting, Like it makes your nerves kind of even worse in that moment because you, you you kind of on 10 from there.


So that was even a Chandler for me. Like And I used to try to figure out ways on really how to like, accept it and, and, and indulge in it. So I, I start You know, it got to a point to where I started going to like Montana, Wyoming, going to these random places where it is just completely natural sound and just like getting lost in it and understanding it's okay to be within peace. It's okay to kind of decompress away from everything else that's going on. 'cause this the true way to find and center yourself and kind of really think clearly for a second and not question it. What do you do Meditation or, I mean, I'm, I'm big. Like I remember I went to Montana, I got on a RIV river.


I wouldn't loan a river for about seven, eight hours. No phone, no nothing. And just You know. Looked at the mountains and, and, and just wouldn't loan a river. River. And it, you You know, it kind of puts your thoughts in perspective with everything I've been, he comes no phone. Yeah, no nothing. Wow. But that's the thing. But that's the thing. That's amazing. But that's The thing. We get so caught up in our phone, like, I'm gonna be honest too, sometimes I get lost in my phone, And, I get mad, throw my phone, like, damn, like I don't need this You. know what I mean? Let me, let me kind of like, like decompress from all this and kind of just find myself because it's so easy to get lost in everything else. So Now you have like resources though, where you can get up and go to like Montana. Yeah. Do all that stuff. When you talk to younger players about finding peace, just because they might not have the same environment.


For sure. Yeah. How do you explain to them how they can find little pieces of peace? Like you said you had your grandmother who was peace to you. Like how do you talk to them or talk them through that? I think you really gotta find what you, what you love. And sometimes you can't be scared to try something new either. You know, whatever that may be. 'cause it, it, it is different for everybody. And one thing I always try to tell people, be open-minded to things you may be comfortable, uncomfortable with because that could be the thing that, that change you. 'cause it's a lot of stuff I never in my life thought I'd do. I never thought I'd be somebody from Compton be in the middle of Montana. Like I never thought that. But I was open to the idea of doing it and trying it.


And it was one of the most amazing things I did. And even in that moment when I did it, I, I remember I took like six, seven of my cousins from they from Compton. I took him there. I remember they was mad as shit at me. 'cause You know, I didn't tell 'em where we was going. They thought They was going somewhere hot Miami. You see what I'm saying? Montana, They thinking like we about to go turn up. We going like, and we get off the plane and we in the middle of Montana and they was mad. But by the end of the trip it was like, yo, this is one of the greatest experience, right? I ever had, I never thought I'd be in Montana scaling trees or, or on a lake or, or fly fishing or doing all these like I never would imagine.


But it changed their perspective You know what I mean? In touch with nature too. Yeah. It, it give 'em a whole different outlook on just life and thinking. It's just being around like You know toxic type of You know energy. Sometimes it's cool, it's You know everything in moderation, but sometimes you really just gotta ground yourself and figure out that that calm what what, What is it that makes Compton so special? Man? Man. Like, like just think about all of the great iconic culture shifting people who have come outta Compton. Yeah. It's, it's, it is wild because I've had moments where You know when I go back home and I'm, I'm leaving out this like city and you really just sit and realize like, man, this this small city them birth some of the greatest individuals that that ever touched The, World You.


know what I mean? And it gives me the chills a lot of times when I think about it because You know it make me even feel even more proud even being from there because it don't happen by accident. This ain't You know what I mean? Like, it is, it's something about this place that that shape that have so much to offer that, that you, that you see You know what I mean? And, and it is, it's, it is. I'm I'm just honored to be a part of it. Be honest with you. It's hard to pinpoint what's what, what is, what is it. But it's, it's something amazing because we got some graces to come out of there. Now you played in Toronto for years, but then Kendrick's from Compton Drake is from Toronto. That's your guy.


How do you, how do you choose what you gonna get into and what you're not gonna get into at that point? You Know. It's crazy. It's like loving both family You know it is, but at the end of the day, it's like I'm, I'm from Compton, like my city where I'm from, where I'm born, like when my family still live, it's like that comes first before anything You know And, I feel like any real person will understand that You know. And that's just what it is. Like. And it's so crazy because my second home became Toronto. Right. That, that has the one of the greatest of all time being from there too. So Ooh, watch Your mouth.


Drake. Watch your mouth. So you not mad about the Super Bowl. Watch your mouth Kendrick at The Super Bowl. No, I'm not mad. I'm not mad. I understand it like yeah, we, we for sure love to see Wayne up there. And my thing too is like everybody was in such a up world. We don't know Wayne was still going to do it You know what I mean? Like, we don't know. We didn't know 50 was doing la but we was, it was such an honor and surprise to see him still do it. He can't Do that though. Ooh. Wayne can't pop Ups are across enemy line. Kenrick La Kendrick. I mean, I mean That, that part of it, I that would be crazy. You think So? Yes. Called them a Pedophile. Yes. Come on man. They tried to put in the Super Bowl. Kendrick put your name in the song. I'm glad De Rose came home. Y'all didn't deserve 'em neither you being in the video, they were acting like you.


Man. They Crossed enemy lines or something even though that's your guy. So imagine Wayne showing up on Stage. I mean Yeah, true. What What you want 'em to say? I see dead people too and then walk off Afraid that wouldn't work. True. I mean it's, that's why I'm glad I'm not in an entertainment business. Yeah. Because y'all job is, is definitely difficult. Have you Spoke to Drake? No, I haven't talked to him. I haven't talked to him. You Ain't send him a text to be like you good blocked him? Nothing. He good. Don't send Him no football Emoji. Listen, no football Emoji Super Bowl. Oh, He kinky. Like what that Means first it was the Penguins now. Okay. The penguin thing is true Though. Okay, go ahead. Go Ahead.


Where did I walk into it? You see? Watch it. You see the penguin thing is that's a thing. Like people, that is a thing. All right. I think listen, I'm, it's dope regardless of how everybody look at it. I think it's dope. Go back to the Compton thing to see somebody from Compton headline the Super Bowl. Like Again, y'all just had one two years ago. Yeah. Innocent LA in two years from now too, so Yeah. But yeah, I don't know. I just appreciate the moment. I would love to see Wayne You know, I love to see You know Cash money out there. I love to see no limit out there. You know. So I don't think too much into it when it happens because I'm pretty sure it's more, more of a surprise that probably do come with it.


And that's just me guessing. I don't, I don't have no insight on anything. That's just me guessing And I like it, man. Because You know to the victor goes the spoils. Yeah. Right. Like it was, it was the, the greatest rap feud of all time. Greatest rap beef of all time. Kendrick won. I feel like if, if Drake would've got the better at that situation, it's no doubt in my mind we don't, we getting Drake and Wayne at the Super Bowl this February. Think so. ab Absolutely. So You know. So that's, that's like Kendrick's ring. Yeah. It's not like You know sports, right? Like you can, you play to a certain point and you play for a championship and you win a ring. These guys just sell records, sell our shows. But what's like that, that crowning moment? Right? Right. And this is like his crowning moment to me. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I mean it's And I.


Look at it from a fan perspective. From from the whole thing. Like it was just exciting year from the standpoint of being able to see two of the biggest rappers all time the the Duke it Out You know what I mean? And, and to see where's it at now? Like I I'm a fan of it You know what I mean? Like Yeah. Because I look at it like that in sports. You wanna see the best of the best go at it. That's right. You know what I mean? Win, lose or draw. Somebody got somebody gotta lose. That's all right. But it's, it's, it's sport. It's part of the sport competition. You know what it Down that concept. Forget location, who's better, forget location. Forget where you from this just pure listening, who's a better rapper? Kendrick Lamar Drake You not about to pull me in this. I'm going with both, both, both of them is my favorite.


That's what I'm, I'm he said he in that Kobe said Kendrick was him. That's what Kobe said. I remember something like that. Something he Did. Yeah. Yeah, he did say that. It's, it's such a, it is tough because even when it come to Kendrick, for me being from Compton, it resonate so in depth because every album, every verse, like I, I pinpoint the, that emotion, the feeling, the bar for bar, like it's certain things he say with certain streets and lingo where I know exactly what that feeling feels like or what that meaning means. So to me is, is If, you put me in that situation. It's, it's, it's, it's Kendrick, but it's like also like, I remember when Drake was making views.


I was in Toronto, And, I remember hearing it and, and knowing exactly the vibe and the feeling he was going for that was going on in the city. So that's what makes it so tough for me. That puts me in such a like tricky, like yeah, like You know what I mean? Because I was there like for both times. Like I've been there for so many albums of Drake and really understand where it come from and everything. You know what I mean? So for me to be thrown in it, You Know, I want you to break down the concert. Right. The concert you did in Juneteenth in in la Right. Of course we seen from the outside, we seen the music side. Yeah. But everybody was talking about what he did for Yeah, the street and local. So break that down for people that don't understand that part of it, People gotta understand.


Like, I know it could, it could seem like people celebrating whatever it come to the dis or whatever. But for us, the weeks leading up to it, the conversations that was had about certain people being in the same building that haven't been around each other, same people that's been having issues, internal issues, hoods, individual problems with a lot of, a lot of people. For everybody to know that they gonna be under one building and act accordingly. No problems, no issues. I remember when I first got there, I remember walking in the back, And, I see the line of every single entourage, every hood, every hood.


I'm talking about blue, red, blue, red, blue, red, blue. Like you see it every, and there was no issues, no problems. Everybody talking in that moment, theater symbolized what really was going on that was bigger than just what the outside people may be looking at. Like, oh, to beef, they doing no. Like some of these dudes haven't even been in the same building in years. And some of these dudes hoods then had serious issues with this other hood. So it's like we all in here. Was it not one problem was in one argument going or leaving. And that was the most incredible thing for me to witness. Wow. How did, How did you avoid, I guess joining a gang growing up in Compton? I always wonder about that 'cause because you, you would be like the good kid in the Mad City, right?


Yeah. Yep. Exactly. And I. Think for me, like my majority of my family gang members in a gang associated with a gang. And growing up in Compton, you was affiliated with a gang whether you want to be or not. And for me, I had so many older people in my life that understood and had the respect to where when they see me make sure I don't get in this situation or You know. There's been times where a situation about to happen and be like, all right, D out here, D somebody get D outta there, take, take 'em on. And we meet back. And You know, I hear that night a situation happen, but they made sure I was, I was far gone before anything happened.


So I had a lot of that. I was lucky enough to have a lot of that from both sides. Even with, with Bloods and Crips, to be able to have that type of respect and that, that, that, that love to keep me away from a lot of situations. Even even my games in Compton, like, like I'm, I remember so many games where I look in a crowd, it'd be this hood that don't get along with this hood, but they here to watch me play with no problems. Wow. You know. And that used to mean so much to me that, that no issues happen. No fight. Nobody ever Fouled you. Hard You know in Compton, nobody ever fouled you hard. Ever, ever. And even still, I remember we used to have, when we had road games, my high school coach used to get a extra two buses to, to, so we could take people to our away games.


And he used to make sure all the game members took the bus so we wouldn't have problems somewhere else. But that was always just the respect I had growing up. That's crazy. When, when you look back at your journey from Compton to the NBA, what's the most valuable lesson you think you've learned? Most valuable lesson. That's a good question. Man, that's a hell of a question. I should have been ready for that. 'cause I know how you like you. I think for me, patience because growing up I always used to want everything so fast. Like I didn't, I I never considered nothing else.


And sometimes patience is what have you ready for when it whatever you want do come. And that's one thing I kind of, I kind of learned because my patience when things came my way, I was ready for it. I accepted And I made the most out of it instead of rushing through it. Ladies and gentlemen, DeMar Dero and this book is out right now. Above the Noise, my story of chasing calm and we appreciate you for joining us, man. Don't be a stranger Either, man. Nah. Yeah, For sure man. Appreciate I'm be Channel Book My next beating up on y'all. You come on, you come in. What's up? I wish you much success this season. I don't have an NBA team. I like players You. know what I'm saying? So I You know. I wish y'all much success in Sacramento. Thank you, brother. Appreciate that. Absolutely. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Jamal de Wake that ass up in The, Breakfast Club


O'Reilly. You need parts O'Reilly Auto Parts has parts need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need, we have thousands of professional parts. People doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability. Just one part that makes O'Reilly stand. The professional parts people. Oh, O'Reilly Auto Parts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of O rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network on iHeartRadio apps or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke


In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that, then You know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.