
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massage and cease to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


KC chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Jordan K Clipper. Yes. Welcome. Yes. Thanks for having me. How you feeling? I'm feeling real good. Yeah. I love the way you came in there already. 'cause I was joking. I was like, you what? Six four and charm. I was like, really? You winning? You said Charlamagne must be around six one And I here five one didn Say that And I He said Five one. I said five one. Five one. I said five one And I you about right. And I was being generous. My joke in my head, I was like, I'll make a joke about four six, but I'll give him a little bit more. I said five one. What did you say you were Charlamagne? I'm five six. That's a Five. Goddamn lie. Five Six. Five six. You, you are? No, five six. Five six. Actually five seven. But I Just say five six to make people feel comfortable.


Well I feel For whatever reason I say five seven, they argue with me. So I Just say five, six. Yeah. And even though you said five six, I'm arguing with you right now. Right? Does that include if the brim, if you put the brim way up, you're including the brim. Right. But see that's what I thought with you. I'm like with the hair you might be six four. I don was thinking like six one. That is fair. The hair. The hair gives me an extra couple inches. Solomon Is five six with heels on. That's Five six. Well, you wear heels on a regular. How tall are you when you actually wear them? Okay. I'm six five. Okay. What Emini here? Your foot Jordan. I broke my sesamoid bone. I don never even heard of that. It's, I didn't either. They, it's called, it's the kneecap of the toe. Wow. I know. I got, I got nothing. Lemme tell you if you want old man stories right now. I broke my sesame bone by standing on it for too long. I don't Even know what that is.


It's, it, it really, it's a tiny Standing on it. I broke a bone by standing. I'm just, I'm that old now. Wow. Yeah. And Emini here. See that's a big deal for you. 'cause you are, you know, probably one of the best field journalists out here. If not the best. The best. A hundred percent the best. Nope. I think you're the best. I'll take it. I, I I do. And you have the new one of fingers, fingers, fingers. The posts. Fingers the posts. Maga the next generation that has to affect you. It does. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I Emini here. Literally, if you watch the special right now, you will see I'm only shot from like the, the, the halfway up. And if anything gets awry, like I can't move or get away from people. Oh. So it was broke during the Special, it was broke during the special. Oh, you can't do that when you were around the MAGA crowd. You just never know.


No offense to the MAGA crowd. But they're also slow movers too. Gotcha. So, you know, I can, I can usually outmaneuver them. I can use my privilege to lord it over them or I use the four security guards to get between me and them if things get Hairy. I enjoyed the special It's you talking to the, the younger, I guess generation of MAGA because 15% of what young men Yeah. Young men shifted right. This election. Gotcha. And there was a shift, there was a shift right from the entire youth generation. Like women shifted. Right. But men especially moved into the MAGA camp. And so we were, we were curious why, like what was it about that it doesn't, it doesn't feel like the, the cool thing on a campus to, to believe in, you know, anti-abortion, reproductive rights or, you know, essentially it's the anti hippie movement.


But, but there was a movement. So we're like, let's get there. Let's go to a Turning Points event. Let's go to a UFC fight. Let's like talk to some of these kids. I watched it And I, when I finished, I was like, I still didn't hear a logical reason. It just felt like vibes. I think. Yeah, I think it still is vibes. The large question was like, is there an ideology behind this shift? And I think the answer is no. I I don't think you have a lot of kids who have conservative ideals. Some, there's some who religion comes in or whatever those ideals are. But I think mostly they see, they see people finding success on, on TikTok and the social media space being conservative. And that gives them an identity. They see it as a little bit punk that gives it an identity.


So I think like they're moving towards vibes, which I think for the left they can get those vibes back, but they're just not engaging with that generation. Jordan. And I would have to ask why, why? Like, why did you want to waste your time and talk to Maga young Youngings? Yes. I don't think it's a waste of time. I think it's, I think it's a good exercise. I think more people should do that. The reason I say that is 'cause it you, you're not gonna get the answers you like probably. And then you're probably gonna get threatened a lot. Sure, Yes. Emini here. The first answer, health insurance. My, my job is to, to be able to talk to other people. And if I don't do my job, I don't have health insurance. Correct. And I have weak bones. So we've established that for this six foot nine frame. I need that health insurance. But I think what I, what I like about it, Emini here, I, I'm lucky I get to go out there.


I'm not a journalist, I'm a comedian. So I get to, I get to push, I get to ask follow ups. I get to Cavort and try to find something that reveals, right. Like my job out there isn't to convince people of one way or the other. I think my job is to find something that is revealing. Like for this special, we talk to a kid And I always find it fascinating to go to a campus and just see like, what, what actually is happening. CNN will tell you one thing, but until you go to Texas a and m and talk to a kid, do you actually understand what it is? Like we talked to a kid about like why he was obsessed with Charlie Kirk and why he was, he was going to a Charlie Kirk event. What is it about this, this, this guy? And he literally articulated like, I have a hard time with my words. I like to listen to what he says. I like to memorize it.


And I have his words and his ideas. And it's like, it's comedic in the, the special. But I think above that, it's, it's just revealing. Like when you're like, well why do these people, why are they drawn to this? It's like, that kid said it right there. He didn't even know that he's, he's being somewhat comical, that you're just memorizing ideas so you can regurgitate it. But it's, it's very human. He was like, he feels lost without that. So for me it's always, always compelling to go where the, the story is and to talk to folks about it. That part, hold on. That part in particular reinforced something that I truly believe people wake up every day and wait for other people to tell them how to think and feel about things. Of course they have no opinion about nothing, but they'll go online, see their favorite person's opinion on something.


And now that's their opinion. Man, I I, I'm sure you guys feel this stress. Like, I remember when I was hosting a show before the daily show, I would wake up every morning and I'd grab my phone And I look at the news And I realized, I was like, the first thoughts I have of the day are somebody else's. That's right. It's somebody else's opinion, somebody else's take. It's like I've given no space to actually have an opinion on The World whatsoever. And I think that's very much the case. And in fact, you can't compete in a collegiate space without having some sort of social media presence or connecting. So these kids aren't given space to, to figure out what the hell they want to think about first. I was gonna ask that now. The threatening part. Yeah. How many times have you been threatened? Whether it's calls people in, in person, emails, texts, et Cetera, et cetera.


Emini here, that happens a lot. The, the, the emails, the calls, there's been threats on, on family members, which would aim is not super fun. I think out in the field 10 years ago, I'm not going out there with security guards. You know, you can go out there as a comedian, talk about politics and not be afraid of getting punched. But Trump era comes in, people get more upset, upset. Trump says like, you're, you're a patriot. Fight back. These are the enemy of the people. And it was, it was during his first, first run for president that like, we went to a school board meeting and are having a conversation And I get bum rushed by somebody who's just mad that we have a camera there. And since then we keep adding security guards.


I was there on January 6th and that got hairy. We got a, a security guard that got pushed. There's flash bangs going off. They're like, we can't stand here. We need to get on a train. Like it's sort of the new reality. And most people I talk to are great. They wanna talk. They are, they wanna be on tv, they wanna engage. But you have it now where people have been weaponized by the most powerful men on the planet who says like, you can do something, you should fight back. These are the bad guys. And all it takes is a couple bad ideas for those guys to, to feel themselves and, and go after you. What's the Crazy experience that, that you've had so far? Emini here, J six was pretty wild. I'm sure You was out there for J Six. I was up there for J six. Where The fuck? I ain't know that you was out. What was You told me?


I was working on J six. All right. Charlamagne. I was working there because I was out there. I was out there The window, You know what the funniest moment on J six outside of the whole trying to overthrow the government and you know, crapping on Nancy Pelosi's desk. Outside of that, I'm literally interviewing people and we'd been there before and we knew sort of like, we don't want to get trapped on the onslaught, so let's stay outside of where everybody is. And quite frankly we're like, where's the one place nobody is congregating. And it was outside the African American History Museum. Jesus. Nobody was going there. So we, we were like, we will meet up here and then we'll go and find people to interview and we start walking. We find this guy swinging a pitchfork. And I, I go up to the man, I start talking to this man.


Oh, that's the Guy you wanna talk To. That's the guy Emini here. The Guy is swinging the Pitchfork. We gotta make TV here. You know, and that guy's got a pitchfork. He's, he's throwing it around lead with blood. Alright. I still find hilarious that nobody was outside the African American. Oh Hundred percent. You know, where are we gonna go? Yeah. African American music. Do you wanna engage with America's sins of the past? Nah. No. Let's take a crap on the desk at the capitol. What do you say? So we're talking to this guy swinging a pitchfork and he is ranting about revolution. And another man comes up, he sees the camera and he just starts, he's just swearing. He's just obscenity man. And he's yelling so loud that pitchfork man stops the interview. He shushes him and then he says, this man doesn't speak for me, which then leaves me grateful to the more levelheaded man swinging a pitchfork.


Wow. And he, he makes eye contact with me and he rolls his eyes as if to say like, can you believe this heaven guy? And I was like, oh yeah, that's it. Like even this guy is like, these guys are too crazy for me. Can we just have a conversation? And you're like, right, we can actually find a little bit of common ground if there is that crazier person there. Yo, refresh my memory. I don't what the hell was happening on January 6th before the insurrection? What was everybody there For? Well, they were there to certify the vote. Certify the vote. Okay. But, but, but Trump then preempts it by having a huge rally at 11 o'clock. And so everybody comes out, Rudy Giuliani's there, and so everybody comes to watch the, the giant Trump speech. But everybody leaves halfway through. Not everybody, half the folks leave halfway through to go start moving towards the capitol, which then we saw, we saw the Proud Boys march on the Capitol Emini here.


It was a, it was a wild day. It was not a surprise though as a, a cable comedy show. Like we knew to be at the capitol. We were right there when they pushed in because we're like, this is where everybody's going. This is where they said they're going. There's going to be something to happen here. I we, we didn't expect them to get inside, but we knew they'd be there. Well, for, for the sake of content, for the sake of cliques, did you think to yourself, Hey, we should go in with them? Luckily, luckily, my, my inherent fear got in the way there. I think it was, it was confusing as to like what the rules were. I think even at the, at the time, like there, there was a small fence that got pushed in. And even as you're seeing this and you're watching this and it's again, it's, it's half tragic. You're like, this is the capital, this is the seed of American governance.


And I see all these people acting like generals going in there. And it's also completely absurd. I saw, I interviewed literally an old man on a segway trying to go up the hill while it's happening, but I'm assuming they can't get in, right? You're like, they're going to get stopped at some point there. But the people just kept coming and, and, and literally our security guards at one point were just like, we're hearing explosions. This is an uncontrolled situation. It's time to get home. People at your daily show, and you said it a little while ago, everybody at the Daily Show always says something that I totally disagree with. Y'all say that y'all not y'all not journalists, y'all are comedians when the reality is y'all are probably some of the best journalists out because you do things like go and talk to the other side when other folks really don't.


Right. So when do you ever interview people at these rally? Well, first of all, do you think it's fair for y'all to be able to say y'all not journalists? Well, It's definitely a dodge. So yeah, thanks for calling that out. You know, Emini here, I think I say that in that the stories we get on the Daily Show are stories that are brought to us by journalists putting in the work. And so, so that I, I respect and, and they, they work by the code of journalism. I think what we have, we take it very seriously. I, I don't see myself as a journalist, but I take going out and bringing back what we see to the show very seriously. But I, I do want an audience to understand the bias that we have towards comedy and that we're making a show with that point of view. But I think all news has a bias. And I do think, like in modern journalism, I don't think it should be a bunch of comedians going out there bringing the stories back far from it.


But I do think they could probably loosen up some of the rules in the ways in which they engage with people. Because then sometimes you see people engaging with the old school rules of journalism, not pushing people past their conspiracies or their BS or their, their weighing both sides where you're like, no, that, that's bs You need to call that out. You need to use some other way to knock that person off their talking point so they can reveal something truthful there. And I think as comedians we have that ability. And I at it's best, it, it works that way. But we are, you we're working in conjunction with, with journalists who are actually bringing the story back. Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare.


It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you two can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all.


Drive the all new Nissan Murano today, Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare, you'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all. His wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said, you left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're Unable to keep track of all your lies, and quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


So that we can have some commentary on it. Comedy is disarming. It is. That's the thing that a lot of the journalists don't Have. A hundred percent, you know? Yeah. And at it, at its best, it cuts to the quick, faster than, than trying to argue with somebody else. You Know, when you do something like the maga the next generation, do you ever leave the rally thinking, damn, maybe I'm the one who doesn't get it. I, you know, Emini here. I think I always leave it with a little bit more empathy towards the folks that I'm talking with because for every, you know, every five minutes on camera, there's two minutes off camera where you're talking about something that's not political and you connect with them and they're interesting, they're compelling. You find music that you both care about or something. And I think like that, that softens what you think about the people and the interactions that you have with those people.


I think I usually feel pretty steadfast in my opinions. That being said, I do think like, no, nobody has the certainty that they pretend to have on camera at these rallies. Like, no, there's, there's, there's a lot of complexity to many, many issues, but nobody has the, the guts or the vulnerability to be open about it, usually in front of a camera. Now you said you wanna bring peace and harmony. God, did I say that? Yes. Oh, really? Is that true? Oh boy, what did I say? I wanna bring peace and harmony. You said you wanna Bring peace and harmony, but, but how was that? When every time a mag member comes, you give 'em a little joke? Yes. Give a little, just A little bit. You know what, yeah. I try to deliver peace through the lovely delivery mechanism of a, of, of a joke. I, you know what I'd love there to be some peace and harmony, but it, it, it is a constant balance of, you know, I wanna empathize.


I don't wanna just be mean out there when I talk to other people, but also it's, I think life is pretty serious right now. And I think when I go to some of these MAGA events, you see Donald Trump playing to the masses in a way that emboldens him to do pretty cruel things. And so I don't mind pushing back hard in that direction, but I often think the people I talk to, I've sympathy for because I think they're being weaponized by other people who are trying to manipulate them. So that's, that's where my empathy tends to lie. Do you ever struggle with where satire ends and, and responsibility begins, I guess? Yeah. Emini here. I think like that activist conversation is a tough one. I, I, I don't, I don't, I don't love the hat. I do think, like John is somebody who always says like, you know, this is not activist.


We are comedians. And I think like in some ways that is a, that is a, that is a safety net. But you also sort of need that to like not approach work every day to think of like, what am I trying to change in The World? Like I understand where that comes from, but it's like the job of the show is to find comedy to follow like your passions, the things you care about, where you see BS call it out, but also like find a way to make it funny and interesting and reformat it. I think that is the job you get. You get in tough territory when you're like, I need to, I need to be an activist in that moment. I don't think that is the place, but I think you have to be honest with like your desire to like, be a part of that conversation, but also be honest with like, what your skillset is and what your platform is.


Have you ever spoke to somebody where you actually changed their mind by the things that you said and they understood what you were saying? No. Damn. I do tell a story though. It doesn't happen in front of the camera. People don't change their minds in front of the camera, but off camera it gets close. I, I, I was heckled at a rally by a man who was dressed in a brick suit, a suit that looked like Trump's wall of bespoke suit. He had a hbar mustache. He's known as the brick suit guy. Trump brings him up on stage at lots of his rallies. He's famous there. He trolled me at a rally. He live streamed during our interviews to try to get people not to talk to us. He was a pain in the ass. We get snowed in and all of us have to fly out the next day after this rally on different flights.


And I show up at the Green Bay Airport, very tiny airport alone. There's a three and a half hour delay and brick suit guy is there And I, He's not in the brick Suit still, he's not in the brick suit. He's wearing a MAGA hat. He's got, he's got two extra hats on his case, but no brick suit civilian close. And he is like, do you wanna talk? And of course I don't want to talk, but we are there at an airport for three and a half hours and we get into it And I don't change his mind, he doesn't change my mind, but he is remarkably open about the things he's unsure about with Donald Trump. He's unsure. He, he wishes Donald Trump didn't go on and on about the 2020 election being stolen, which is a huge thing to show any kind of weakness. Like I don't believe Trump was honest about that in the MAGA movement.


You can't say that in front of the camera. He says that to me off camera. He talks about like where he comes from and frankly, he comes, he's like a libertarian guy who likes to troll people on lime. You'd like to think that the handlebar mustache guy who dresses in bespoke brick suits is an idiot, not an idiot. Smart guy. Feels like a history buff. Like the kind of person who has too many like World War II books. But a smart guy has his own topics. Like we, we literally, we laugh. Somebody recognizes me as we're talking and, and asks for a selfie and he takes the photo, which is like this. He's open to all of this stuff. We, we, we talk all the way up until I get on the plane and I'm in an exit row and the woman who takes the ticket asks if I'm willing to accept the, the responsibilities of being in an exit row.


I say yes. And then I turn to him And I was like, I hope this fucking freaks you out, man. And he, he laughs and I'm like, that's it right there. Like, you're not intimidated by me. You're not, I'm not so offended that I made a joke. You laugh. It, it, it's, it's humor. It's disarming and and it's, for most of the people who I'm friends with, even who I disagree with, you find things you can laugh at. Right? And, and that happens all off camera. And I'm not entering that conversation to try to change his mind. That's not gonna happen. But I'm entering it with like an amount of uncertainty of like, here's the things that I'm unsure about what the, the left says, or, or here's things that I think are okay about what Trump does. And he's like, here's things that I doubt about what Trump does. You're like, oh, there's, there's the human behind that. Even in the, in the caricature of a guy from the Daily Show mixed with the caricature of a person from the Trump universe.


Like they can talk, they can meet somewhere of an understanding and usually it's, it's freaking away from those cameras in a, in a Green Bay airport. You think you're a caricature? Well, I, in that moment, I think he sees me as a caricature. Yes, I bet he sees me as somebody who's like, you're on this show that I see as a progressive leaning show, as a, as a comedy guy. But I think I have a, I have an agenda And I have a bias as I think everybody should see people on their, their screens as having those things. And I, you know, my agenda feels right to me. I'm looking for comedy and hypocrisy, but I'm sure he is like, oh, this guy is just gonna try to twist me into progressive loopholes. I remember they had, when you had your late night show, didn't they have you playing a character of a Yeah, like a, a a conservative right Wing.


I was playing like an Alex Jones style right wing character. And so that, that was, and at that time too, it was like Infowars was so huge and big and the conspiracy mindset, which thankfully has gone completely away. We don't see it anymore. But that, that was me playing a caricature to find humor in, in going over the top. Quite frankly, as comedy has evolved and the politics situation has evolved so much over the last 10 years, like I think that's still a space to play in. There's still humor to be found, but I think audiences are like so tired of, of extreme caricatures. You have one in the White House that like, I think they're connecting more with comedians on a more authentic level. And so that's sort of in some ways where the finger of the pulse stuff has come out of.


Trevor was big on that. He was just like, go out there. You're not, you're not playing a parody of a journalist. You're, you're yourself bringing your wits about you and your opinions. Find humor in that, but don't lean on the character. Also, people are dumb, so they'll believe you. They'd be like, I didn't know you was playing the character. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. We had, we had, at the opposition, we had Carter Page who was a foreign advisor to Donald Trump. And it was the center of the news cycle at one point because people were wondering he was, if he was a Russian asset because Russia had manipulated him in the past and he was working for the Trump administration and he reached out to our show and took a meeting at our show because he wanted to work on our show as someone, he didn't see it as a satire.


Wow. He saw it as an opportunity, which, which was hard for us to swallow. Where do you think satire fits in today's media landscape? Are people numb to it? Are they addicted? Are are they still reachable? Do they understand it? Like Emini Here? I think what what has shifted so much is like the, the formatting of it all right. I think like satire is all about context and that's hard if you're taking in seven second chunks on like TikTok. Yes. I think it's easier if you have a 30 minute chunk, if you have an eight minute rant. I think people are drawn to comedy in many ways. It is like the language of of Emini here. It's a language of humor. But I think like it's the quickest way to get to, to a truth. So I do think, I think satire is in, in a boon.


I think people are are drawn. But I think, but that being said, the social media landscape has shifted the ways in which we consume all this stuff. And that has kind of like, it is made for long form capabilities, long podcasts. And I think that has shifted where comedy lies and short form as well, which is more about those sound bites. Now speaking Of future of maga, what do you think the future of MAGA is gonna look like, especially in 2028? Oh boy. I think that I, I think Trump is such a singular character that they think it can be passed on and that we have seen no proof of that yet. Donald Trump has been famous his whole life, Emini here. You know, he's, you know, referencing rap songs when I was coming up in a way that was like he has equated with wealth And I think that is, nobody else has that.


And so I think they're going to try to pass it off. Maybe that's to shady Vance. Maybe it's to somebody who's even farther, right? But right now it's still a cult of personality that he's going to try to build around him. We'll see if that baton goes anywhere else. It's Interesting when people say that though, because to me it's not even about the individual of Donald Trump. There's clearly a whole system that is perfectly okay with him doing everything that he's doing. Yeah. So that is what scares me. It's the system Yeah. That is allowing him to exist. 'cause they will allow somebody else to exist in that same way. Yeah. They Have attached a system and there there's people behind it who have gotten good at understanding how to use Donald Trump. I think this project 2025, the, the, The World of the Steve Bannon's like are like, okay, we, he's gonna come in here.


He, he has a singular character in his ability to charm half a nation, 40 some odd percent of a nation. I think that is hard to pass off, but I think you have, you have a conservative movement who has sort of lost any, any desire to make a moral argument and just found a way in which to like attach, attach their wants to somebody who will just bulldoze all the way through. Who is about Emini here? The, the, the Trump doctrine is, he likes to make deals and he wants whatever's good for him. Yes. And if they can attach conservative things onto the things that are deals and good for him that make him look successful and popular, then they will ride that. And he has no problem riding that. What What, what's a moment?


I like a couple more questions. What's a moment that actually made you emotional while doing one of your man on the street segment? Emini here. It's not to get dark about it all, but like we covered news day in and day out and when I was hosting the show specifically like mass shootings. Yeah, yeah. Like you're like, oh, how do you find humor in it? We find humor, but like when you are, when it's your responsibility, late night has shifted into a, a place where people come to it to feel like a connection to what has happened during the days. And we have such a mass shooting epidemic in this country. And especially when I was hosting a show, we're like, what happened today? Well the big news is there was another terrible shooting in a school and we had people come on and I've covered like the gun movement with specials and in the past as well.


And I've talked to parents and I've talked to students who are affected by all this. And it's such, it's such emblematic of what is, what is what is wrong with our country. Like most people just want safe, basic guidelines to try to stop this. And there's such inaction on, on a federal level that it's constantly infuriating. And so as that keeps happening and continues to happen, like it's, it's, it's, it's so heartbreaking also as someone who has a, a kid who's in school right now, it's so scary to think of that happening to parents and beyond that it's so infuriating. 'cause it's like the system is broken when you have people who, who scream out from the rafters. 80 some odd percent of people are like, we just need basic stuff to try to help kids in schools.


And yet you have like a system of government that can't respond to that. Like that always, it always pisses me off. Hmm. What what's your dream feel piece that you haven't gotten to do yet? Barbados. Send me to a nice place, nice place on a beach. Are you I'm in Pennsylvania all the time at Trump rallies in the heat fighting with people about whether JFK Jr's still alive. And so like, send me to someplace beautiful. Gimme a puff piece. So How do you decompress after a day of absorbing conspiracy theories in 90 degree heat? Oh, you know what I I, it's, it's, it's booze. Booze helps real quick. It's booze. The NBA and being a dad, I think that helps out or Yeah. Well tell 'em how they could see this special.


They Could, they could check it out in Paramount Plus or YouTube. It's up on both those places right now. That's Right. Fingers the pulse. Maga the next generation on the dailies. YouTube. Jordan Klepper, ladies Daily shows. YouTube. Thank you. Thank you so much for joining us. Thanks For having us guys. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Jordan K Clipper. Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you. We are root and we do car insurance differently. We don't believe it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving like occupation or education because we know who you are on paper has nothing to do with who you are behind the wheel. And that means savings. It's easy to get started. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to root Root insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today to see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for details.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code Space 80.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife Caroline. He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The fact that you lied is absolutely horrific. And quite frankly, I question how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next.


In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You are listening to an iHeartPodcasts.