
This is an iHeartPodcasts. If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season Premier June 6th, only on Stars. And The Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a BS premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Congressman Eric Swalwell. Welcome. Hey, thanks for having me on. How you feeling today? I'm good. I'm good. You you, you got such an interesting story 'cause you're a Democrat. Yeah. Outta California. Yeah. But you were raised, your parents were Republican. Yeah. So you were a Republican at one point. Yeah. So what made you, you know, switch sides so to speak? They would tell you they would blame college. I was the first to go to college and so they're like, oh, he got brainwashed by those college liberal professors. But no, the truth is my, my dad was a cop. My mom worked a number of odd jobs, made wedding cakes, did ceramics, ran like a very large, probably unlicensed daycare facility with me and my little brothers.


And I was the first one to be able to kind of get out. And when I left, the town I grew up in was called Dublin and everyone around us called it Scrubland. I started to realize that And I think very much resented that. It felt like there were like two paths of opportunity in America, like certainly in my community, which was like if your parents knew someone or they had like means or they had connections, like you could go and try and be anything. And if they didn't then you had to like work your ass off probably twice as hard as anyone else. And so I started looking at like different political parties And I thought, well, Democrats believe in kind of a free market approach, which is like when we're at our best, I think that if you work hard, no matter who you are, you should do better and be and dream bigger.


And Republicans, I I saw was like a free for all approach. But the truth is, I went to college on a soccer scholarship, so I never really thought beyond the next game. It was only when I got injured that I had a high school mentor, a teacher. He said, why don't you go to DC rehab the injury intern for your member of Congress and see if you liked it. And I happened to be there summer of 2001. I loved it. And I was working for a, a very moderate democratic member of Congress. Her name was Ellen Tauscher. And saw that place as a center of gravity, a place that could get things done. And I, I knew I didn't, especially after September 11 being there on September 11 that I didn't wanna go back to sports anymore. It kind of seemed trivial compared to like what was going on in The World.


But yeah, my parents are still republicans today. I have three little brothers. I, they don't talk about it that much, but I'm pretty sure I know who they voted for. And I married a girl from Southern Indiana who grew up in the same town as the PEs. Her mom was the Pence family dentist until she retired last year. So I have to go on Fox News if any anyone in my family's gonna see me on tv. 'cause was It a particular moment or a situation that made you be like, I don't, I don't lean towards conservative anymore. It, it was in the Bush presidency, you know, seeing a lot of people that I grew up with go off, you know, to a rock and feeling like it was bullshit.


Like what they were being told and, and that it was really more just a power grab and an oil grab. And it wasn't about the reasons that they were being told. I think that was kind of that completed for me, the transformation. But it was really more about opportunity. 'cause as I said, like I grew up in, in a very like, working class home and the towns that were around us were very wealthy. And so because I played competitive soccer, I got to see, and, and our town didn't have a competitive soccer team, so I played in, in like the wealthier towns teams. And I got to see like what the richer kids thought of the poorer kids by playing on their teams. And honestly it was a little bit of just like resenting that they were able to take shortcuts and people who worked hard, like they just, they had to do it twice as hard.


And I thought, well, one party actually thinks if we all have about the same opportunity, and then you're defined by how hard you work, not by who you know. And I thought the Democratic party embodied that more than the Republican party. Do you think we'll ever get back to centrist politics ever Again? I hope so. Emini here. I I was also, you know, I came of age when Bill Clinton was president And I thought, you know, he was very good at trying to find like what's possible. And I see myself as wanting to do this job, you know, to solve problems and be in the solutions business. And today it feels very like just zero sum. Like whoever wins the other side says that this is it. Yeah. And that actually goes back, you know, you had the search and destroy under Bill Clinton when they wanted to do anything over a, a sex scandal to destroy the guy.


And then George Bush comes in And I would say Democrats are probably guilty of saying like, this is, you know, the most existential threat to our country. You know, we're gonna lose our country if George Bush is reelected and then Obama comes in and you get like this birtherism bullshit. And then when the real threat came in Donald Trump, I think most Americans were like, okay, that's just what you guys say every time. That's just what you say. So when the real threat was there, we probably didn't appreciate it. I was, I want to ask, what do you think the biggest thing the Democrats got wrong in the last Election? Immigration and public safety. Break it down. So 40% of my constituents were born outside the United States. It's probably one of the largest like groups of immigrant communities you'll find in America.


And we also happen to be today because we've embraced immigration, one of the wealthiest districts now in America. So there's a straight line between having people who left everything showed resilience, created something, and like the wealth they can create in their community, right? So when you have like legal immigration channels, there's no end. But the American people, they're not gonna let you solve the workforce crisis in agriculture, in hospitality, in restaurants, food and beverage. They're not like gonna let you attack that until they see security at the border and the perception that the border was outta control and the reality that the border was outta control was a problem.


So I think if we had just doubled down and said, yeah, we want border security, we want, if, if people are gonna make asylum claims, we're gonna, you know, put resources there to adjudicate those claims as quickly as possible. But if it's seen that all you have to do is just come to the United States or like cross an insecure border and, and then you can have access to resources. People aren't gonna want to hear your plan to have a million people come here and work on the jobs that really need to be filled. And so I, I think we just weren't seen strong enough on that issue. And then on law and order, I, I think we rightfully fought for criminal justice reform rightfully, but we were too, too much identified as like a defund the police party.


And I think you can have both because Okay, I was gonna, again, I'll let you finish, but I wanna ask you something about that. Yeah. People want, people want safety in their community. They also don't want like the wrong person going to jail or people going to jail for petty shit. But they wanna feel safe in the community. And we weren't perceived as a party that was gonna keep you safe. I was gonna ask you, so my father's a retired police officer as well. One of my dad's biggest things, and even some of the police officers that I speak with is that when people criminals get arrested, it feels like they are cared for more than the victim. A lot of times they go in, there's no bail, they come right back out, they do the crime over and over again. There's no harsh anything when it comes to it.


They don't get arrested if they do jail time, it's usually community services have to spend a weekend in jail. And it feels like there's career criminals doing the same thing over and over again. A lot of people in the public feel like it's not safe for them. What are your thoughts on that? Yeah, I get that perception And I was a prosecutor in Oakland for seven years and it was very frustrating that many times I felt like the victims had none of the rights and the bad guys had all of the rights. And, and so for me it's really focus on like serious violent, sexual, those three. If, if you like, throw the book at those three right? And, and throw the resources at those three and then you show compassion and redemption for non-serious, non-sexual nonviolent and, and believe that those folks, you know, have a pathway into our community.


I think you can get it right, but right now, I'll give you an example in California. So we had a prosecutor in my county who would not charge gun crimes. So if someone committed like a homicide or an attempted homicide, she would not charge the gun crime that could add like 25 years to life and, and, and put away the worst in the community. And the, and Oakland's crime weight soared. And so I led a recall effort against her because people just weren't feeling safe. She also refused to prosecute any misdemeanors at all. And we recalled her with 62% in Oakland and Berkeley. And, and so that I think shows that even liberal communities want public safety.


They want compassion. They don't believe that, you know, people are irredeemable. But at the end of the day, if people don't feel safe, no one's gonna invest in your community. You're not gonna have great schools and your home values if you're able to, you know, buy a house, it's just gonna tank. And so you have to focus on public safety. You mentioned two things. You mentioned border and you mentioned law and order, which I agree with. 'cause you know, I always say I don't care what your race is, what your sexuality is, what your gender is. If you're an American, you want two things. You wanna have some money in your pocket and you want to feel safe. I think what people missed about the border issue was it wasn't just a matter of security, it was a matter of people felt like these individuals were coming into America and getting more resources than people who had been here for years.


And I think one of the most brilliant things that Republicans did was start shipping those migrants to the Chicagos and to the New York cities and to the Mar Vineyards because then it became a problem for those major cities. 'cause it's easy to say, Hey, we're sanctuary cities if you're all the way up here, so if you're really sanctuary cities, then take care of them. And that's when people in those communities started complaining about, oh, how are they coming here? And they're getting, you know, room and board, how are they getting money in their pocket? But we've been here suffering all of those years. So my question is, why have Democrats lost the economy war? Because since World War ii, whenever there's a re a Democrat in the White House, the economy does better. Why aren't y'all able to message that?


Yeah. And and and to your point, if you're a family in Long Island and you see folks staying at hotels that you would not be able to afford to st put your family in. Yeah. I I can see why that, you know, creates resentment. It was a cheap shot what those governors did. But Emini here, they, they won the messaging more on that. And, and we're still on defense. Look on the economy. What where we're at right now is we're, we're in this Trump slump where 4 0 1 Ks have become 2 0 1 Ks. The Trump tariffs are jacking up the cost of everything at Home Depot, Walmart, target. And so people are starting to pay. But I think the way we win, but Things weren't much better than Biden either under Biden, you know, and, and, and it was insulting for people to scream, omics and talk about how good the economy is doing.


And the GDP is up and the stock market is up. Yeah. The people I'm talking about ain't got no stocks. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So how can you, how can you lie to people about what they're actually putting in their pocket? Yeah. So to me it should be, if you're willing to bet on yourself and work hard, you should have a country that's gonna bet on you. Right? And so home ownership should be within reach for anyone who works full time. And, and so I have legislation that gives $25,000 down payment to any teacher, for example, who's gonna teach within their community. And I, And I would bump it up for the higher cost areas also, I, I think for small businesses, regulations do get in the way, you know, small, small and medium sized businesses are competing against giants.


And the giants have like in-house legal teams that can cut through all the regulations, that can hire lobbyists to find a workaround. And small and medium sized businesses see these regulations as some of the biggest hurdles. And so I would look at, for example, for a small business, if you start a small business in a community, I would let you defer your taxes for the first three years, you gotta pay 'em. But once you hit three years, which is about how long it takes to, you know, get not post revenue but post profit, then you can start paying your taxes. But I, I would do more to give people incentives to invest early on and, and allow them to ride out those early years so that we are an entrepreneur entrepreneurial society.


And, And I, I think that's what where Democrats are at our best is when we bet on people who are willing to bet on themselves. I think Democrats miss people though, because when you talk about home ownership Yeah. And small businesses, that's literally like a middle class thing. Like, like, you know, you know how hard it is to be able to afford a home. Like, like some people I'm talking about are just folks who want to find an apartment that's not $3,000 a month. You know, they just want to have a couple of meals on they, on they table, you know, throughout the day for they kids. Yeah. Like this that, like, we never speak to that. Yeah. It feels like we always talk to the middle class Yeah. And above that. But we never talk to who's lower in the middle class. But I Want us to be aspirational. And, And I think a weakness of the Democratic party is, my parents would tell you when people told them that as Republicans, they were voting against their interests because we lived in 13 different houses.


I went to 11 different schools before I graduated high school. And people would say, well, you're Republican and you're voting for Republicans. The Democrats are the ones that are gonna protect people in your economic class. And my parents, my mom would say, my interest is not being poor. And so she saw the Republican party as talking to her as we are aspirational for you. And I think Democrats at our best, yes, I I want us to have more inventory and housing so that the cost of housing comes down. And in California, frankly, a lot of the laws in California get in the way of builders and developers bring in more inventory, you know, on stock so that you can have more affordable housing.


Yes. I want that for people just basic housing. Yes. That, that is a need. But I want people to aspire for owner for ownership because I think when you own like a piece of America, like that fulfills the American promise that if you work hard, like you can own something. And for most Americans, the greatest source of wealth is their home. But more and more Americans, especially my generation, home ownership is outta reach, believe it or not, I'm still paying off student loan debt. I've got about $80,000 in student loan debt today. And many people like me who chase that dream of being the first to go to college, they're just in the quicksand of student loan debt. And they think that the American promise is bullshit because they're, they don't own a piece of it.


So I, I want us to be more aspirational, put more housing in America so that you increase the inventory and you increase the ability of people, you know, as I said, to have skin in the ownership game. But How do we get those poor and disenfranchised people to even get to a, a mindset of aspirational? 'cause right now they're just trying to survive. Yeah. It it starts in school and it's gonna get worse with ai. So what what we're seeing right now with AI is that you're gonna have people who learn the skills of AI and, and they will do better for themselves 'cause they know it. And then you're gonna have a whole generation of people who never even had it in their classroom. And I, but I think what you said as well is, is if you can give people that down payment, right. Help 'em with their first down payment.


Also what they do with teachers and police officers in certain areas help 'em with their taxes if they live in certain areas. If you do that, it gives people three to five years to at least get on their feet and to start off. And that gives them the foundation to at least help them out if their people are able to do it. But if you help 'em out with their first down payment and they, and their taxes is still high and their state taxes are still high and then ag prices are, are through the roof and orange juice is through the roof, it's it's gonna be, they're gonna lose their home. Yeah. And, and when, when you're taxing wages and, and, and the wealth, you know, their income is not in, you know, wage and salary and, and their taxes are much lower because it's, it's in, you know, either stocks or funds. Well, they know how to play the game or investments.


Yeah. So and so you have unfairly set up the equation where wage workers are actually proportionately pay more Correct. Of what they make. And, and that's wrong. And, And I would, I would flip that. I wanna ask you, is the Republican party a bigger threat to democracy than foreign adversaries right now? Yes. Why do you say that there, the accomplices in the Republican party to Donald Trump because they are so afraid of the sky and it's, it's, it is like a cult. Like they are terrified. Well, one, they believe many of them see in him someone who's willing to do what they've always wanted to do, but were never able to do. And then the others who could pump the brakes and stop it, and the margins are close enough in Congress that it just takes a few to stop it.


Those who know better are terrified. So I, I hear this in the, so there's a couple places where I go where I get the real from these guys where I hear like, what is really going on? It's the house gym. So there's this member's gym where only members can work out the fitness staff. They Don't look like they're in shape at all. But go ahead. We, we, that's right. They, they should probably spend more time there Just talking, But only members are allowed. So you can have, and there's no cameras, you know, no phones allowed. Thank you Anthony Wiener. Those photos came from the membership. Hilarious. And that's where I hear like, what's really going on, you know, at like the workout stations or being on the treadmill next to someone's elliptical.


And I used to think it was that they were afraid of losing their jobs. And it's not that they're afraid of losing their jobs, they're afraid of their personal security. And, and one member recently told me, he said, look, my wife told me, like don't, the phrase was, don't be the tallest poppy in the field. Like if you speak out, life's gonna be hell for your kids. I'm, I'm not gonna enjoy going to church. We're not gonna be welcome at the country club. We're gonna get all these death threats. So they look at like Adam Kininger and Liz Cheney and they're like, that is hell. Like, why would I want that? Sad but true To me. It's like, find another job. Right? Like, there's a lot of other job. I hope I work with people who are otherwise employable. Like, this isn't the only job you could get if you're in Congress, but for a lot of them it's just personal security.


'cause it's just one like Trump or Musk tweet. And now, because i I live it every day now your life's turned upside down and you have the death threats and you probably don't have the resources to protect yourself. Right? And so that's a big chunk of it. Then for the others who I call accomplices, you've got this professional wrestling environment. So I will bump into people in the gym. I'll give you an example. After during the second impeachment, I was one of the prosecutors for Donald Trump. And on a break from that trial, I was in the restroom right off the Senate floor and Ted Cruz is at the sink next to me.


And as we're both washing his, our hands, he puts his fist out and he goes, Hey, we never met. I'm Ted. And I'm like, what the fuck? And I'm like, Hey Ted. And the night before he was on Fox News just roasting me by name and he could tell I was confused. And he goes, I want you to know you're doing a really good job out there. And I'm like, what? What are you talking about? And then it occurred to me, oh, like we're in the bathroom. There's no camera, we're not in a hearing. He's not on Fox News. It's just professional wrestling. Like when we're in the hearing room or on the floor, he's gonna hit me over the head with a steel chair because that's what he thinks the fans want.


I see. Right. I call the fans constituents, he thinks of these folks as fans, but when no one's around, it's just two guys broing out. Because to him it's just entertainment. And, and so there's so many of my colleagues who I don't even know what the hell they believe because they act one way on camera and then a completely different way when the camera's off. And the way that they're acting on camera is to completely enable and be accomplices to Donald Trump. But isn't That all of y'all though? I don't, the reason, reason I don, so I don't, I hope not. I just finished reading the original sin. So when I hear you talk, I'm like, well what was the Democrats excuse when they chose to be accomplices in the cover up of Biden? This physical and mental decline. It's the same thing Y'all did the same y'all got on television and pretended to act like everything was fine knowing behind the scenes.


Yeah. He was not the one. Well, I don't think many of us were behind the scenes. I don't, to be honest, I don Emini here. I I didn't spend much time with President Biden behind the scenes. I wasn't, I I didn't spend no time with him at all. Yeah. But, And you saw Seated immediately, you know what, Emini here, you had your two eyes. I got it. Yes, I got it. But what, what we're the difference, I would argue is that what Donald Trump is doing right now, you know, to our democracy, you know, completely, completely taking a wrecking ball to the rule of law. What he's doing it because Democrats saw what was happening with President Biden and knew that he should have been a transitional president. Yeah. And didn't push for him to say, Hey Mr.


Biden, good job, you won 2020. Yeah. But we need something to do for 2024. I don Dunno, if you remember I was, I was the pass the torch guy. Like I was the first presidential debate. My campaign lasted probably as long as this interview. And, but during the debate I said, pass the torch for that reason. I wanted a generational change then. And yes. Would it have been better if he had done that once He had all of those successes, you know, going into the midterms? Absolutely. And And I, I do think going forward we would be best served if the DNC put in place a rule that said, we will not nominate a president who is collecting social security.


Hey. So if you're old, if you're old enough to collect social security, you probably should not be president. I I think we have to be the party of the future going forward. So make the cutoff 67. And is It age or cognitive decline though? Because Emini here, Joe Emini here. Donald Trump. It'ss perception though. It's perception. Donald Trump's only a few years, less few years younger than Biden or somebody like Bernie right Now. And he's, and he's crazy. He's fucking crazy. Like, listen to the guy. He spoke to the West Point cadets the other day and he was talking about trophy wives, right? And everyone, there's like, wait, we, this is the guy that's sending us off, you know, into battle. No, he's, he's losing it too. And I, so what about Bernie Sands? I think we need to pass a torch. Like we, we have plenty of, you know, great leaders.


We have a deep bench that could lead us, you know, that are not in their eighties. And so if we wanna be the party of the future, if we wanna have ideas of the future, if we wanna take on ai, right? If, if we wanna understand these issues that our kids are gonna have to inherit, I think you need to look like the future. So I, I believe what I,


If you are not watching BMF on stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture, even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flannery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more The cast is stacked and the storylines next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th only on Stars. And The Stars app


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thank suits available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like it's your own private insert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org Number 30 30


Said back in 2019 at that debate and, And I believe it now And I I hope we get that message when we start to think about 2028. But we can't even have free and fair elections in 2028 if we don't win the midterms. If if we lose the midterms, forget it. There will not be free and fair elections in this country. I agree. I agree with you. I I agree. I do have a question. You know, we look at Donald Trump and Donald Trump has been signing executive orders, pardoning his people, his core to the people in the public. It looks like he looks out for his own. Yeah. The Democrats don't look out, look like they look out for their own. Talk about that a little bit. Yeah. Because somebody who sees that says, well why am I messing with Biden where Biden wouldn't pardon his best friend. He would pardon his son Wouldn't pardon his best friend with Donald Trump pardoning anybody that rides from, he definitely Pardoned a lot of his best friends.


Yeah. It wouldn't pardon Marilyn movie though. Yeah. I think the issue is Democrats are weak with power. Say it again. I didn't Hear you. Democrats are weak when we have power. So we had the White House, the House and the Senate and not a mom in America would say that her kid was safer at school. Right? Right. So I have three little kids, my two oldest, they do mass shooter drills, they're eight and they're six. Mine do as well. And so they would look at Democrats and say, wait, we gave you that Holy Trinity White House Senate house and y'all couldn't pass background checks or an assault weapons ban. And you let what like the filibuster get in the way of it. So if Democrats and, and Republicans, by the way, they, they will lean in with thin power and pass unpopular positions.


So if we were as strong with power to pass popular positions, imagine how people would perceive us. Almost 80% of gun owning Republicans believe in background checks and we couldn't even get that done. So I, I think the next president and the next Democratic majority has to flex when we have power. I think we have to also go after, we have to have an anti-corruption agenda as well. I think we have to clean up and clear out the Supreme Court frankly. 'cause I think Donald Trump is now just saying it out loud that he corruptly appointed judges to the Supreme Court. He's in this little fight with Leonard Leo and he said, I was told these judges and these justices on the courts, you know, were going to go my way.


And he's upset that some of 'em aren't Emini here. He's saying out loud that he has corrupted the court. So we need to put in place, I think term limits on the court. I think we need to have a code of ethics for these justices. I don't think members of of Congress should be trading stocks. I don't trade individual stocks apparently. That's why I'm still long paid off school debt. Yeah. But I do see the opportunity for us, you know, to win the midterms, win the presidency and flex with power and, and get rid of the filibuster and show people that when we have power, we know what to do with it. They Should have been got rid of filibuster. Could I, I wanna ask you this about Donald Trump. Why do a lot of democrats still talk like Donald Trump is campaigning? Like when I hear y'all speak, it's like everything is anti-Trump.


anti-Trump, anti-Trump. Which I understand 'cause you know, he is doing a lot of things that I would consider corrupt and unconstitutional. But he's in the White House already. Yeah. Like you're not running against him anymore. Yeah. You still talk like you're campaigning against him. Yeah. Like you're trying to convince America he's bad. He's bad, he's bad. Yeah. He's in the White House. He's the president. Yeah. There has to be another strategy. Well the strategy should be to tie him to the Republican accomplices. 'cause 'cause those are the folks who you can hold accountable in two years. Right? You, you're not gonna be able to vote for Donald Trump next November. But you can vote for the Republicans that allow these tariffs, you know, to happen. You can vote, you know, for the Republicans who have taken away, you know, your access to healthcare.


You can vote for the Republicans who have enabled the doctors who do cancer research at the NIH, you know, to be fired by the way there, there's a brain drain happening right now where European and Canadian leaders are calling our best cancer researchers, our best cybersecurity experts, our best engineers, and saying, I'll give you a visa. I'll fund your research. Come here. And so we are losing the best. So we have to tie Trump's actions to those who are also complicit. 'cause you can actually hold them accountable and you can vote them out. So What about when you see people like Elon Musk speaking out against the GOPs, you know, mega Bill saying that it's gonna add money to the deficit or you know, even there's a lot of people I respect That.


Yeah, I Respect that and I've, I've been seeing a lot of people in the GOP do that to me that's something that I never even used to see Democrats do in regards to Biden. So to your point, what I think is gonna happen is people are just gonna lean back towards more just a traditional conservative because they still seem like they're being honest and the Democrats still feel like they full of shit. We, we have that trust deficit because of what happened in the last election. And then that's why I think the best way to address it is to promise that you're gonna look like the party of the future and say, you know what, like we're gonna nominate someone who looks like the future. I I think that acknowledges the issue in the last election. Contrast yourself with who the current president is.


And by the way, it's gonna be a shit show for them to sort out who their nominee is in 2028. Because you have the question of whether Trump would run again, whether it would be a son, we Shouldn't even be discussing it. No, No. We, because if we lose the midterms, by the way, it, it doesn't matter. So the midterms is my focus and, and tying Trump's actions to those who are voting on all of this in the midterms to, that's the way to win. But we, our, our message has to be, as I said, aspirational that if you bet on yourself, you will have a government that'll bet on you that that's how I'm approaching this. I'm doing town halls in Republican districts twice a month where they won't hold town halls. And I'm seeing not just the Democratic base show up, but Republicans, independents, and a lot of veterans, a lot of service member hats at these town halls.


'cause no one has fired more veterans and, and no, no one's enabled it more than Republicans in Congress. And so we have a real opportunity in the midterms. We need just three seats and we can cut our time in hell in half by winning the midterms. I was Reading the Wall Street Journal yesterday and they asked the question about David Hog. We had David Ho here a couple weeks ago. And the question was, is David hog Democrats worst nightmare or their savior? I'm on David's board And I was on his board when he founded it. I've known him since Parkland. 'cause that's the issue I care the most about. Look, David's not wrong. That the question is not, are you far left or center left? It's will you bring old tactics or new tactics? I agree.


And and if, if you're not up to bring new tactics to take on what's happening, then these times are revealing who should lead and who should leave. I agree. So Emini here, I I I think that anybody who is not putting up the proper fight, they should be primary. But I think it's gonna take democratic. When you talk about the future of the Democratic party, the future of the democratic party is going to be, you know, it's gonna take some of those people now that's the future to throw the old regime under the bus. Well, and, and it's going to take like this avengers like model of Jasmine Crockett, Maxwell Frost, Robert Garcia, people that you'd not seen before. Just step up and, and then we're gonna get to the end of this year and we're gonna win in Virginia and New Jersey in those governor's races.


It's gonna give us momentum. And then the leader becomes, I think the, the leader is today. But the publicly perceived leader is Hakeem Jeffries. Right. Because he's gotta make the case. He's that we're winning the house. He's terrible, But that He's the leader of the party and he's got in, in the fall, fall My position only. Yeah, but he's he's got, he's the, if we win, he's the speaker, right? So he's gotta make the case in the fall that this is the agenda, these are the seats win there. And now we have the majority in the house. The Reason I don't trust guys like Hakeem is because he's so willing to still bend a knee to the old regime. He's not gonna ever speak out against Chuck Schumer. He's never gonna do that. But I can.


But he you're not the leader. Yeah. I want the leader to do I want Hakeem Jeffries. Yeah. To speak out against Chuck Schumer. When Chuck Schumer says, Hey we gotta support this bill that Donald Trump is doing. You gotta say no, we gotta hold the line. You have to be willing to speak out against people in your own party. That's the only way to gain trust from people. And, and you've seen at least on the house side, that we've held the line. Right? Not a single one of us voted for reconciliation. No one voted to keep, you know, the, the Doge government open when that vote came in March. And, and as I said, I have seen colleagues who no one knew their name until a couple months ago emerge. And that's encouraging to me. It just shows that there is a deep bench. And that's why I think being the party of the future has to be our priority.


Because the past was rejected last November. Why should we ever trust the Democratic party after they lied to us so long about President Biden? And I'm big on this because I just read the original Senate and I'm just like, I don't, I don't see, I think that Democrats have tried every strategy except for two things. Honesty and courage. Yeah. Well there's a lot of people who are courageous right now in the Democratic party. Our bread and butter issue are dance with the one that brought you is healthcare. People have always trusted us on healthcare. That's our issue from President Johnson to President Obama to when Donald Trump tried to take it away. That's how we won the house in 2018. And now this reconciliation bill is gonna take 14 million people off their healthcare. We're not only gonna protect healthcare 'cause I, I think protecting healthcare is not enough.


We need to invest in cures and these motherfuckers are firing cancer doctors. So we have a real clean contrast. We're for cures, they're for cancer. Right? Like so, like that's why you should trust us because 40% of Americans are gonna get a phone call from a doctor to say, I'm sorry you have cancer. And so you're gonna, if it doesn't come to you, it's gonna come to someone you know. And so you want the party that believes in your healthcare and that you have a right to fight it and not go broke. And, And I think we have a chance to do that. Do you think, well I know Democrats do have a messaging problem 'cause it's almost like Democrats love facts and figures, but Republicans talk to people's gut, their emotion.


When will y'all learn to hit back emotionally? We think messaging is winning a Harvard Law School moot court competition. And I think messaging is winning a gut check at the bar or the bus stop. And so it means just speaking plainly and when you see the other side elect a 34 count felon, you should probably see yourself as liberated to Just say what you believe and not be so polished and scripted and try and project what you think a politician should sound like. 'cause people can call bullshit. That's right. And they're calling bullshit. And so I I I hope what you're seeing now is more and more of my colleagues liberated.


Can it produce some cringe moments? Yes. But the other part of this is to always be on, like always be on. And I'll give you an example. If you look at the 20, the last election, many people would say the biggest mistake Kamala Harris made was when she went on the view and said that she wouldn't do anything different. He different Than, I think the biggest mistake was that it would be I think four or five days from when she said that to when she did another interview. Donald Trump makes five mistakes an hour, but he's always on. And so it just washes it out. And so when you allow that amount of time to go by, you're gonna be defined by the other side. And so I think the lesson is, one, be yourself, but always beyond go to as many places as possible.


After the election, I saw that 68% of the people who voted identify in some form or another as Christian. So I told my staff, I said, put us on the top 20 Christian podcasts. So for the last four months, about once every other week, I'm going on a Christian podcast just to try and go to more spaces. But you get it and places and most people don't. I think more and more are though That's hilarious though. That's like going the opposite of the bro. You like y'all go to Andrew and Theo and Rogan, I'm going to the Christian. Right? But like I'm a Christian And I, I don't wanna be defined by what Republicans think of me. Like I don't wear it on my sleeve and my politics like they do, but I also don't want 68% of the electorate to think that I don't respect or understand who they are.


And so to me, be yourself. Always be on. 'cause if you're not always on, you're gonna get defined. And, and and this happened to us in the last election on issues that we weren't talking about that much, but they would define and exaggerate and then we found ourselves on defense 'cause we were too scripted and we were too cautious. But you Also know, you know, vice president Kamala Harris, the reason she did that on the view is because nobody wanted to piss Biden off. Biden wanted his legacy to be intact. Like if you could read the original sin and see that he cares more about his legacy and his ego and how the Biden name is perceived than anything. So he put himself over the party and the future of America. So she didn't wanna break away from that.


I bet you she had staunch marching orders. Do not break away from Biden. Don't make his legacy look crazy. And and this is a leadership test, right? Like you have to show like whether you're gonna be your own person or not. And that's, that's what people were looking for. You came up during Obama's rise, right? I I came in in 2012. 2012. Yeah. So, so what do you, what do you think the Democratic party lost after Obama exited? I think we are perceived as protecting the status quo too. Definitely. And, and when we, like, here's a perfect example, we will say, you know, we need to protect democracy. And people are like, protect democracy.


Democracy isn't working for me. Like why would I wanna protect a corrupt system when we probably should be approaching it as like we need to fix democracy. It's too hard for most people to vote in a democracy. You have a, a legal system where the wealthiest can find their way out of it while everyone else, you know, is subjected, you know, to it. Money buys you access in this democracy. You can go to Trump's meme, coin dinner, spend a million dollars and then get the bill you want passed or the pardon you need for your family members. So people don't look at democracy, something that needs to be protected. They look at it as something that needs to be completely fixed.


And I think we have been seen as defenders of the status quo and, and not willing to be bold enough to break and smash things to help regular people. And that's what I'm saying. I I really feel that the future of the Democratic party, in order to be the future, you have to throw those old regimes under the bus. Thank you for your service, but that don't work anymore. Especially after what just happened over the last four years. Yeah. No message received. And if you don't get that message, I don't think your voters are gonna keep you in. Frankly. I got a couple more questions. Yeah. Did that, did the Chinese spies scandal hurt your credibility or did republicans just weaponize like a, a nothing burger so to speak? You know, the fact that the FBI and the House Ethics Committee said it was bullshit.


Like, I, I would hope that would be enough. But like in a disinformation society, like I recognize that it's everyone on the right's favorite meme. My wife tells me all the time, you know what the second they're not going after you, you're not effective. And and so I wear it as a badge of honor that these guys would wanna lie about me all the time because I think it means that I'm landing punches politically on them that sting. And, and frankly I think a lot of Republicans look at me as like, oh, that's a straight white Christian male son of a cop like everyone else, like him looks like me.


So when he comes at me, it's more betrayal to them. Like I've, I've heard that Oh wow. From them on their side that that's, that's why they take it so personally. So I'm not going away and, and they can say what they want and the death threats will come. But if they think I'm gonna drop my lawsuit from January 6th against the president, or if I regret being an impeachment manager or if I'm not gonna like go out and work my ass off to help us win the midterms like the wrong, like I'm, I'm not going away. I was, I came from nothing. I was raised by a cop who did the right thing. Like to me, I'm playing with the house's money, so to speak. And so this is just a right or wrong mission for me. Do You get a lot of pushback from your party because of you?


You, you talk so real, you really don't give a fuck about what you say. You speak from the heart. No, no, I don't think so. Actually a lot of the newer members will come to me before they do like bigger interviews and ask you how to be honest. Yeah. And I, I try And I try and be the mentor to newer younger members that I didn't have when I came in. I will say the best mentor I had was Nancy Pelosi. Not necessarily on messaging but just on like wielding power. She put me on the intelligence committee in my sophomore term. She put me at the seat next to her on the leadership committee as the chair of the steering policy on my third term.


And so I learned like upfront and center with her, you know, how to like work the caucus and wield power Emini here. 'cause she knew how to flex that woman knew how to flex. She's one of the greatest leaders I think we'll have had in our country in a hundred years. Made A lot of money too inside trading. We should not trade stocks, period. I Don your student loan debt. If you look on That, We should not trade stocks. But I try and mentor the younger members and, and what I tell 'em as I said is give me your zero draft when you're asked a question. Don't give me your fir like when you're doing an interview, don't give your first draft or your second draft, just give what's in here because that's probably what got you here. And, and the second you start trying to, as I said, make it appropriate for everyone, then you lose politicly.


Correct everyone. Yeah. So no, I I haven't, if there is pushback, they're not saying it to my face. You know, when it comes to social media, you know, they, they are, they do try to kill your credibility all the time with the Fang fang memes, right? So, yeah. Do you think people should I laugh at 'em? My my best buddies will just send them to me And I'm like, God damnit. But you think you, you think people trust politicians who speak out against foreign interference when they themselves has been caught up in it. Even if they were cleared. Yeah. Even, even though you were cleared. I, I hope they would see that. Like the reason by the way, when this volunteer came to our campaign in Barack Obama's first term, so that's how long ago it was.


And I, I see it as because the FBI said, we don't know who this person is, so we want you to help us understand it. And then the FBI said, all I did was help. I see it as I have more credibility. Because when I had someone who we didn't understand who they were trying to help my campaign, I didn't say, Hey, can you raise a lot of money for me? Can I build, you know, a real estate deal in your country's capital? Can you help get me votes for my election? No. I said, I'm gonna work with law enforcement. When Donald Trump did the opposite, right? When he had Russians come to him, he was like, Russia, if you're listening, still trying to do a Trump Tower deal in Moscow.


So I would say I actually did what you would hope any elected official would do. But I get it. Like this is, as I said in the beginning, it's all existential now. It, it's, it's as Bill Clinton called it, the politics of personal destruction. Like they have to destroy me because I'm a threat. And look at, look at what Jasmine's going through, right? She's real, she lands on them. And so they, they are all over her. And I've told her, I said, they're, they're gonna do this to you until you go away and you can't hide under the bed. And she's not hiding under the bed, no doubt. And she's not going, she's not going away. But that, that's what they want you to do. And they're, they're very effective at finding the threats in our party and trying to make 'em go away.


And as I said, I'm, you can't intimidate me. Like I, I've lived with like the power going out when I was a kid and we all scrambled to figure out how we're gonna turn the power back on. Like, I've lived through the worst, like some Chinese meme that you're gonna make about me. Like that doesn't bother me. My last question, is there anything Democrats can do to stop the GOP mega bill? Yes. Continue to go to Republican districts and put pressure on, I'm getting 700 to a thousand people in these districts when I go and do town halls. And that downward pressure that, that is, we only need to flip three of them in the house when it, if it comes back again. Same thing in the Senate. And we have senate seats that we did not think were in play, that are gonna be in play, not just North Carolina, but also Florida, Iowa Emini.


Here look at the Senator of Iowa two weeks ago, you would not have said that Iowa was gonna be a threat. And then the Senator of Iowa went out and said, well, who cares if we're cutting Medicaid? We're all gonna die anyway. So like going to those states, doing these town halls, bringing out not just Republicans, but also independents, not just Democrats, but Republicans and Independents. That works. And it's also an organizing tool, a muscle for us, you know, to exercise so that we're ready to flex it at the midterms next November. And should Democrats who support this bill be shamed? No. Democrats who support this bill? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, do not support this bill. Yeah. Is this this, this is the same bill that Chuck Schumer said he wanted to support, Right? No, no. That was the spending bill.


That was the spending bill. Yeah. And that's gonna come back up in September, And I hope we learned our lesson from what happened in March. Gotcha. That we should not be helping these guys get well, because as I said, they're firing cancer doctors. That's what, when you fund their government, you're funding a government that is firing cancer doctors. Are they really cutting Medicaid? Yes. Because they say they're not so Emini here. They say a lot of shit that they're actually doing. Yeah. Emini here. We don't read the bill, so I don't know. Yeah, yeah. No, they're really cutting Medicaid. It's really in it that they want to cut Medicaid. Yes, it will. It will kick 14 million people off Medicaid. Wow. 14 million people. Wow. So Well, Congressman Eric Swalwell, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah. My, this morning, my, yeah. And don't be a stranger. I'll be Back. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where Drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season Premier June 6th, only on Stars. And The Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admit, they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp, and fresh. It's the reason. It's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.