
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I'm a good lawyer. And. I wanna win on August 22nd? I think gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. We don't follow the right plan. We lose The His series. Reasonable Doubt returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster Starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Loving. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear Up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Torn capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan torn guide in orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good you'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Okay, you say I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously. When you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring Home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit mic the app for details.


Ba wake that ass up In the morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club. Charlamagne to God. You know Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. Envy is actually in Oh, Louisiana. Oh wow. I know that. Yeah, she on maternity leave Any moment. So Lauren Lar says, guest hosting and we got, man, I feel like Legends is an understatement. I feel like icons is an understatement. Yes. Mannie. Fresh and Juvenile. 25 years of Back That ass up. God. Yes sir. Lord have Mercy. Yeah, man, bro, I mean, the way you even represented You know a lot of this started with You know you giving it acronyms and all of that and You know giving it his praise as Well. It's a Negro spiritual.


Yes. Yes, Bro. A negro spiritual back. That ass up is a Negro Spiritual To this day. Did y'all still think y'all would have people backing that ass up 25 years later? Hell no. Not I did. He might see, I felt Yeah, You know You felt it. You Know, man, man, the Club dude. Me You know personally as a mc, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't see it. I was trying to enjoy myself with, with You know moment. I had You know. Yeah. I I I saw it like You know from the very beginning of You know we did that song three times Over What? And we was making it. Yeah. Because You know every time he did a rap, You know I felt like it was beating up my beat. So I did something to, to compliment what he was doing. Wow. So when I did it again, he did a better rap.


And I was just like, shit You know what I'm saying? So by the third time we felt like, okay, this is it. This Is The World. So the the version we got now was was the third. The third the Third, yeah. Wow. Yeah, You know what I'm saying? Because every time we did it, it elevated You know and it, and it got better and better. And when we finally was like this, the one I was like, oh yeah, this gonna be the one to He lied to y'all. He was trying to beat, he was trying to kill me on the, so I was trying to beat him up. So we got The Nashville, he was about to turn it. I'm like, look bro, y'all gotta let me go one more time. Like one more time, bro. So I changed it. 'cause at first I was doing a lot of Rapp And I changed it to the One word thing. To the Yeah. And, and flipped it that way. The man was like, all right, we got one now. So with the other versions, were you being too lyrical on it then? I was.


Okay. I wasn't. It wa it wasn't, it wasn't it, it wasn't Right. Y'all still have the other two versions? No, I thought Yeah. You got rid of it. Yeah, I got rid of it. I was the Dude two Was saying You know that was the day two inches over. We can't save this. We need these tracks. Got you. So I was gonna ask y'all, do y'all remember the day y'all made it but y'all made it multiple times? Yeah, I remember though. I can remember, I can't remember the exact date, but I remember where we was. We was in Nashville. Okay. Because High End back that as Up was the last two songs. I was kind of like beating on the death. Same thing. He was rapping You. know what I'm saying? And I was like, oh shit, we got one. Right. When did Wayne get on it? Oh, after we done it, he was just like, Wayne was, Wayne was hanging around the studio and making sure he got on it.


Yeah. Making sure he got on it. Yeah. He was just like, oh, there's no way this going down without me getting on this song. And I mean I, I think he saw it as well because you, for him to hang around. Yeah. He was nobody else there. He just hanging around in the back and then when it was complete just pop up like a leprechaun or some shit. Like who? Hey, check this Out, check this out. That shit is funniest. So are we going to like, 'cause I know at Essence Festival, like there, there was like the whole thing there, but are, because this is the 25 years you guys are out here now, are we gonna get the full, you said that everybody was getting back together. Is that a thing? Is that happening? Well, as far as I'm concerned, it's still happening. You know, as far as I'm concerned, it's still happening. But we all knows what You know obviously what what happening on the internet.


So I'm trying to resolve that. So that gotta happen. You know. We gotta sit down and have a conversation about that first. What does that look like between y'all when you say resolve and have the conversation? Because, because You know y'all are brothers, y'all are family. Right? Imagine you being a big brother and your little brothers fight fussing and you, you and, and, and you, you wish you could stop it. And, and You know it's, it's pretty much nothing you can do about it. But I got a relationship with all of them. Right. You know. So it's, it's it's, it's one of them things that I'm trying to fix. I'm gonna continue to try to fix and until, until that day happens, I'm not giving up. I feel like once things get to the internet, it makes it more i unbearable than it need, than it Probably was. It does it complicate that At a certain age? Honestly, You know, especially If, you just being introduced back to The World stay off the internet You know what I'm saying?


Until you actually get your feet planted You know what I'm saying? Stay off the internet because social media, especially for me, is a tool. It's A different Curse to sell something. It ain't, it ain't where I air out my business. You feel what I'm saying? Right. So it's, it is like juvie said, we gonna keep on campaigning to fix it. You know because the fans have spoken, this is what they want. Yeah. This is a lot of people that grew up on this and this even more crazy when you don't even know what you arguing about You know what I'm saying? It's like what, what we fussing about? Like so it is weird, but yeah, we gonna keep on going. Me and me and Jewel. Y'all already see we ain't turning down collar. We out there. When when was the moment y'all realized back that Ass Up was a cultural anthem?


Like, like, because those, that happens over time. So when did y'all realize like, boy this ain't never going nowhere? I mean, I would say I'm, I would say probably at the 10 year Mark You know when, when I start realizing that, wow, I'm never gonna get a chance to take a break. People gonna keep on trying to book me for shows, bar Mitzvahs, weddings and stuff Like that. That one in 10 years. And, and yeah, 10 years in. I mean when he, the question he asked was kind of like asking me how long. Yeah. Like I make 10 years in And I said, I'm like, damn, this song ain't never dying. So Well I looked at it as from a DJ perspective, You know it was the song that pretty much as a dj, this your Go-to like this the one that save You. I love You.


know what I'm saying? When it's like, if everything else going bad, play back that ass Up You. know what I'm saying? And you could recuperate and when, when it's a song like that You know it's gonna be around for forever. Like You know. And it was always, it became the song that closed the club up close like down south. It would be that last song that they played. That's right. You know what I'm saying? And I'm like, oh yeah, this one gonna be here for a while. I've never heard of a of a song Getting a proclamation though, man. Latoya Cantrell issued issued a proclamation declaring June 11th is back that ass Up date. Yeah. So on that day, Just walk around big Ass. I don't know how they do it. I mean, but I I I think next year we gonna celebrate it to the fullest and we'll see.


We'll See. Oh, y'all got something playing? Yeah, I got something playing planned. I'm, I plan on doing something in that same park, Shakespeare Park where we shot the video, where we shot Slow motion and back that ass up. Wow. I love slow motion bringing it back home to my area. That's my, that's my neighborhood. What Does Shakespeare Park mean to to to the city? It mean a lot to me. You know a a hell of a lot to the Magnolia Project because that's our park. Right. You know a lot of all the projects in the city have a, a park that's right close to it. And I went to school right there. That's my school in front of it. Carter g Wilson, they mean everything to me bro. So they, I mean you, I mean you view Icon anyway, but when you bring things back to your community like that. Yeah. To to to memorialize the community forever and videos. Oh man. Oh yeah man. And that's the, that's the cool part about it.


You see, you see the outcome If, you look at both, both of those videos and you see how many people come out. That's all the time that it was like that. Even when Mannie Fresh came to DJ block parties in a project. And it was like that when I threw block parties in the project. And it's still like that. Even when I go back with this event, it's gonna be crazy. So 400 Degrees is still your favorite song over back that ass up to perform? Yeah, it is. I love Back that Ass Up. But Mannie Fresh will tell you that's more his song because he put all the hot points on. I always tell people that look, if Mannie Fresh is on a song, wait till it breaks. Listen to where the breaks are. Listen to what the hot points. So soon as he come in on a song, the crowd go to doing this. Oh my brother, they'd be like, You know, but they waiting on him You know what I'm saying?


So that's his song to me. 400 when I come out, I'm, I'm clowning. That's my, that's my thing. That's A Negro spiritual too though. Hello. Yeah. Especially I eat sleep Shit and talk 98 Mercedes on tv. I bought that Felony charges a fought that. Yeah. Like that. That that's one of them ones now. Yeah. Why did it take so long for the video? Like why did you never do a vi video Originally? That's, that's a universal cash money question. Yeah, because I mean it's a lot of songs on that album that I felt like that for. I we wasn't Ready to to go on to the next album. Really. You know me and him, but it was more of You know. Like he said, the powers of Be was like, Hey, it's time to do another album. 5 million Records. Listen, we was like, it's it's, it's a ton of Strike.


More for free to put more singles out off now. Yeah, It was, it was a bunch of singles on there. You know Ron Fre, I'm on Fire, I'm on Fire. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It was, it's it's, it's a bunch of 'em on there bro. That we, that we kinda like overlooked. Y'all had another one, man. I think it might have been on the second album put No, put your stress up. I got the fire, I got that fire If, you want that? I'm like, well that should have been huge too. Well that one did pretty good. That one. We actually put that one out as a single. What's pretty good? Platinum. Okay. That, that's really good. I don't Remember no video for that though. There was a video For that. We were standing on a project with the fire and all that. When I'm in, when I'm in the ley with the different phones and stuff. Yeah.


You missed that one dog. Maybe that's not the one I'm thinking about. Think about. I need a hot Girl. I need Yeah, no, the woman, he was like Slim got a big flame throw. Which one is that? Man? Everything. The what? Got a flame throw hitting him from coast to coast. Got talking About Big Guns. Big you talking about Ziglar Wiggler and Fresh on that Butler say that stretching them walls out. He gotta go to Old Clinic. That song hard. That song Hard as a Mother. What song is that? That's That's on the hot though. That's on the hot. No, that's on, that's on on my second album. I cannot think of the name of that. Right. When Come in and say I ain't terrified from nothing. I'm young, wild, crazy and disgusting. Yes. Yeah. That shit, shit that He know more than me.


'cause folks always say like, I'm like bro, I did an album. I didn't do a single. So I don't even know most of them that listen. I said we raised up looking at trees and brick Walls. That's bother. I know a song you're talking about. Yeah, That one. That's the song y'all hid on the album. 'cause If, you don't listen to that commercial with with you and Ziggy, you'll miss the song. You have to listen to that. Y'all don't have it at, So it's not it's it's after a skit. Yeah, it is after Skit. Its combined with And If you don't, yeah, If you don't listen to the skit. You don't hear the song. When y'all sat down to like put these projects together, like for that, that time. In that time, were y'all thinking like, 'cause I know sometimes like you'll hear like old like Rockefeller stories and they're like, oh well we were thinking we wanna tell stories in the videos because we knew movies were next.


Like, were you guys thinking that long out or were you just like, we wanna make good music because now you guys are soundtracks to commercials to all different people's celebrations of life. Like was it that big of an idea for you guys at the time? It was true to form like You know when we was making these records, it was, it was what we was living You know And I think that's why they, they resonated with people so well. Like, because it wasn't no gimmicks to 'em. You know right now. It would be like somebody going, oh, that's a gimmick and you saying this or doing this to us. It was just like, nah, this is how I feel today and I'm gonna write it from a real perspective. You know. And then, and then with me with some of my songs, IIII didn't make all my songs about me. Like Han was me being third person, like that person in your ear as you was that big body band.


I like psyching you up, motivating you. So I think with that, I made songs that people could You know. You will find something in the song that really relates to your life. You know. So I try to make songs that's not about me all the time. Even back of Ass Up. It Ain't About Me, it's about the women You know. So I think when, when you make songs like that, people tend to it, it, it tend to stick to people a little longer. So You know, I'm, I'm just grateful that we got opportunities to make the kind of music we made. I mean when he did You know She Get It from my Mama You know, it was just like, god damn Julie. Like that's, that's, that's touching like You know what I'm saying? I use that on Mother's Mother's Day. Really? Like a real, It's the truth. It's truth. I used it on Mother's Day You.


know what I'm saying? Like for real. It's regular conversation. I hear people say that now. Like she get it from her mom. Like you, if somebody tell my daughter she pretty, my wife would be like, she get it from her mom. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I think a lot of it might've been Barbershop Talk or whatever, but Juvie was great at picking up, dude, this is what the streets are saying right now. Right. And I'm gonna put it in a song. A Lot of of stuff used to really come from me just being in a project a lot and hearing where everybody You know, hearing, hearing stuff a lot. Lot. Right. Got you. Yeah. I was gonna ask, man, do you have a favorite album or beat that you produced? Manny? No. No. You said, you said you just been making albums. You Yeah, I don't, I don't have a favorite You know album or beat that I've done yet because I really feel like I'm not finished You know what I'm saying?


A a a lot of people will say, oh, that was it. I I, the crazy thing is to me my masterpiece might be something that only I like You know. And, and, and to me it is, it doesn't have to go to everybody. Right. It can just be like, this is my body of work that I love and I'll sit here and just jam it my damn stuff. But yeah, I don't, I don't feel like I'm done yet. Like, so Yeah, I don't have one yet. What about You drew? It ain't over till it's over, man. Yeah. You know. I'm, I'm, I I I feel like I got my second win right now. You know. So I'm, I'm back in the studio creating and I feel like I made a lot of music, but I don't know. I feel the same way with him. Like I've made some great songs, but I still think I have a little more to get out.


And until I do that, I I I really want, I don't want to label anything as a masterpiece yet. I let the fans do it. That's interrupt the record. Even when I look at Wayne, it feel like Wayne just starting to get his just do as a lyricist. Like people have them all time conversations. They still don't even And I feel Should And I got one conversation when you bring Wayne up the Goat. I think Wayne the greatest rapper of all time I've been with him. That's my dude. I saw the whole process of him. I saw the the times we where he couldn't curse and we was stopping him from saying certain things. Like, well you can't say that. He asked it sound good, but you just can't say that. People don't wanna hear that from you right now. You know and just seeing the whole development of Wayne and where he at right now, I just feel like he the greatest of all time.


But then I feel like you should be in them all time. Hell, hell yeah down, especially down south And I for that. You always bro you always ing I love you for that. Absolutely. You always throw my name Ju Nice in the mix. That's You know Beyond You. know what I'm saying? It's, it's, it is like You know. That's, that's like a barbershop fight. You know when somebody's telling me You know, they're like, oh bro, blah blah blah. And I'm like, but juvie, broh You. know what I'm saying? Why do you think, Why do you think that, that they don't throw you in those conversations? Is it because people are too busy having a good time to your music? I think it's partially 'cause I don't really care. Like even when they ask me that, they always ask me who you think the greatest rapper is. I'd be like, I don't care. I I wish people stopped saying that. Let's say who make the best song? Who forget who the greatest rapper is.


'cause I know some rappers that's real good. Let's check, let's go to the numbers. Pull up any one of your greatest rappers, your best rapper, whoever you like a lot. And we'll put 400 degrees against their best album. Let's check the sales. No double CDs. Don't pull a double CD trick on me either. That's some bullshit right there. They quick to see. Oh, he sold 10 million. He had two CDs in his packaging fam. So if I sell 5 million


State Farm insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owners manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Modo us. Visit Modo us for the best free place Social Casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins and exciting promotions. Register today at MO do do us for your free welcome bonus. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. We prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello Joe, us Hey everyone, it is Ryan Seacrest here ready to heat up your summer vacation. Get ready. Things are about to get sizzling at Chumba Casino your summer, getting a whole lot hotter with a special daily login bonus waiting just for you. So sign up now for reels of fun and reels of prizes right here at Chumba Casino with yours. Truly join me@chumbacasino.com and dive into a summer of Social Casino Fund sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


For 25 years. BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services. Making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


He sold the same amount as me. Now let's go from there and then let the people You. know what I mean? Let the numbers decide. So you think she just be about songs, not bars? Nah, not bars. Look man, some of these cats could rap their ass off and can't make a song to, to save their life. I know a lot of great rappers who cannot make a hit. That's true. A lot of it is come we from a little small city of New Orleans You. know what I'm saying? And it's, it is weird. Like, like what you saying, I don't know why we get overpassed so much of whatever with all of the numbers and all of the stuff that we've done or whatever, but it's to the point now. Yeah, I used to be modest about it now, but I be like, fuck that shit. I'm bad as a motherfucker. You know. Yeah, I don't, I always see the same Thing.


I'm not being nice about it no more. Check the numbers man. Just check the numbers. I mean y'all you talking about people that change hip hop, that changed the cost of culture, cash, money. Y'all did that. You did that with your production. Manny juvie, Wayne bg. Y'all did that with the raps Turk. Like you can't discredit that. Yeah. Like that. Like I don't know if that's celebrated the way it should be. Yeah, I'm I'm with you. Right. You know what I'm saying? And, I used to be like I said, cool about it or whatever, but now it's like, I'm like You know what? Fuck it. You know when I'm like, I mean disrespect. I am a bad motherfucker. Put me in them numbers. If you don't then You. know what I'm saying? I I ain't rocking with you. I'm like give me my my my due like and and and to still be relevant still You know be here and, and it's even what we wanna challenge anybody young to do.


Like You know do show me where you gonna be around 10 more years. Show me where you gonna do something. They gonna drop it at a wedding reception and they still remember it and they and they gonna say like, oh that's the jam. That's right. I not, not just that. Show me when somebody remix one of your songs, but your song that good when one of these cats 10 years later have that much respect for your song and love you that much to to where they wanna remake one of your songs. That's Right. Because You guys are being used as like CNN cultural references. Did you guys see that moment with Bakari? Yeah. Yeah we saw it. Yeah. When You saw that. It's Like, matter of fact, Oh Bakari, he's one of my hosts in my show. I get to South Carolina Bacard, He's gonna host the show. So y'all gonna get your tickets If. you wanna see him?


See what would be there. If. you wanna see Bacard? I get your ticket right. Bacard. Damn. Now I recently saw you say that Megan thee stallion wins best for wins for best dance performance. The back that ass Up boy, see how they did that. I said it. I I was given credit. Right. Because she represents the whole hot, hot boy hot girl thing. Right. So I was given credit. I didn't know how it was going to be written. Right. I didn't even know it was going. That part was gonna be written, but I was just giving credit because the question was asked, who do I think represents right now back that ass up the most and dances dances the most to back. So I, that's the only person I'm really seeing. It's like a lot of other people out there. But that's the only person I'm really seeing.


So that's why I said that. And then You know I gotta keep it Southern. What you had, what you, you said something about making her too, Right? Yeah. So you saw when she was getting all the slack for twerking when she performed with Kamala. Yeah. How y'all feel about that? Because I feel like with back that ass up it ma you don't even feel like you twerking. You just, you having such a good time. You know what Era we from Mind your fuck. I was just about to tell you my mama always, I was just about to hit you with you. Probably hard summers out on the stage. Y'all into politics Now. I like to speak on me. I don't speak on other people. You know. I'm just, I just don't do it. They like, you want person not us. That's where negativity come from. I got products and things like that that I want to sell And, I want everybody to support me. So I'm definitely never going to say nothing negative about nobody.


I just don't do it. What do you think it was a negative on new platform When y'all clear Record? Not when I'm to myself. Yeah. You might hear some shit. You can You know what I'm saying? You catch me off, off that ju juice off the juvie juice. I got juvie juice, I got cognac. If I'm off that yak, that's when I'm really You. know what I'm saying? I'm that nigga. Then When y'all gotta clear the record, how do y'all make that decision? Like for example, when Abbott Elementary used the song, when you get the call and they're like, look, they want to use it for back that ass up. Do y'all mutually Side? Yeah. Believe it or not, it's some shit that I've shot down like You know what I'm saying? Where I'm just like, nah, you butchering that like You know what I'm saying? And we, we even kind of both all have said it all money ain't good money. Right.


You know what I'm saying? And we even want to give like this, this new generation a shot at it, but we don't want you to kill it like You know what I'm saying? And we always want it to be represented. Well How do you monitor that though? I, I, any, anybody clear something for me? If it's some trash, we saying no You know what I'm Saying? What I'm saying trash. I gotta yes or no to If it, if it gets You know Right. However it Works. I guess my question is like what's like what, so what's like comes in as like no this is trash, this isn't gonna do justice to what we got. Well the production is awful too. Some You know, like it's a lot of times where some I'm like god damn dude, you, you, You just took the piss part. Yeah. You and you and you to it up. Yeah. Like You. know what I'm saying? And I. I, I get it. Like I, I'm not a, a hater or whatever.


I don't, I don't know what's just being for real. I don't know what music is right now. Right. I really don't You know what I'm saying? If me and my son is riding right now, he playing some new shit, I'll be like, you fucking alien. Please turn this shit Off. So you ain't got Don no beats in your playlist? Yeah. When I Ride my Son Marvin Gate I play, I still play old school shit. Right. Like You know what I'm saying? And and he'll even say, dad, this one of your beats. And I'm just like, that one slipped through the crack. But then I'll find out it's some shit that somebody didn't clear and I'm all, I'm, I'm calling You know Gold steam them. Wow. Hey bro, they didn't clear the song You know What I'm saying?


So it's, it's people that do that kind shit like You know what I'm saying? Oh it's some, it's some, it's some cats out there that them butchered up my songs but they were so unsuccessful with what they were doing. It wasn't even worth me wasting my time going after I'm like, damn, I'm gonna chase a dollar. So what Happened in elementary? What happened? Quinta reached out to y'all and said this this is gonna be the scene or Yeah, Like a lot of stuff You know what I'm saying? Especially when it's something like that You know That's a great, that's a good show. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? So when it's something like that, I'm like, yeah. Like I forget who it was. I know Michelle Obama had her podcast and it was one of, I forget what the song was, it was Old Girl, but she, she did back that ass up and it was used in the beginning of her podcast.


Oh yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It was like, it's Michelle Obama. How we gonna say You? know what I'm saying? And all of that actually still helps elevate it and especially when it's icons of our generation and people that that really matter that recognize these songs. So we like, yeah, we want 'em placed in the right important place. Juvie. You had a phenomenal tiny desk too, man. Thank you brother. Me and my brother together though. Man, That almost didn't happen though. Yeah, because you didn't know what it was. Yo, I remember the tweet. He brutally, it was like one of the most funny shit ever, bro. We always laugh about it. Me and me and the guys from Tiny, we, we laugh all the time about this shit because I really didn't know.


You can't, you can't knock a brother for not knowing. So when they hit you, would you like, it was like, drew don't you to do a tiny this? You like what the fuck is the tiny bit? Yeah. I just like, Well we were sitting in there, my guy was telling me you should do a tiny there. And my daughter also, I'm like, what the fuck is, what the fuck is a tiny there? I don't even know what the fuck y'all talking about. Like, dad, you really should do it. Then his idea was now you should post that. Just like that. Yeah. And they gonna come at you. So You know we kind like asked for it to, to go like that. But then when he start coming at me, I'm like, what? Wait, hold up bro. We gotta have a solution to this. So you said, all right, the next 10,000 retweets, we'll do a show and we'll do a show in Tiny that's then I find out they don't pay for flights and all that shit to get up to.


I'm like, oh damn. So I got, oh shit. So I had, So, So now I'm like, well fuck it. Then we going, we gonna do it. So I paid for everybody to get up there. I called man, I'm like, Mandy, look bro, I really, I think I really gonna need you to do this 'cause how Imma do tiny this and sing back that ass up live without him there. Absolutely sing any really He on all the hits. So Imma sing any of these songs where I didn't present. Right. So it worked out man. My dude came down and then I told trombone shorty about it and trombone said, man look, I'll come down and and play with you too. I, I ran the same shit by John Batis and he was the same way. He said like, I fly down and do it with you, we just make it an all New Orleans set. And we bought some, some, some members of the field harmonic down too from our city.


So it was just a great look of New Orleans set. It was, it was a good Look. That's what made this so amazing. The instrumentation. Yeah. That, that says a lot about you band because clearly you were influenced by like what they call 'em in New Orleans. The second line. Second line. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I mean on every corner you got a band. You know, in my high school, a lot of the bands that's that's You know important people. Like even Kermit Ruffin or whatever, even Trump Ball shorty, all of them went to the same, all of us went to the same school. Wow. So instead of really having a band, we had like second line bands. We didn't have marching bands. So, and and we didn't even have band teachers. You know. So we kind of learned by ear and just what feels good. And I'm glad that's the way I kind of do music.


'cause I think if I actually really would've had training it would've sounded a whole lot different. And, and And I think even with the way I do it, it it, it goes across so much better because to me it's a feeling it ain't so much of Oh you don't know how to read music or you don't You know. And even to watch like trombone shorty those dudes do but but they play with feeling. He Do. They they play with feeling You know Johnie too old. Yeah. Play the field. Yeah. They are the best man I'm talking about. It ain't close one. I mean them dudes can play all the instruments. Yeah. Mandy being modest though. 'cause Mandy play a lot of instruments his damn self. Drums, keyboards, all that. A little bit of everything. All self-talk. Yeah. I know y'all got a gold man.


You said something earlier, you about the gift and the curse of the internet. What is, what are the gifts and the curse for y'all? Well for me my gift is I get an opportunity to use my platform and do things like I did the other day with La Russell. Right. Absolutely. Like oh that was amazing man. And the other, the other gift is I get, I get opportunity to promote my products. So I got multiple products. I got my tour You know I got the 25 years back that ass up tour on the road and just let everybody know what I'm to. That's the, that's the good part. But the curse is when things that's going on, like what's going on with my bros. You know. That's the curse to me. I feel like when I don't like negativity, And I feel like it's bad. I really don't like to see artists beef with each other too. 'cause at the end of the day, man, we all trying to do the same thing.


Feed our family. So I don't like to see that. Even though I know hip hop came from battling. I like to see that. But I don't just, I don't like to see the beef. What About you Manny? What's the Gibson Chris? I mean it's probably, he, he, he's super, super close. I I see the internet as a tool to just promote what I'm doing and, and everything about what I'm doing. You know and the curse of it is the negativity. You know And I. Don't think too many people know how to close out a negative comment or, or or or You know if somebody saying something, if somebody followed you to talk about you, you already won. Right. That's right. You know what I'm saying? If you the winner. Like it is like why even answer somebody who you, you really seek me out to tell me what you don't like about me.


I'm like you need a hug. You know. Yeah you need Jesus, you need a hug. So I, I think that is the negative spot and he hitting it dead on. Like I just think a lot of people think now that that is the way, like that's, that's the only way You know real shit. I want real fans, real, real people that mess with me. I'd rather have a million real fans that mess with me than have 4 million people that You know. These are all just people that talk shit all the time. Yeah. And don't really care Twitter. Yeah. Don't like Twitter Me 'cause you hate somebody that you see as my enemy don't like me 'cause of that. Yeah. You know what I mean? That that's how I see it. Is it a curse Manny knowing that people say every black stud looks like you.


Yeah it is. It's But guess what? Oh my god I can even laugh at that. You heard me? No. You see how you see how great I am dude, No great. Y'all have great, that shit bounce right off my shit. Don't Fucking Yeah. I don't even know how kids get cyber bullied You. know what I'm saying? I dunno how You know how to turn that shit off. You know how to turn this shit off. Turn the fucking shit off You. know what I'm saying? And And I and in real shit. What, what I love about my parents or whatever I was taught a long time ago like dude you are greatness. You are God's favorite You.


know what I'm saying? So it ain't really nothing. Nobody could tell me. My confidence is through the roof like You. know what I'm saying? I And. I feel like anybody who say that, especially If, you hide your page or some shit. You cowardly fuck and the internet as well. Coward gangsters go to hang out. That's right. That's their slot baby. Yeah Man. The icons Living Juvenile and Mannie Fresh. 25th anniversary of Back That Ass Up. Make sure you check them out on the back. That ass up to. And it's always a pleasure seeing y'all brother. Man a pleasure. Thank You bro. Thank you for Champion for us too. Absolute. You go hard for us and I'm proud of you with Everything You know fighting for the salt. The fight goes on. Baby's don't let him take you.


Don't let them know take you. That's Right. Juvenile and Manny Press is The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club do us


Visit m odo.us for the best free play social casino experience Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at m Modo us for your free welcome bonus. Moto Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello Joe. Us With Lucky Land Sluts. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. BGW Grow. Avoid, we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


Gear up for outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Scam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S note and Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.