
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe it is very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill Diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just Solaris Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. We got JAL White Welcome. What's up Kat? How you feeling man? I'm doing great, man. I'm having a good morning. Good To see you. You brother. Good to see you, brother. You got your new book growing up? Urkel a memoir. Yeah. Why you do the eighties, nineties RB cover on the front, bro. This ain't even the eighties. It's like 70, 60 seventies. RB No, don't take me back Down. Early eighties. Early eighties. Eighties. Early eighties. The eighties. That's the Mike Jack post. This is why this Swes Post You know I did it because for anybody who's a fan of the Stefan character, they know that he was debuted in a white suit.


I said That when I first out. I said, this is Stefan St. Suit. He was debuted in a white suit. And then I love having fun on Instagram anyway. And Instagram has that meme that has all four of the, of the greats. It was like Luther Vandross, Lionel Richie, Teddy Pendergrass, Michael Jackson. Yeah. They all, Michael Jackson hit it last. But of course he hit it the biggest. So for a black man in the eighties, or born around that period, if when you put that picture on the front, it just means, hey, the contents are fire. But nobody even notices on the back. I actually, I see you Jumping around. Yeah, no, on the back I give you the, the high water pants and the Urkel shoes And, And nobody even notices it. Nobody notice that. Nobody even notices.


You don't got the glasses on. That's why. Yeah, that's probably why. So you don't mind being called Stefan. You don't, It's not even about mind. It is. Stefan saved my life. Like just black women everywhere. Just choose to call me Stef when you walk In. When he walked in, I was like, oh my God. Lit up when you walked in. Does that happen to you all the time? And you were like, yeah, because when you walked in, I instantly remember you walking on the screen and being like, oh shoot. Like it. I heard the music and everything That that what you heard The music And I. I'm trying to tell you. No, I love it. Big. They with black women in particular. The, on the 24 episodes outta 215 that I did, they only keyed in on Stefan and they were just relieved that I wasn't really like that. I've always loved your story though because You know you are the epitome of You know, taking advantage of a moment seasoned opportunity.


Right? Because you were so only supposed to be on one episode. One episode. The Family Matters. How'd that happen Again? Char me. I was, I was just a black kid at one of the second Genesis dog. It it really wasn't that deep. My dad told me that I could get one of anything whenever I got a job because I was resisting going on auditions at this point. I was five foot four. Me was ready to play basketball. We gonna get into basketball talk at some point. And I really wasn't, I wasn't booking jobs at age 12 too much because a lot of the stereotypical roles, I just wasn't fitting it. My, my, my profile. I had, like I said, I had braces. I'm five foot four And I saw this audition come through And I was like, I can get this job like I just do.


What was it? What was it? What did it say? The description I, I included in the book description was just You know nerdy character Rick. Matter of fact, I was described as a Rick Morran type. So that just shows you what the writer's room was already doing. They casted a black kid and asking for a Rick Morran type. So I actually read that literally. And then I went and got the best of Saturday Night Live VHS tape that we had in our house. And I found Ed Grimley. And I basically was doing a black kid's version of Ed Grimley. Yeah. And it wasn't really a good, good impersonation quite frankly, but because nobody thought that was my, my inspiration, it became, it became mine. It's amazing. You can't trademark a, I don't wanna say a character 'cause I'm sure you can trademark a character, but the, the, the mannerisms of a character.


Oh wow. That's the Voice. Did I do that? Do You know what I mean? We Only think about this stuff in America, man. I mean, Did you get the second genesis? I was just always curious. Of course you got the second. Okay. I just wanted to make sure. Of course I got that second Genesis. Did you wanna act? Acting was just something that I just did natural. I've been doing this since I was three. So You know. Did you want to do anything that your parents got, you started in when you were three? It was just, it just came naturally. I didn't resist it. And I enjoyed it. Of course you always enjoyed it. Enjoyed getting a day off of school to go someplace and, and cool and Yeah, exactly. And have some fun. But as I got to be around the age of 12, I didn't really want to act anymore. I wanted to play, play basketball. But once I got the show, then I started getting reps in at a different pace.


Right. And now once you get reps in, you prove yourself good at something proficient. Like I remember the exact episode where I'm like, oh, this is fun and this audience is my toy. And then the episode's called The Big Fix where I took Laura on a date for the first time because Eddie needed to pay off a bet. And I leveled this French restaurant. Now before We get to I don, God remember that Episode too? Yeah. That's that's the first episode where I'm like, I could hear the audience different. I could see it in my eyes when I watched that episode. Before we get into to that part of it, is it true that you tried out for Rudy Huxtable? That that part Yeah, I did the ru that's the name Rudy was for a boy. Oh wow. Wow. It was for a boy. So there was a debate there. And You know, he obviously won out over the network at the end.


And, and Keisha got the role in the end. How close did you get? Oh, it came down to me and her's it. Oh wow. They, they auditioned us all day. I actually never forget that audition because they brought in, they always bring in like two or three options for each role, but they put us in one room for like several hours and kept pairing us and going in and out. And I talk about that in the book as well. And, and then at the end they said, Hey listen, we are pressed for time, so we will take you, you, you and you and the rest of you thank you for coming out. So you had all these crying kids just pouring outta that building that had been there all day. And I. Remember my mom was like, she just had a huge reaction to that. She was like, if you ever react like that to losing an audition again.


Oh, you cried. You was balling. Oh, we ball every, I mean that's a cold way to lose a job when you're seven years old. Did you really understand though, to Be picked right in front? You know, I've been right in front because generally it happened. You know your agent would call you or your agent didn't call you. Right. And my mom was never the type to call the agent also and be like, did we or did we not get the job? And a lot of parents do that, But did you really understand at seven years old, like, oh my God, I'm losing this job. This is like, what? This could be you. Well we were supposed, You were just like a kid and it was like, no. So you cried like, what did you think? No. Well we were supposed to move to New York. Oh. So they were, they had already talked to my parents through our agent and everything. And my dad was trying to figure out, 'cause he was just graduating from dental school at, at the time, my dad was trying to figure out how to do this from New York.


Right. They had practically said, the job is yours. And then a little girl came walking in. Damn. Oh wow. I mean they do that kind of stuff all the time. Now that I'm an adult, And I know that. But at the time it was just, it was just very shocking. So you focused and then you become a big fan of the show. Right? So you're looking at the show and it's like, oh man, that could have been me. Right? You do, you're doing that. But that passes too. Yeah, that passes. Yeah. Especially when you end up with your own iconic role in the future. Right. I didn't even look at it that way. Okay. Seriously. I just, during that time, Shawn, man, I'm telling you man, it's, it's wild to watch fame now because everybody kind of believes like they can have a famous moment and, and it should come easy to them. But back then, like You know if you got a chance to meet Magic Johnson or you got a chance to meet Janet Jackson in person, they were inaccessible.


Right? They were all talented. Yeah. They were You know, they, there was an aura. Literally. I remember the time I met Michael Jordan for the first time and he crept up behind me at the Magic Johnson Midsummer Nights Classic. And it's just like, he literally has like this little glow around him, this black Jesus glow around him. And, and it's different now. It really is. So you didn't think you could be that. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Don don't think there, I don't think there is real celebrity now. Oh, now no. Celebrity has completely been diluted. Yeah, it really is. I I I I'll disagree and say there's still some people who have it. Yeah. I could You know. I could see it. There's certain people where they walk in and they have that natural it factor where it's like, okay, you just, you affect the room You know what I'm saying? Like even when Will Smith used to come in for the NBA all-star games.


Like when Will was in the room, it was just different. That's Just oral. Yeah. That's Just Exactly. So, but that's, but that's traditional celebrity. This stuff Now, like I said, it's just, it can feel real temporary and it's like, ah, you ain't got the it factor, but but you got the light on you. Right. Did the cast like you, because you went from just supposed to be Diana one episode Yeah. To taking over the whole thing. So did they like you, there had to be some resentment a little bit. It was, it was little kid, nerdy kid coming in there taking The over, like I said, it was, it was, it was weird at first. The kids And I, we worked it out the easiest because they had to hear a lot of things that some of their parents or even what saying, and You know when you're a kid and you're hearing what your parents are saying, you're just gonna follow suit with that.


But Darius and Kelly, And, I, we became, we became like brothers and sisters You know. It's, that's our puberty. So I just feel like the division really kind of took place more along the lines of the adults were the adults and the kids were the kids. That was That. Do you think that it was weird during that time, like that you knew, like you were very well aware as a kid that like you were becoming the star of the show, but you had to do so much stuff to kind of like, not act like you knew that. Yeah. Like even in the book, you talk about like how the, the introductions were on the show and your agent would always be like, we need to rearrange these introductions 'cause you're the star. The, World knows you're the star. And you'd be like, no, let's not bruise me. Well, my, My mom, my mom didn't wanna do that. My mom wanted to keep a lot of things status quo when it came to the call sheet and just pecking order.


It just, it would've, it would've just disrupted the balance of the set to another degree. Why? That we didn't need it. It's, it's almost kind of like, all right, you ever notice, like, Shaq runs out last You know what I'm saying? When Shaq and Kobe were in their prime, but then towards the end, Kobe starts running out last, and that's around the time when they broke up too. It's just like, there, there's ego, there's little ego things that just can happen on a set that you have to ask yourself, is that the sword I wanna die on? Is it worth it? You would think that at some point in life people would understand that y'all are a team and it doesn't matter who the star of the team is, if the team wins is winning. Yeah. But the magic words you say is you would think Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


But I would just say, I mean, after all of these years, we haven't learned that. Even when you use the Shaq and Kobe example, like Yeah. That's You know. You can't change the way people are gonna think when they, when they're coming from a place of ego. You know for me, I just, I there was a, I did a lot to extend our run. Mm. Because the reality was the show was About to get Canceled. I know, but there a fact. I I I get it. I get it. But I, I'm like, I don't You can say that I don't need to to to, to lean in on that You know. But You know whether if it was keeping my hair, they cut the same way. I mean, it got to the point where I was sick of my own haircut or staying out of the gym, not working out. You know that sucked from playing basketball. And finally in my senior year, they made you Change the pants that you were wearing. Yeah. They made me change the, in the final season. It was like, no more jeans.


He doesn't wear any jeans. So I was doing things that was I thought that Was good. Well into it. No, no, no, no. Go ahead. Go ahead. Charlotte thought I read that. No, he about to get messy. What? Your bulge. He don't care. Go Lauren, don't let over you. You Let Oh, I mean he wants to talk about your bulge. I wanna be, I want him When you Said pants, they want me come in Pants. I was, I was getting there. I was gonna let him finish his statement. You jumped to the bulge. Go ahead. Jumped all down his pants. Go ahead. Finish. I don Let him work it out. But it was come to the package. Right J That's crazy. Y'all Don't get to sit here. He wild ball. That's Crazy.


He wild ball. He gives it off. He was waiting for that one for the moment he gives it off. So back to the bowls. Go ahead. They changed bottom line. They just said no jeans in the final season. Yeah, that Was it. Oh, they didn't tell you why They said no jeans in the final season. They said The bowls right. They, no, now they did you of the bulge. They did tell you that. They said it was getting a little awkward to see the bulge. That's what the pul said. Jesus. They said no jeans in the finals. Do they come to your parents and say that? Or did they come directly to you? No, at that point. I mean, come on, I'm on set and I'm taking, I'm getting notes from producers and You know that was, See that note? That's a funny ass note. To tell somebody That is an uncomfortable note Was like, where did I look? Hilarious. I feel like you said it in private, like you pulled my family to the side and we have a very closed discussion.


Like, Can we talk about your son's bch? What? It's wild B. So, so Things changed on the set 'cause you didn't have a dressing room. Now you, I'm sure you got the biggest dressing room and, and all that. So how, how was that change? I Mean then money. I'm sure money changed. Well, The thing about money, which was cool is that my mom was, was so petrified the show would get canceled anyway. That she never bought a new car for the first four seasons of the show. Oh wow. You know my mom was that. I think that's why I'm so passionate about the, the, the protective job that my parents did. They did so much to try to keep me attached to normal life. Right.


You know they didn't get new cars themselves. My mom demanded that I went to public school. I went to public school during the entires Crazy time of that at that time. Yes. Yeah. But they, we didn't That's wild. But we didn't have cell phones. We didn't have all, well we had cell phones, but they were big bricks at that time. But we didn't have smart phones to in invade the privacy to that degree and let everybody know what school he goes to. At least on a nationwide level. So You know, I would pop into school like every two weeks to three weeks and You know that was something I actually enjoyed doing. Kinda like a magic trick. And You know I could, I, I could go in And I, I could take tests, I could raise my hand, I could answer, answer questions from the teacher. And my peers are looking at me like, how do You know this stuff? It's like I study on set too. How was school?


Was it a, did you ever get bullied because people looked at you? Oh yeah. No. That's a whole, you talk about that in the book. Yeah, it was a whole thing. It was like, I I, the first school I, I was attending at the time, I was the only black kid at the entire school. Which was awkward too. It was, it was, it was half Asian, it was half white. And now it's since taken over all Asian. Mm. When I go back and pass that school and You know that's all You know the usual stuff. Can I touch your hair and You know, not get invited to Bat Mitzvahs and all that kind stuff. And then that all changed as soon as I got on the show. Hey, you wanna go to the liquor game with me and You know my mom wants your agent number. She's thinking about putting me in the business and now I'm suddenly so popular. So I left that school and then I went to what I like to call, like You know the Joe Clark school, the Lean on me light.


And, and in that, in that case, I was just, I stood out a little too much. And it also raised my hand too much. And I had a teacher that liked me. And I liked Ms. Lasseter too. And You know at schools like that, they don't like those kind of relationships. So ran into problems there. And then my mom found the school that was the, the porch that was just warm enough for me in three Bear story analogy. And, and that was South Pasadena High School. And they kind of had a sprinkle everybody, it was Asian, it was Mexican, it was black, it was wonderful. And I had a great principal named Ben Ramirez. Man, he rest in peace who just You know, kind of went out of his way to make sure that I was always welcome on campus. They didn't like the fact that your teacher was trying to make sure you were okay. What do you mean? Like you said that the, the school you had a, a teacher that in No, no, no.


I'm saying at Hood school, you, you can't You know raising your hand a lot. And I ask and having a great relationship with the teacher. Oh, the kids didn't like that. Oh yeah. Okay. I I was gonna say, why would the school not Like you? Really a nerd, huh? Yeah, exactly. Bingo. But you asking the question like the last two minutes of class though, You come see again, see she Hit you Some, some Delaware, you Was a two minute like, no, You not gonna play me like that. I wasn't asking the teacher to collect the homework. Okay. I wasn't that I reminded that we had tests. I wasn't reminded if we had tests. But the bottom line is we had a good relationship and she was teaching stuff I'd already learned at the other, other school. So they were hella behind the other school. So I was just like, yo, this is an easy act. Oh, so So you was in there showing off slam dunk. Come on. I'm seventh.


Come on. I'm in the eighth grade You. know what I'm saying? That's grade to do that. It's a it's a awkward. Exactly. Exactly. But did you wish you got that treatment? I remember, do you remember the first time we met? No. You don't remember don Don't rem. That's what you have to remind me. Nick's camp. Yeah. Nick's camp now. Nick's camp. I remember so much about it though. Madison Square Garden and Nicks camp. You was in k Nicks camp And. I was surprised. 'cause how old we are. I don't remember. We were young. Young. Yeah. We, but I was surprised because I'm like, at the time he's Steve Kel. He's one of the biggest show. I'm like, his parents put him here. So why would he remember you? I'm gonna tell you. Well, nah, don don't know. I I Told you before State Lock, Anybody could get it. Not for nothing. I would say I had the glasses, the braces, we was on the same team. So You identify. No, You weren't him. This is J White. I know, but I had You know you were actually a nerd.


He was not. I Love seeing this dynamic because no one should ever take this personal, Shouldn't say, just said I was you. No, he had the glasses, the braces. I was five. Lemme help you out. Any black man who didn't even look like me is if he wore glasses, he was called Steve. That's true. Oh, envy. You got crossed. They called me Metal mouth and a whole bunch of things. But I, I'm not going to that trouble. But the reason I say that is during basketball camp, if you got into a fight, Did I, who'd I scrap with I don some Spanish dude. Right? And. I. Remember? I was like, damn, is this happening all the time when you come to the hood because people think that you're better than them. So I was wondering if that always happens. Well, when, when you hooping, like people try, you You know what I'm saying? So it was like I, I took basketball seriously. So in between those lines, that's why I'm like, don, don't even remember.


I was there to play ball. How many fights Did you get into if you don't remember On a basketball court? I didn't. I never, I didn't have a history of getting into a bunch of fights. But I'm just saying like, You know on a basketball court, people gonna try you. I mean, do you remember every frackish you got into on a basketball court Gave fight? I kind of do. Yeah. Oh wow. I kind of, kind of, he lost them. What You mean lost? I lost a lot of 'em, but I kind of, well, Don don't remember him. That means I probably did pretty good in whatever we was dealing. So what did you and all the other Spanish kids do when y'all saw Jil beating up black? Like nobody's, I'm black. So can We get a therapist? Maybe Had to pick a side. Can we get some, Can we get a Media Maybe. He started to see, he said either I'm going with Erco, I'm going with my people. So which way was you? Where was You? I was riding with Erco. Okay. Nerve stick together. Right. Alright. You know another thing you talk you But you didn't tell me how I played though.


Nah, you was, you was good. You were surprisingly good because everybody thought that far Surprisingly Not because everybody thought the nerve was gonna come out, but you was good. We could tell that you played ball, but I remember you scrapping. Yeah. What, What point guard what position you play. No. Point guard. Okay. So, because even in your book, you talk about having your dressing room kind of like set up like a NBA Locker room. Yeah. My dressing room. My dressing room was cool. A dressing Room. You really wanted to go to the NBA. Like that was like really? I Don't think it was about going to the NBAI was a huge, I mean, listen, if you grew up in the nineties, the NBA just was just was different man. It it landed on your life. It was, it was everything. Got you. So I You know, I, once I started gaining some influence, You know you could do certain things in the set decorator for our show transformed the second room in my dressing room into an actual NBA locker room.


Mm. So I had all the different lockers. That's dope. And You know that's where I would change to get ready for the show. Wow. You know. Did you get paid, did you make money? Money back then? Yeah. No. You made, you made very good money back then. Okay. Okay. Okay. But the numbers back then, just they don't compare to numbers now. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Inflation. It's one of my favorite things I actually have is, is, is my first time I ever sat on the court, I kept the ticket stub and And I kept 'em with magic shoes when he gave 'em to me after the game. And every now and then I'll just, I'll still look at those tickets. Ticket stubs. Guess how much in 1991, the face value of a Laker game on the court was, versus San Antonio Spurs three 50 price. Maybe close to a thousand, maybe 700, 800.


This man knows basketball. 4 25. 4 25. Remember back then, that's Crazy. Right? For floor seats. Yeah. For a floor. So that, so when you put that in perspective 19 91, 420 $5 face value on the ticket to sit on the court and you see what inflation is now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It really is. Like, I, I, I remember that teaching me about inflation was like, whoa, something's happening here because there's two inflations. There's the one they talk about to the country and then one they talk about that's going on for the people that's making all the money. I I love how you describe throughout the book, you, you described yourself as a dedicated people pleaser. Yeah. You said it was your mom who, who made you that way? Yeah. Can you expound on that a little bit? It can You know it can be good and bad to be a people pleaser because you gotta learn how to say, you gotta learn how to set boundaries.


But then you gotta also learn how to say yes enough to catch blessings that are coming outta nowhere. Mm. But for me it's always been about the audience experience that jacked me up. You know we taped in front of a live studio audience every Friday. And man, I look forward to that audience. Mm. Like you wouldn't believe. And they just become your toy after a while. So You know, my mom would call me after a table reading You know every Tuesday. And it's like, what do you think of the script this week? And I was like, eh, it's okay. You know. And and then there would be certain weeks like the Bruce Lee week where I'm like, oh no, get your tickets now. 'cause sometimes she would've to play games to get a certain number of seats in in this, especially with another opposite, another executive producer's wife who would hog a lot of seats.


And I'm like, no, no, no. Go ahead and get your, get your tickets for this one. I'm gonna melt this one down. So it was just always about, just You know it, everything celebrity came from a different place then. It was about being excellent. It was about being on point. You know we would shoot our show and we'd be done with a whole episode in like just over two hours. And I was so proud of that because everybody else on the lot, especially if they had kids on their show, it would take You know shows would take three and four hours and people wouldn't even be able to see the end of the show at times. But we've been now two hours flat and we were done. So I still proud of that, that kind of Stuff. What about Jil when he's not You know performing? Are you still dealing with being a people pleaser? Nah, not, not as much.


You know when you have a, when you have a daughter, at least when you have a kid and you enter the family dynamic, a lot of your values just change. They, they, they shift overnight. At least they did for me. What Was the biggest thing that shifted for you overnight? Daughter? Oh man. I got a funny story on that one though. Actually. I remember when You know when single parents don't date, like single parents prospect. They don't, they don't date. It's different. And I. Remember my boy was, he told me to come out and meet him at the club You know he had a, he had a group at this point. I'm a single dad. And I And I hop into my car. And at the time I drove Aston Martin Repeat, which is at a, a four door. And so I pulled up at the end, he comes walking over with three girls and it's like, yo, what we doing?


This is before Uber. All right, this is before Uber. What we doing? Where we headed. And then one of the girls just reached for the back door and the baby seat was in the back. Oh really? And the, and the way them girls just jumped back really? And all the, it just threw off the whole chemistry Dang. Of the, of, for the rest of the night. And it was just like, ah, okay. What matters more As a dad I knew, I'm like, I'm not taking that baby seat out. It's a pain in the butt putting them damn baby seat seat. And any dad who has a baby seat knows that. That's right. So it was like, well that's just the way it's gonna be. But that was a moment where I had to accept where I was just kind of like, she really comes first in every aspect of my life now. And like it or not, even in times when I want to be grown and sexy, it's gonna affect it.


So You know what I wondered too? Did the cast members on Family Matters, were they, was it a level of hate and jealousy and envious? Envious. Envious. Envious are envious. Envious, yeah. It was envy You. know what I mean? R It's your chance to get him, you jump on him Now. Or in hindsight, were you really difficult to work with? No, absolutely not. Okay. You know because Rev, Novell Johnson said that. Okay. But, okay, so let me make it easy for you then. How come, how come you've never heard that from the kids? Kelly speaks there is everywhere. There everywhere. How come you never heard that from The kids? Yeah. You know. It's, it's You know when you, when you, when you leave a show, first of all, the difference between movie stardom and TV stardom is when you're a movie star, you're still a star.


Even if you don't have a movie out when you're a TV star, unless you're on tv, you're not a star anymore. And that's just the way the business treats you. So I think people go through a lot of personal trauma sometimes after a show has gone off the air, divorces, investments maybe didn't go right, et cetera, et cetera. And it causes people to look back on things with You know kind of a jaded look. And it was like, man, we had fun. We did even the pictures I I, I picked out for the book You know I wanted to show pictures of us chilling You know I wanted to show me Reggie and, and, and, and, and Darius You know chilling in Paris when we shot two episodes in Paris, we're the only black show to ever shoot in Europe. That was a big deal. You know we had this, I'll never forget we had this giant $12,000 meal at the top of the Eiffel Tower as who paid as a cast.


Okay. Oh, I'm glad you asked. My mom took that bill and handed to production 'cause she had the clout to do that. Mm. But Joe Re's there, Reggie's there. Well, we was bawling at the top. But again, you bawling. So You know, it's almost kind of like when you hear Scotty Pitman talking about the Bulls now it's like, Scotty, you can't say nothing nice about the Bulls. Have you, nigga you was rock stars dog. You, you and Mike didn't kick it at all. Right? Are you sure that's how you Remember it? Have you recently talked to any of the cats? 'cause I know Joe Marie Peyton, like she had come out and said that you guys had a little, whatever that situation was, It's why y Wanted to fight each other. Yeah. Like, can you Jesus, first of all, clarify that story because that's just a wild No. That's just, there's nothing to clarify. Like, hey, I, you, I'm talking about a coworker of over 30 years ago, And I was a minor.


You don't think if there was any validity to that, there wouldn't have come out sooner? I'm like, how so? Not a hundred percent nothing happened. I I Where Did it come from? I mean, percent no. Like, but I'm not, I'm not getting in the back and forth. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm just doing too good to, I get what you're saying. Getting it back and forth with You know with a woman who's over 70 and I've been kind like mentally ingrained to not fight with my elders. Like, all right, if that's the way you saw it, cool. It is what it Is. Well, she recently said though, on the stage, I think I forget where they were at, but the, the cast was there and you weren't there. And, and she said that like, You know, she wished that you were there and if you were there she would hug you. And she kind of You know that whole thing. So have y'all talked or is there, why Does, why does what she have to say hold so much more validity than what my other cast members have to say?


I'm just curious. I think, oh, I think that the age thing does play a factor. 70 old black woman. What you say You know what I mean? I think that definitely plays a factor as well. But I think she's one of the first people that alleged like the bad stuff to that I saw come out and be like, man, we should just hug it out. I wanted to And I. It made me wonder like, have You'all talked? Like what changed? So the people that I talk to regularly is Kelly and Darius. And again, I don't call them Laura Netty. So I You know, I, I called Kelly about this book, You know, and we spoke extensively and You know Kelly called me two weeks ago. But it's weird for us, by the way, also when we go out and eat or anything like that, You know, we like little back rooms and stuff. Like I would freak out y'all Sitting down people, if people saw me and Kelly just, oh my God, at Crustaceans in Beverly Hills, just whatever.


It tends to turn into a big, Hey, can I get a selfie fest? Right? So You know like, damn, Kel won. You really gotta, you gotta So You know, we, we, we keep it private, but I have a very good relationship with all the cast members who've ever wanted a relationship with me beyond the show. And I don't have anything negative to say about Reggie. When people ask me who was your favorite scene partner? I'm like, the chemistry I had with Reginald Vel Johnson. I remember the episode where it clicked for us. It's called Box Car Blues, where we were stuck in a train together with all these cows. And Steve is just getting on his nerves and You know Reggie just couldn't look at me without breaking up, without You know, without breaking character.


And we just, we developed this amazing chemistry. But adults are adults and they're going through adult things too. And also, I'm a kid, so You know what, I'll tell you one way, maybe I could have been annoying. I dribble my basketball everywhere, everywhere. If I was in school. Gillette, we need you on set. Boom, boom, boom. Basketball, basketball, basketball. Well, adults get annoyed when a kid is just dribbling and bouncing the ball all over the place. Is that difficult? How Old you then You talking about 13, 14 years old. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. I I would feel like adults would have a little bit more grace Standing. I'm, I'm approaching it from a very self, especially if they got kids. Right. Self aware, You know standpoint. Yeah. So I'm like, okay, yeah, no, that's an And. I. Remember Joyce Webb, one of our script supervisor be like, oh, Harry comes with the basketball.


Of course. It's like, okay, You know. I'm like, but if that's, if that translates 25 years later to being difficult, I'll take it. I wanna Talk about your first kiss. Let's Talk about your first kiss. Because some water, everybody would be getting arrested. And nowadays, if that was so You know because he is a guy. Oh, it only they don't do that to Guy. Exactly. So So break down your first kiss. Exactly. 13 years old onset. He's He's ahead of me on this one. Nah, we had a, we had a scene man where You know Steve Eddie get hot at the dice table and they're rolling the dice. And this woman You know is he's, he's, he's supposed to gimme a kiss, just plant one on me before my last dice roll. And during rehearsals all week, she had just pretty much given me a peck.


It was just a peck. Yeah, because you, you just go through the motions. But with that hot live studio audience there, man, she just, yo she gave me the whole shebang. And so when I pulled back and this was your first time kiss you. Yeah, I had never kissed a girl before. Everyone said, How did You know what to do? No, I didn't. I wasn't, first of all, I wasn't even planning for that. I know you're supposed to put your lips together, but I didn't know that anything else was really supposed to happen to that. I wasn't, I wasn't seasoned. Got you. I wasn't. And so she does it. And my whole, my thinking at the time was do not break character. Do not ruin a good take You know that's what you just kind of taught as a, as a comedic actor and, and as a kid. And so when I went to my dressing room, I just kind of involuntarily tears start coming down my face.


'cause I was just like, that was weird. And then my dad corners me and he is like, what's wrong? Executive producer comes back like, what's wrong? And I was just like, You know. Like she put her tongue in my mouth like out of I've, I'm Surprised your mother didn't whoop as And so You know, it's so funny everybody says that, but it was like my father was present and was dealing with the issue. So there was no reason to inject. And once it was revealed, what happened? They all started laughing. Let's start the men two movement. Let My dad start the men two movement. My dad one is her name. My dad like, no, do not find this woman. Do not troll this woman. Damn at all. No, I'm serious because it's like, that's one of the things that I'm very protective of is You know we have to embrace what double standards were leave them in the past.


But it's okay. Like I can laugh at it. I'm saying like from the time that it happened to my dad and the executive producer coming in to me, walking back out on stage to do now the next scenes, even the hot, the crew high five, she put it on you young fella, you hung in there, you did your thing. And it was like, it was very clear to me all the signals that I was getting was that might've been yucky the way it went down. But apparently I'm going to get a lot more of that. So my machismo says, yeah, okay. All right, go with the flow. What about the trauma you went through? Because it was immediately after that scene they told you that you can't wear pants Anymore. Oh, You know what? You know what? See I see how you doing? I see how You'll be here. All we tip your waitresses on the way Out. Ladies and gentlemen. You know what else I want to know Was black Hollywood more of a community back then?


Because you tell a story in the book about You know connecting with Malcolm. Jamal wanted Yeah, him putting you in the Aines commercial. Yeah. And You know your mom being your mom, being a fan of Malcolm. Yeah. So don don't know if he was The extent.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, the decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their stocking and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Shop break deals on Amazon,


Oh the places you'll go when you go in TOMS, the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic Alpr Goddess Slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim, seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loper with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning all day. Wear the best part. When you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school Drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect for date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now at TOMS dot com.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High Is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers, Katie's publicist and finalists. That's right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's Wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it. And be sure to go watch Wicked in theaters starting November 22nd. Listen To Lost Cultist on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


The extent to which Black Hollywood was putting each other on, I won't say was more of a community. There are specific people who put a lot of people on, like Ice Cube put a lot of people on. Absolutely. Like that dude, just like John Singleton put a lot of people on like he identified talent. That's really the dream I kind of had for myself because I picked that up back then of being able to recognize other talent and be like, oh you got it, you got it. And that, that's a pay it forward joy. That's separate and apart from, from actually being the focus. But, but back then, because there was just a lack of You know cell phone communication and, and social media wasn't what it was.


The connections were made more organically. You know you, you wrote a number down, you gave it to somebody You know and yeah, so I, I will say that I I will say it, it was just don don't know. It was different. I help me out on this because I feel like we connected on this. Was it dad? Was it a real community or It definitely was. Okay. But I'm saying to the extent that I could count on somebody having the power to gimme me a job. No. Mm, got you. Got you, got you, got you. No, not not that at all. But to the extent of walking in the room and seeing Tashina Arnold and, and and Tisha Campbell and they like jal. Yeah. It was like, okay. Yes, yes. Absolutely. You know. And and there was also a sense of like, like being a part of an exclusive club You.


know what I'm saying? It was like you didn't walk into a room and see another black TV star and just sit at your table and just be like, oh, he is over there. Right. You typically were gonna get up and you were gonna You know you were gonna greet each other, dress each other and probably exchange information. Was That because there wasn't a lot of people Like it was just like you guys were the cream of the crop? It wasn't A lot, it wasn't even like there was You know. What we're missing now is everything is niche program. So very few people are always are talking about the same thing at the same time anymore. Like today, all anybody's talking about from a cultural standpoint is Mike Tyson's ass cheeks because we all saw that at the same time. So You know saw them. Exactly. So it was like even the Stefan moment. Yeah. Where it was just like a lot of black families saw that at the same time when it aired.


So they calling each other on each other, but girl, you gotta see him in this white suit. So they, it's a, it is a different connection back there man. And I'm like, yeah, they're special. Do You get tired of the Steve Kel character? 'cause I'm sure people have to come up to you all the time and be like, say the lines. Well in the book you say nothing makes you happier than when somebody recognizes you as Jilil. Well That makes me happy. Be You know when that happens. And And I kind of got saved by millennials. You know the Gole has helped me. It really has. I I I can hear tone, And I, I try to talk about that in the book. So You know if, if a southern grandmother comes up to me and, and she's You know, referencing the character, that doesn't bother me as much as compared to some guys in a bar who You know they having a sausage fest in the corner and we doing well over here and they wanna bring light to that and say, okay, I see what you're doing now.


That's, those are two completely different things in terms of being tired of the Character. Right. You said we doing well over here. Basically We got all the ladies. Okay. All every single lady in the club is with us. All right. You know what I'm saying? So that, that, that, that, that part is obvious what the dichotomy is there. Right. But people come up to me for a variety of different reasons, man, like your man outside, he was just like, yo, I know about the Kel stuff but I'm here for Sonic. He's a, I did the voice of So the Hedgehog for a hundred episodes and that lands hugely with a lot of people. I did two episodes of Psych that people just love those two episodes of Psych. So for me it's a conveyor belt of people acknowledge me for different things.


And as you get older, like I said, with my focus being on my daughter, I'm a game show host now I'm just like, look, as long as you pleasant and you chill and you respectful of my family and my environment, I just love being known for a good reason. Because in this day and age you could be known for a real sucker reason. That's right. That's right. That's right. Any day. Like it is wild. The sucker reason you could be known for You know, it's interesting what you said even about being a black people all can can coming down on one moment because I think about that even with you as a star, right? Like you have to be a certain caliber of star for us to know your real name. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, like for you, for you to play Urkel so well that we know who Jil White is. That says a lot. I appreciate It. You know what's crazy though for a long time or maybe 'cause I was so young, I didn't know that Jil White was your real name.


I thought that that was another person outside of you had ef I did. But like I was so young. I just I don Dunno. I was confused. I thought it was grew reading credit then I, I knew to Stefan then when I started hearing Jil White, I'm like, oh, maybe this is another persona that he's taking on. And then I got old enough to really understand like characters and like not being really you and like all that And I was like, oh, okay. That's cool. That was just like a me moment. Yeah. But, Well I'm just glad the light went on. Thank you. But speaking of Right, you Got that internet fixed. You kidding Me? My AOL dial up That was was back in them days. Okay. That was Netflix. That was Netflix this weekend. That Was Netflix this weekend. Speaking Of though, I, I know in the book you talk about the meeting that you had with the exec about the, the remake or the spinoff, the reboot re the reboot, your version that you wanted to happen.


Yeah. In my opinion was way better. don don't know if you wanna say it. You want people to read the book, but ah, thank you was way better than what they had pitched to you. Thank you. Will we, or I mean I guess we have to talk about it 'cause I wanna know that. Will we ever get that and can you, could you do that on your own? Listen, First of all, you can't do it on your own. You know, that's the thing about television that people have to respect. It's You know. It's the, it's the only art form I feel that still has gatekeeping still very much in place. And you can either be bitter about it or you can fight the good fight and look for the person that's gonna be your champion. That's just, it is what it is. I was never offered a reboot. I always wanna make that very clear. And even my vision for the show that I have, it's not about me.


It's about three dimensional characters that would actually resonate and translate in 2024, because I worked for the producers who coined the phrase, jump the shark Fonzi, jump the shark. You jumped over a shark. Right. Those are my producers, the exact same producers. So you're not going to invite me to jump the shark again? I was offered a blind contract and half my pay of what I got for the last episode. And there was no consideration. I mean, I, there was no consideration given to the adults that actually You know, have such a large opinion over what terms they would return to. I'm like, the way they were being discussed was, well, You know Harriet and Carl will come by and they'll visit the new family every now and then.


It like, Hollywood doesn't really, they engage talent when they need talent. They pay talent when they need talent. And, and this isn't even a black thing. don don't want this to turn into a a, a black thing. I'll hear guys like Chris Pine or whatever, who's You know. He's like, I don't know what they're gonna do next with Star Trek. Like, I love playing the character, but when they call me, they call me. So I love the opportunity to make the show that, that I envisioned, that was never turned down. It was never pitched. I was just offered a blind contract and around that they were going to develop the reboot. There were two versions though. Correct me if I'm wrong, right, because you said one of them you wanted to do like, what's the Netflix show with the kid?


The little kid that we follow? He's super smart. Hmm. Young Sheldon. Yes. Young Sheldon. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. There was one version that was kind of gonna be like the young Sheldon from like a, a different perspective. And then there was another version where it would be you and now you're an adult and you are in a relationship. But then Myra is still around at that point or something. Wasn't there two versions? No, I, I'll simplify it. You know. I really feel like it could be like a young rock to be quite honest. The only difference is You know. Imagine if the young rocket started off famous and, and then gets into reality. You know, I you still wanna keep it light. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But I just, I just, if you do a half hour comedy, where are the story gonna come from? You know what you, they literally just used to make it up back in the day.


You know. And, and, and they would take stories too from old sitcoms and happy days, whatever, and they dust them off and they just You know update them a little bit. You can't do that in 2024. You're gonna watch for one episode and you're gonna turn that off. I asked a reporter recently, I said, well, in the traditional reboot that everybody thinks that they want, whereas Steve and and Laura get married and have a kid that's just like, Urkel, would you watch that? And he said, yeah, for about four minutes. I said, okay, thank you for being honest with me. If I do anything, I am an advocate of kids. I I I see exactly how young performers get derailed. I want to push the agenda. I want to push the, the, the legend for a kid to come play a future version of me, whatever that turns out to be that kid's gotta be able to get invited to the Golden Globes that kid's gotta be able to get invited to the Emmys and he can't look back as me looking back at me and I'm a stain on his career You know what I'm saying?


It was like, I'm, I, I I will point this out but I won't say names 'cause I don't want them to make them feel bad. But like the kids on Fuller House, they don't work Fuller house. The reboot, they don't work. The adults that put them in that role, they knew they wouldn't work in prestige television, in prestige film because now casting directors will say, oh, oh, those are the kids from Fuller House. We want somebody a fresh face, et cetera, et cetera. And I promise you as parents and as kids, they didn't go into that project thinking that that was gonna be a blight on their career. As soon as the show was over, they didn't go into that. I wanna make sure anybody that I work with know, they go in with open eyes.


This is what we stand to achieve. And it was so awesome watching Will Smith give it up to Quincy Jones after all these years when Quincy passed, because Quincy touched his life in a positive way with the Fresh Prince. He never had to look back on the Fresh Prince like it was this show he needed to get away from. Right. So don don't know. That's my take on on on what my, how I feel about reboots and opportunities. Well, lemme Ask you Urkel was, I was gonna ask, was that a stain on your career where you had to lose Urkel because people always looked at you when you went Their roles? Again, I don't look at it as a, I've never stopped working. It's a tough business just to work in You know. Is it easier for some with better reps and different imaging?


Yeah. When I think of Harry Potter or Al Bundy, I think about those guys and those characters, but they had better reps in different images and it hasn't slowed them down at all. As far as the TGIF people are concerned. I like where I've landed You know I've, I've never stopped working. Have I, have I always gotten the dream job that I wanted? No, but I talk about it in a book, a couple jobs, one in particular that I wanted that went on to become the worst film that year. It's like, whoa, be careful what you want. So I I just, I don't know. It, it, it, like I said, when my daughter got here, man, a lot of stuff just crystallized for her that it was like, yo, let's go out here. Let's be a working dad.


And it's a beautiful thing to come home with a check to take care of your kid and you're doing it in a way where you don't have to give up your damn dignity. That's right. It's that simple. You mentioned Will Smith. Will Smith, you said, was the first influential black person to hire you to do something outside of Family Matters. Yeah. What, what, what, break that down. How did y'all have a relationship? What, what did You see? Well, I, I had seen Will You know I would always cross paths with him, with NBA stuff and You know Will would invite me to the office. Everything. When he was on, he had his offices on Third Street. I saw Will coming a mile away just like I could, I identify You know, just like I talked about IX Cube identifying talent and stuff like that. And I, I will actually just shared a story as a matter of fact that I'm like, oh, I never would've shared that.


Not to violate your privacy, but I remember Charlie Mack having me over to his dressing room when he was shooting 94. And I was just a curious dude, I love reading scripts. I love just devouring film. And I was in his dressing room and he had a script on the table. And I asked to go. I was checking it out and he said, oh, that's just another sci-fi movie. And I'm, I'm not gonna do another sci-fi movie after this one. And I went to visit him again after that and like a couple weeks later. And, and when I got to the set, he wasn't there. And Charlie was like, I'm sorry, yeah, will was supposed to be here, but You know Steven Spielberg sent a helicopter for him. And I'm like, oh, okay, well that's a good reason for him to not be here to receive me. Right. And then months and months later after that Will was coming out with Men in Black and then it clicked.


That was the script That, that you read For, for Better Back. But he said he wasn't doing another sci-fi movie. So I guess that helicopter ride must have changed some opinions. Yeah, so I just had this really cool relationship with Will. He was always open doors back then to me. And when he called me on the set, he called me to be on Fresh Prince of Bel Air. It just meant a lot to me because he, he made it his personal business to put me on the show. That's dope. I got two more questions. One, when did Family Matters jump the shark? Oh man, we probably jumped the shark somewhere around the sixth or seventh season. Would you remember what episode it Was? No. don don't remember the episode. It ha it just, it happens gradually. You know you start going in, you just start going into Porta Potty and coming out as too many characters.


You know before You know it, I was Elvis, I was You know, we we sending poll families to Paris and come back by standing on a teleportation device, I Think when you moved in with them, I Never moved in With them. You never moved in with Em? I never moved in with the Winslow. Oh, I thought you, I thought your parents, You ain't got lie to kick it. I never moved in with them. I thought your parents went away and No, I never moved in with them though. Oh, I never did. It was about, like I said, it was probably around about about the sixth season, just to be honest. But Where was you living when your parents moved The country? I was always the next country door neighbor. I was al they never, that was the thing again back. They, they never showed Steve's parents. They always kept Steve's parents this big mystery. But They referenced it though. They said your parents moved to Russia or something like that. Yeah, they never, they would always reference my parents. My parents were treated the same way.


Do you remember you ever follow Cheers? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Remember Norm's wife Vera? They, they, they, they never showed Vera. So he, they would always talk about his wife at home and that was the way you treated it back then. They never talked, they never showed the Gooch on on different strokes. They always talked about the Gooch. So they treated Family, Matters, the charact, my my my parents the exact same way. You couldn't do that in this day and age. This day and age wouldn't take that kind of just constant referencing mystique. They'd be like, no, no, no. Bring in the parents and make sense of this. They Gonna be all on your Instagram. And this day And I really thought you moved in with the wind. No. That's Crazy. No. Now you Never there I was watching the interview. You did? And you said you never got invited to none of the Hollywood parties.


Nah, nah, I mean I did. I went to a lot of nice parties, but not of none of the, like, the stuff that started gaining a lot of steam on, on on social media like You know the Rock Nation brunch or, or obviously You know, I know you talking about my man You know you, the Diddy parties or whatever. Like, nah, nothing organically. Nah. Did you Laugh say Reginald Johnson used to get invited. Stop. You gotta calm down. You gotta you gotta the call Low and did over Rumors. Listen, you gotta calm 'em down. You, you just, you seen them around seven. We just, we gonna slow it down for a second. You know what I'm saying? Because sometimes you can just be driving too fast. That's true. That's true. So you're not paying attention to the to, to the's. True You know. That's true. Talking Too fast. The speed limit to the speed. Exactly. We in a 35 zone right now.


What Happened to Judy? Man, how Judy just walked upstairs. And, I Be, I talked about it in The book. I know, I know. But I know you don't wanna give nothing to the listeners Right now. I mean, listen, listen. How do you think I covered it in the book? Was I fair? Yeah. Even Yeah. Was I fair? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because, because what you, I mean, but You Know. But you laughing about I'm pulling it outta you now. No, I pulling it outta you. 'cause I, I I I guess 'cause she didn't really have a role. So it's like you, I get You know what I mean? I get what you're trying to say. I Didn't get to that part in the book, but I'm inferring, I'm reading in between the lines. Are you, what was it that they didn't think she was good to stay on the show?


She didn't have a role. Really? She, that fam that part of the family didn't matter. Damn Jesus. Oh my God. So in the book, how do you pick it up? Look, I'm, I'm, I'm only a couple chapters in, but not to give it all away, but just some of it. How do you cover, when you asked were you fair? Was did someone tell you you weren't fair and ment He wasn't wrong. Thank you. I just, like I said, I said Wasn't wrong. Fair. Kind of threw me out. He wasn't wrong. Okay. What I said. All right. You know there were a multitude of factors that went into her departure from the show that I blame all on her mother. But there were, but as a performer, they weren't giving her storylines and she wasn't the best at delivering a joke.


Gotcha. And so You know sometimes they would give her material and they would just fall flat. And if you fall flat and run throughs, they gonna rewrite you and You know we're kids back then. So You know kids. That's the thing. You can't roast each other nowadays, at least not in public. But trust me, kids are still roasting each other. That's never going to go away. Right. So You know, we'd be sitting in the background and like, and she blows the layup. You know. It was like she You know. And it's just like You know. You can only mess up so much before and be arrogant about it in a fur coat in a Mercedes too before somebody says enough of this. And don't forget, my producers You know this is a story that precedes my show. They famously fired a woman named Valerie Harper.


We had a show called Valerie and the show became the Hogan family. And Tom Miller, may he rest in peace, walked onto the set and said, you are done. And in one file, swoop changed the name of the show from Valerie to the Hogan family and put the focus on Jason Bateman and people forget those kinds of history. So, but why they didn't just Aunt Viv, Judy then. So why they didn't just bring in somebody else because they didn't, they didn't feel like they needed the character. Like they, we didn't have social media. So they were like, she's already only in one scene. You know that we, we've written her down as much as we possibly can. It reaches a point where the corporation does the corporation thing. It was like, well how much are we paying? Right? Okay, well just save the money.


And you don't have to answer to social media either. And the thing that I do like where I like to address it with sensitivity is You know And. I talk about that. I say, look, the first miracle we have in our lives is who you born to You know some people were born on third base You know. And in this situation, I really felt like You know Jamie was born to a mother who put herself before her daughter and she had ideas of grandeur that weren't necessarily very realistic. And it sucks for Jamie that she has to wear that scarlet letter for the rest of her life. Wow. And And I hope that Jamie finds peace outside of show business. To be quite honest, You know this show business can start to make you think that this is the only way to make money. This is the only way to live. Like if it didn't, I talk about that with Jonathan Brandis because I, he passed away and he took his life.


And I just, I was very close to him at that particular time. And I saw signs of someone that was really putting too much emphasis on what this business meant to his existence on earth. I got one last question. I know you gotta go. You were heavy. Do I have to go? I mean, I'm being kicked out. Yeah, they Said 10 o'clock. Yeah, they said 10 o'clock now. Now did you jump into cannabis early? Oh man, I'm, listen, cannabis is just something I'm really passionate about because it landed on me. That's my Plymouth Rock. It just landed on me. You know the, I've been trying to get at the cannabis game for probably like about, shoot eight or nine years now to be quite honest. And it's just, it's been very challenging to meet the right people that are placed where they need to be placed. They care about quality, they care about diversity because they're, they're gonna change these laws and play with this, these laws in such a way that the big guys are gonna come in and they're gonna scoop it all up.


And just the way they just played us with Bitcoin, it's gonna go down all the same way. So I'm lucky to have met some really cool cats. We're not nationwide, but, but my guy, the Wolf group, they gonna, we we gonna have some fun. Did you Got a dispensary or Scran or? No, it's a, they named a the Streets then back in 2003 named a strain after my, after my old character. I don't even know if it was after my old character or maybe somebody was just inspired. They were watch an episode of Family Matters. So they call a strain Purple local. I've been named Checked Everywhere. Rap songs, TV shows. I've been named that. Purple s been named Checked Everywhere. And people think that I made money off of it. So my brand name is, it's purple. I always like to let people know. And, and that actually came from a joke where it was like, when people see me, they think they're being discreet sometimes where they go, oh, it's Urkel And, I always just wanted to have something to say back like, no, it's purple.


Oh. And so that's what, that's fine. I see what You did. Yeah. So that's what it's so that's what it's purple to brand even stands for. But we are the house of purple Oracle. We make the best damn purple oracle that anybody makes out there. Did you bring something with you? I what'd I tell you what? I gonna put bring the Drugs next time. Bring The drugs. What I Tell you, I left it in the damn hotel, but I'm telling you, I will find you dog. I'm here for the wheel. Don, don't have time for one more. Yeah. Jump In. Myra, Michelle Thomas. Yes. Every time. You Be careful now. That's My girl. I know. I was gonna say, every time you talk about her, it's very emotional for you. And it like I feel that that's your girl, right? Yeah. Or was I wanna know off, off camera when you guys developed your relationship that we then saw on camera 'cause it was so believable.


What was that off-camera relationship like and like building that for the characters on camera. Like how did you guys, 'cause you were so young. Yeah. Nah, just You know. Michelle started off playing Malcolm Jamal Warner's girlfriend on the, on the Cosby Show. And so she was always older than me. So even though she was so small and bubbly and You know big, but she was, she, I looked at her like a little sister. I'm like a big sister. Yeah. And we just had this amazing chemistry. My mama loved her too. So that always that that made things easy. And she just made it her business to always wanna, always wanna hook me up with somebody. And she introduced me to Martha's Vineyard and, and, and You know spending summers there and we just had an amazing chemistry.


She was just, and she was just down like everybody knew Michelle. Everybody knew Michelle in the music business. Everybody music just everywhere we went, people loved Michelle. Yeah. And unfortunately she passed away to Summit Cancer and that was just a very emotional time because we just knew what she was going through as an actress. Yeah. And that's why I always like to remind people too You know, they always try to apply this type casting narrative to me. I said, man, listen, this is a tough business. If you really want me to make you a list of people who are You know, trying to get to their next opportunity, I can. And you'll see it doesn't have as much to do with type casting as you think. So during the time when she went out, I just, I wish that there had been some better opportunities for her You. know what I'm saying? Like, Carl Weathers just passed away and You know Mandalorian was a nice thing for him man to have on the way out.


So Oh, you Want people to buy the book growing up? Urkel but You know. It is, it is interesting to see how much of the love y'all created off camera. Yeah. You know. Yeah, no, it was, it was real love man. Like You know. I I get it. Yes. It was bumpy in the beginning, especially with the adults and, and and the parents are some of the kids. But that's my puberty. You know Darius is out here Wildling at times. You know. He And I. We slide each other's dms, but that's my brother. I mean, we've all had You know brothers or whatever, frat brothers or or college friends that You know bugging out or whatnot. But you don't abandon that cat. You still taking his call. Y'all just laugh it off. And that's what my relationship is with, with Kelly and Darius. It's very brotherly and sisterly and You know I'll always defend our entire cast actually for the work that we did.


That's what it is. Well, JAL white ladies and gentlemen growing up, it's a pleasure. My brother is out right now. Make you pick it up and thank you for joining us. Thank you. It's been a long time. You supposed to come here like years ago, but And I would run into y'all to airports and stuff, right? I Call you on the plane. Yeah. You know. I always give credit to a brother though. Who'll see me at You know who's famous and he'll see me at the airport and be like, okay, how you gonna act? And he was cool. Was is the famous person in this Situation between you and him? Well, You know I've had other people. I'd be Howard Stern, I've You know. I remember Howard Stern was sitting in coach behind me flying to New York. I was flying to New York to do his show. And, and then I got up And I actually took him some dessert and on the flight and he's like, oh yeah, I can't believe you came back here. And, and then when I did the show, he was like, okay, I knew you were a cool dude 'cause you came back to say, what's up to me And, and Coach, what the hell And I was like, yeah man, I Was Howard and coach.


That's, He might just need to get to New York. Exactly. And that's so that'll happen to famous folks too. It's like, yo, sometimes you get Stuck. I figured Howard makes so much money. You gotta get home. Nah, this is before. This is like before, before. This is before Private Park. Sometimes you just gotta get home. Oh, this was before Private Park. Okay. Okay. So he had Loop, but he didn't have the bag. Right now he is like, you better get your ass back to work. That's right. He Helicopter. I think we're building a building now. Well, ladies and gentlemen, it's JAL White. The Breakfast, Club out now. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers and my stockings. Looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon now.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers, Katie's publicist and finalists. That's right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course, we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's Wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it. And be sure to go watch Wicked in theaters starting November 22nd. Listen To Lost Cultist on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The 2025 iHeartPodcasts Awards are coming. This is the chance to nominate your podcast for the industry's biggest award. Submit your podcast for nomination now at iheart.com/podcast awards. But hurry, submissions close on December 8th. Hey, you've been doing all that talking, it's time to get rewarded for it. Submit your podcast today at iheart.com/podcast awards. That's iheart.com/podcast awards.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and DAF News Inga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World, We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.