
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Everybody, It's your favorite play. Cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hostings, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast Dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The World of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Athletes Unlimited Softball League and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought To you by Novartis founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports Network.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, jelly. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. They Call him Big Ellie. The Reason I'm, I don't wanna mess up your last name is my style. It's Ms. Stall rhymes with christal. I made that up myself. Alright. The kids used to say Ellie rhymes with jelly And I don't like that at all. So Mans color with, but welcome new book out. Bad Law Man. First of all, Ellie, you know, you one of my favorite people to listen to. I love reading your work in the nation. I started reading a lot more of your stuff a few years ago when I realized the constitution didn't mean much. Okay.


Not us anymore, right? So to, so the people, I'm glad you're here. What got you into studying constitutional law? Well, I went to law school. Okay. And I hated it. I went to Harvard Law School and you know, part of the legal training is like they, they say that they're gonna make you think like a lawyer, right? So what that means is that they take the way you think, which was fine to me, and they break you and then they try to build you back up in this new like legal way of, of understanding The World. And I just never accepted the training. I like at every point when you're telling me that like, oh well this is how it's always been done. I'm always like by the slaves. Mm. And I should care about that.


Why? And just so it was a constant while I was in law school, like back and forth in terms of my professors trying to kind of push me in a certain box and me resisting that box and not, you know, not all of my professors I, one of my professors was current Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan, she was great, right? But I would go to her office hours and be like, why is this like this? And she would say, Thurgood Marshall once said, it's like I don't give a damn what Thurgood said. He was talking for a different time. What about our time? And so these were the conversations I had all the time. And that led to my first book and certainly my career in general. And that's Why you feel like all laws before 1965 should be deemed unconstitutional. I said presumptively unconstitutional, which is a legal dodge on the, okay, I'm trying to lawyer my way around that.


But my fundamental premise is that before the 1965 Voting Rights Act, which I think is the most important piece of legislation ever passed in American history, this was functionally an apartheid country. Not everybody who lived here could vote here. Not everybody who lived here could participate in the government here. The majority of people who lived here, if you think about not just black people, but also Latinos and also women couldn't actually participate in the government. What do you call that? We have a word for that. It's that word is apartheid. And so if you're now gonna say that we passed some law before everybody had a say, before everybody had a vote and that law, it should still be controlling today, I say hell no.


Right? Right. It's like Roy breaker from lock stock, right? If the milk sour, I ain't the type of pussy to drink it, right? Right. So if you're gonna go all the way back before everybody had had a vote, I'm saying that presumptively speaking, that law should mean nothing. Now, I'm not saying that you get rid of every single law passed before 1965. Some of them I quite like, like the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Think that was a good law. I also like the Sherman Antitrust Act. I like a lot of laws that were passed before 1965. But my argument is that if we like the law, we could pass it again. We could pass it again this time asking everybody. And for that example, I didn't make that up myself. Right? The example that I'm using here is what they did in South Africa, right?


When South Africa got over apartheid, did they just go back to their Africana racist constitution and be like, oh, we just need a couple of amendments, we just need a couple of changes here to make it work. No, they threw the whole thing out and started again this time asking everybody, wow, this time having a completely new delegation of all of the people of South Africa, not just the white folks, but not no white folks. And they came up with a new constitution. One of the reasons why the South African constitution is generally thought of as one of the best constitutions in The World. And ours continues to be a piece of crap. So what Laws would you kick out immediately? What laws are you saying it needs to get the fuck Outta here?


Yeah. So the first one I have in my book is that I want to eliminate every single Voter registration law. All of them. All of them in every state are bad, right? That's different from Voter eligibility, right? We, I think, can all agree that there should be eligibility requirements like an age requirement, right? You have to be 18 to vote. Yep. I might say 16, but I'm not gonna say eight, right? I got an 8-year-old, we don't want, no, they're not ready for that. Right? That's a Voter eligibility requirement. But once we, once you're eligible, there's no reason for you to have to pre-register in order to execute your franchise. If you're eligible to vote, you should just be able to rock up to the polls and vote again.


I didn't make that up. That's what they do in nearly every other democracy. And nearly every other democracy either has mandatory registration, automatic registration, or same day registration. What we do with this bull crap of like having to show up 10 days before, a month before in some places in order to pre-register before you're allowed, we are alone basically in the modern world in terms of people who do that. So we could just get rid of all of them. We could just get rid of all of them. And the people will say like, oh, well we can't do that because of Voter fraud. Right? Well first of all, And I know this is gonna be hard for some listeners who spend a lot of time listening to Republican lies, but Voter fraud does not exist.


I Love, I loved how you broke that down in the book. Expound please. Right. Voter fraud just doesn't exist. It's not a real thing. We shouldn't make laws based on protecting us from things that don't exist. Right? An analogy I've made is like if let's say I don want to go fishing, I don't wanna go fishing that lake. The government says, nah, you can't fish there. And I say, why? And they say, 'cause the La Nest Monta might get you like, get outta my face with that. Shut up. That's stupid. We're not going to restrict my right to fish because of a thing that doesn't exist. So that's number one. But number two, Republicans keep saying we need Voter id. The Voter ID is the thing that secures our election that protects us from Voter fraud. And I call their bluff. I'm like, all right, you want Voter id?


Fine. Let's make a deal. Remember how this country used to actually make deals in order to move forward? Let's make a deal. I'll give you your Voter id. It's gotta be national, it's gotta be free. 'cause if it's not free, it violates the 24th amendments prohibition on poll taxes. But you give me a free national, I, I'll give you a free national Voter id and you give me automatic registration of every eligible Voter that is also portable between either in the states or between the state's. Portable means if I move, I don't have to re-register, my registration follows me. I don't have to follow my registration, you make you give me that deal, I will give you your ID card who says no.


And I promise you, the people who say no are the Republicans are the ones who claim that Voter ID is necessary to secure our election. Because their goal is not to secure elections. Because again, Voter fraud doesn't exist. Their goal is to restrict people from voting. So if I say, Hey, we're gonna fix your fake fraud problem, but we're gonna let a lot more people have a lot easier access to voting. Republicans are the ones that are like, oh no, that's not Yes, but not like that. Right? It's so, so again, if you, if they were serious about Voter id, there is a deal on the table that we could make. And they are the ones who don't wanna make it. And that goes through, as I'm sure you guys know, through so many issues in this country where republicans claim that there's a problem.


And Democrats And I got a lot of smoke in the book for Democrats. But generally Democrats are like, okay, let's make a deal. And Republicans are like, we don't want the deal. We want the issue. Yeah, we don't want to fix it. We want people to be pissed that it isn't fixed. And that's what Republicans keep doing as opposed to actually making a deal with Democrats who are always willing to fold and, and trade and, and, and, and whatever. And so we don't fix any things. We just keep being pissed about things that aren't fixed. Well, question, do you feel like all elections have been free and fair? 'cause people will say, Democrats will say the 2016 election was stolen. And then some will say they feel like this one was stolen. Big picture. We haven't had a single free fair election in this country ever.


Hmm? Ever. 'cause we've never had an election in this country. This goes back to my my point. We've never had an election in this country where everybody who was eligible to vote or should be eligible to vote could easily go and vote. So I would say it's never actually been free and fair in terms of the particulars and the current, what was rigged, what wasn't rigged, whatever. Look, Trump lost in 2020 and he won in 2024. I don't like that he won in 2024, but he both got the most popular votes. 90 million people stayed home, but he got the most popular votes of the people who bothered to show up. And I believe the election happened as fairly as we do in this country.


What do you think about his executive orders on elections that he just recently signed? Oh, all the, this is all his national id crap. Okay. And if you look at his na, his version of national Id think about the things that he won't do that I just said that we could do for national id. He won't make it free. He literally is talking about IDs that people have to pay for. And while that might not be a lot of money to people like you and me, that's a lot of money to somebody. And it's a regressive tax. That means like it's a hard, it's a larger percentage of your funds, the lower, the less money you have, right? So first of all, he's not making it free. Second of all, he's not making it national. So he's putting in a system where like Alabama or Mississippi can have one kind of ID requirement.


But Wisconsin and New York can have another kind of ID requirement. And we can imagine just how worse it'll be, how much harder it will be for certain kinds of people to get IDs in Alabama or Mississippi versus New York or California, right? So he's not making a national fix to the problem. And he's trying to give the specter that this is somehow tied to making sure that people are citizens. Citizens already, non-citizens already can't vote. And there has again, not been any evidence produced by any of these people that we have a significant, or even a minor portion of non-citizens actually trying to vote.


Again. It just doesn't happen and certainly doesn't happen in the numbers that would be necessary to like flip an election, right? But that, but he's not, again, he's not interested in fixing the problem. He is interested in keeping people angry and pissed off about the problem. Mm. We're talking to Ellie must style a new book out now. Bad Law, Ten Popular Laws That Are Ruining America. And you talk about chapter three, ah, who gave away the skies to the airline. Now I just want you to know, Jess and myself, were reading some of your chapter titles. Yes. We love them. We gotta go through a lot of 'em. There's a couple at that. Me and her were talking, we were like, absolutely these would be good if we were on edibles. But go, Do y'all like flying? Yes. Yeah. Do you love flying? I do. You like flying?


I hate flying. It is like the worst. It, it is always the worst day of my life. Why? Well, I'm fat so I gotta, I gotta squeeze myself into a small as seat that ain't built for me. I got somebody's, you know, seat back fall right into my lap. I can't eat nothing. The seatbelt Extender, Right? I gotta get, I the most embarrassing moment of my life. Every time I have to do, ma'am, can I have a seat? But I'm a fatty please. And then I have to hang, right? And then I like cry on the inside, right? Aw, the food's expensive. The liquor sucks, the service sucks. I'm always the late my bags get lost. It is miserable. Jesus. Right? Why Don't you fly cargo Didn't. Why don't you fly Ascar? Dude, whenever I can, whenever I can, I drive.


I'm not even, I'm not, whenever, whenever I can, I drive. And I know that's bad for the environment, but like whenever I, if I'm doing east coast, that's why my agent's like, you know, if you want Ellie kind of east of the Hudson, it's like one price. And if you want me to get on a plane, it's a whole different price. I don't believe. Right? The yesterday's price is not today's price. If I got across, if I got a gun on a plane. But anyway, it didn't always used to be this way. Flying used to be awesome, spacious seats, good service kind people. And they weren't nickel and dimming you at every point. And what the reason why it used to be great and now it's not, is this thing called deregulation. The idea, the airline industry used to be one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country.


That makes a lot of sense because we're putting metal in the sky and hoping it comes down at a survivable R rate. That's crazy. Mm. So it used to be one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country with literal price fixing. Literally they could, they, the government set the maximum price that you could charge for certain routes. And I know conservatives, Republicans, even a lot of Democrats are like price fixing. That's terrible. That stops innovation. No, it doesn't. It makes flying a public service and it makes it easy for people to get around the country. FDR thought it was a war plan, thought it was part of our mobilization plan for war to have reliable, cheap and AC an accessible commercial air flight.


Right? Democrats and Republicans gave the skies away literally to corporate Raiders in the 1970s. Now when I started researching this book, I actually assumed that this was a Ronald Reagan program because most, you know, I don know about your process. My process is usually like, if I see something bad, show me the Republicans, right? Show me what Reagan did. 'cause I'm sure it's his fault. And there's always a mustache twirling Republican, you know, behind every curtain. But for this particular issue, this Republican plan to deregulate the airlines and let corporate, let the market decide how we fly, as opposed to the government that was spearheaded by the Democrats.


And as I did the research Democrats that we all know kept coming up, Joe Biden, Ted Kennedy, huge in this deregulation. Stephen Breyer, one of the Democratic appointees to the Supreme Court. For a long time there were all of these Democrats that like sucked, got sucked in Ralph Nader, right? Got sucked into the gospel of deregulation. And once they did it, once the Republicans, I would say snow, snow job, the Democrats into this thing, the first thing that happened when they gave away the airlines is the thing that has, that has killed the Democratic Party for my entire lifetime. This, the Airline Deregulation Act came out in 1978. I was born in 1978 for my entire lifeline.


Labor got gutted. Airline jobs used to be good jobs, baggage handlers and flight attendants and pilots. Pilots used to be one of the best jobs you could get. And with market forces, with deregulation, those good jobs got slashed. Right? And then you go into the Reagan era where Reagan's like social safety net, ha ha, here's a big old hole I'm cutting in your social safety net. And people fell from good middle class jobs straight through down to the bottom. And they've never forgiven the Democrats for it. See, that's the, that's the thing that that that I think the Democratic party didn't kind of realize when you cut labor, labor used to vote for Democrats consistently.


Right? Not just black labor, white labor. This white working class laborers used to vote for Democrats. But once the market controlled everything, Democrats weren't helping them. And that's how they became, I believe it's part of the reason why they became obsessed with their cultural issues as opposed to their economic issues. 'cause they felt like they weren't gonna get ahead economically anyway. Right? If you tell people like, you're not gonna get ahead economically, you're gonna be poor, you're gonna be struggling, but you're gonna be better off than that black person over there. That's right. They're gonna be like, okay, sign me up Trump. Like, that's, that's how it happens. You get, you tell white folks that they're gonna have nothing, but they're gonna have a little bit more than black folks and white folks will sign up for it.


Yeah. The rich white man is convinced the poor white man that the liberal white man is taking all this shit and giving it to niggas. And It's not true. And it's just straight up not true. But this act, this particular law that I write about is one of the first times where the democrats, where the Democratic party played ball with the Republicans. And I say that it's one of the biggest mistakes of the Democrats for the past 50 years. And if you understand how they make that mistake, you can understand how they've made pretty much every mistake they've made sense. Right? Because it's the same problem, it's the same giving to the market. What should be a government service? I understand that people don't like the government. I understand that people think the government is inefficient. I don't like the government, I don't like interacting with government forces.


But as opposed to the market, see people say, you can vote with your wallet. Nah, the person with the biggest wallet can vote the most when you're in the market. If you're in the government, then my vote technically counts just as much as yours. Right. And that's the huge difference. So when you give away government services to the market, what you are doing, Democrats is giving away my power to affect change in my own life. Right? And that's, that's the problem. It's like the difference between going, sending your kids to a school and sending your, your kids to a factory. Right? If you send them to a school, I have a vote. I have a say in how that school's run and what my kids should be taught and how they should be treated.


If you send, if I send my kids to the factory, the all, all I gotta say in is in their paycheck. Right? Gotcha. And I'm using child labor because Trump wants to do that now too. Now you got a question, right? Jess? Chapter nine? No, it's 10. No. Okay. Chapter nine. Well actually, well, can't we say gay? What are we supposed to say? So, You know, As I'm sure most of your listeners are aware of, I could have written the whole book Just Bad Law in Florida. Like you just, yeah, you can just go gone through the Florida claim. This is terrible. This is, this is just racist. This is stupid. Right? I focused on the Florida don't say gay law because it is so particularly oppressive and stupid.


The law says that you cannot teach about gender, gender difference. Sexuality differences, transgender issues. You can't say any of those words to school children.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same-day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Jr. From The Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra. And experience the uncompromising strength with its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with a available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Right? And if you talk to certain kinds of conservatives who are like, well that's fine, why does, why does a third grader need to learn about gay people? Why can't they just learn about reading, writing, right? And I'm like, do y'all have third graders? Like do I I got a 12-year-old and a 9-year-old. Right? They talk about all this stuff. They're, they're not in a kind of lascivious sexual way, but they're interested in in who, in, in how these things work. They see, right? They see it. And I wonder though, would they be if they weren't taught about it in schools or shown it on television? Yeah. 'cause they just see it in their daily lives, right? And so I use the example if I, if I'm a school teacher and I'm, you know, I, I've got my wife And I have a picture of me and my wife on my desk at school, the kids see that it's me and my wife, right?


That it's a man and a woman, right? If I'm a gay school teacher And I have a picture of me and my husband on the desk, they see that that's different, right? They see that it's a man and a man and they might have a question about that. And in Florida I'm not allowed to say Why. And so you act like it. People act like it's neutral, but it's not. It is, what's the scholars call heteronormative. It's pushing the man and the woman. That's the normal way of doing it. And the man and the man or the woman and woman. That's just crazy and weird when you could Just say like, oh, that's my husband. Anyway, back to math. So what do you think about, you know, Trump's transgender bill ware, it's just two genders, this and the other. What, what is your thoughts on that?


It's, It's, again, it biologically it's not true. There are people who are different. That's just a biological fact. We can pretend people are, people think that, is it Biological or neurological? Man? I don't know. I'm not a Scientist because I said neurological because you can think you're in the wrong body. But I'm not gonna, that's not biologically the facts, man. I don biologically is men and women. I, i i, no, I I don't think that's right. I think that there are, I I, I again is something Other than men and women. You have aliens as I see now you're, you're pushing me into don't say Gay, you're, You're getting me away from the law.


But I, I'm, I'm just asking As I understand it, there are people who are born with female hormones in male bodies. Right. Or vice versa. And they want to express how they feel inside as opposed to how they look on the outside. But I think the larger point is not just that, I don't know. The larger point is, I don't care. There you go. There you go. There you go. Yeah. It's not me. I'm the way that I am. Right? I don't care how it doesn't affect me. Just somebody else being trans doesn't make me think, oh man, maybe I should, maybe I should be trans. I always want it to where wear nice hats. Like that's not like, that's not how my whatever.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I tell a story in the, in in the book about in my kids' class, one of, one of the kids in my younger kids' class came out as a boy after being a girl. At what age? I don wanna say eight. Okay. And you know, the parents were just like, how does one really, how's that? The kids were just like, yeah, whatever. It's ramsey's now. It used to be Cleopatra. It's Ramsey's now. But It's Cool though. And then if I'm your mom, I'm like, no, I named you fucking Corey. How are you just gonna come up and be Shakira today? Wasn't That we Gotta think about that. But, but, but that's between, that's between Ramsey's and, and his mom and the mom. Okay. That's not between me and Ram. That's not, that's not between the school and the kid.


I don't have a say, but it kind of does Because what you saying? What did the school call him or her? You know what Emini here? Because if your mama named you Corey, and now you, you saying, I don't wanna be called Corey. I wanna be called Shameika. So now if the school supposed to call you Shamika, I Just don't think Angel Should be Making that decision, man. I go to, I, my kids go to a progressive school where like if my kid came in and said I wanna be called ketchup today, they would call him ketchup for like, they would just, they would call him what the kid wants to be called. And I think that's just the natural thing to do. If somebody comes and tells you their name, you say their name. Right? You don't say, actually you are Cassius Clay. No. You say you wanna be Muhammad Ali today. Guess what? You get to be Muhammad Ali. So The kid goes to school and say, I'm Batman. They gonna call your kid Batman. They're gonna call my kid Batman. But See, I think that's a little different. We're talking about a name, is it?


Yeah. Because if, if I say yes, this is my name, you call me my name. But if I say I am ketchup And I just stand still, and when hot dogs come around, ketchup coming out my head. That's different. That's just a little different. I don't, I see, I disagree. I don't think Ramsey's does anything different in school now that he's Ramsey than he did when he was Cleopatra. I don't think that there's any, doesn't learn differently. Doesn't go to, doesn't eat lunch in, He might going different. He might start going different bathrooms might Start going To other women un which make women uncomfortable. Are the kids Uncomfortable? Real? Yeah. The other 8-year-old girls All, they're only eight allies. Do you, do you know how uncomfortable kids are in bathrooms as they hit puberty generally? So now you send a little boy in.


Yeah. But now it was into a Girls, into a private stall, Into a, but you gotta walk past the sinks and other dudes into A, Before you get to the private stall into A stall, Private stall. And it's like, what you doing here, Shae? You know, shame Into your, you have daughters or sons? Sons. All right. So your sons will not get naked in front of your wife and, and other women, but he will do it in front of you. Correct. If you have to change or if it's something like that. She, yeah. Now imagine a girl going into a, a boy's bathroom where urinal, he's gonna feel uncomfortable. It's gonna make him feel awkward, don't you think? And even more uncomfortable than he would then, you know? So we were at city field and my boy going on the urinal and my boy just drops trout, doesn't use the fly, doesn't like just drops. Just drops trow to his ankles and just takes a pee.


Now I was uncomfortable. I was like, that's that, that, how was you raised? Oh wait, that was me. Like how did that happen? Right? And I was like, maybe you should pull, you know, when you do, he's like, oh, why it's my butt why I was peeing. And I was like, Son, he definitely sounds like your son. Yes. That's a fair point, right? Yeah. Like people will get over it. People, people will learn. And again, we're all, we're talking about this from the perspective of making things more comfortable for the heteronormative kids in the school. We also should be talking about this in terms of making things more comfortable for the trans kids in the school. Because as much as we might say it might be uncomfortable for the trans girl in the girl's bathroom, for the other girls.


Imagine how uncomfortable it is for the trans girl in the boys' bathroom as they hit puberty. And we know, and again, this is not me making it up. We know, statistically speaking that trans women are the most likely people to be brutalized, to be murdered, to be beaten up, to be victims of domestic violence in this country. So if you're telling me that we can potentially save some trans kids from that fate and the cost is that some girls have to be a little bit uncomfortable in a bathroom at a high school, that is a trade that I am willing to make. And that is a trade that I think society should Be willing to make. I respect everybody's right to live, but I don't wanna have this conversation no more.


Like you said, what you said earlier is true. I don't care. Yeah. Why y'all lost the last election? Like Not just one of your favorite people. You like to listen to 'em. I do. I just don't like this one. You listen, take, take them all comes you like to do. Only, only, I don't even, Can I just get back to the law? Just really quickly, please. Just very quickly on the law of this, the idea that we can discriminate against trans people, but nobody else doesn't make sense legally. Right? If we're gonna have a law that treats everybody equal under, under the law, then we have to treat trans people with the same kind of respect and decency that we treat everybody else. And once you start trying to poke holes in that, you see they're not stopping at trans, they're going right to gay, they're going right to all these other things. Right? The chapter. It says the chapter, We can't say gay this start.


Now we can't say trans Now we can't say trans now we can't say say all these other things, right? So again, from a legal standpoint, equality, you Want to drop your trousers? You go, go back. No, no, no. You about to just pee right here. Just rip your shit out and just pee right here. We're not uncomfortable at all. That's we, we gotta, we revolved, Right? Yeah. So yeah. So just legally speaking, the easiest thing in the law is just to treat everybody equally. I got you. Why are people so nonchalantly, nonchalantly discussing Trump getting a third term? Hmm. Well here's the thing. He can't constitutionally, but what he can't do and what he can do are two very different Things. That's right. Right?


That's right. If you understand that we live in a fascist dictatorship and we do, this is what it feels like. I know that the New York Times hasn't said today, fascism started, but like it started, right? This is, we are now living in a fascist dictatorship. And so when you tell the fascist dictator, Hey, you can't do this legally, ah, I might be right, but he might not care. So if you're asking me about the law, no, there is at the 22nd Amendment is ironclad on this issue. There is no wiggle room. You cannot serve, you cannot be elected president more than twice. Doesn't matter if your terms were consecutive or non-consecutive. They were very clear at what they wanted to do when they wrote that amendment.


It's one of the most clear amendments in the entire Constitution that said Trump is a fascist dictator. And if he look bro, my man lost the 2020 election and attacked the capitol and came this close to overturning that election. Right? So who's to say that he can't do it again? Who's to say that he can't be successful in doing it the next time? Right? Like, so we, we can't b blindly say that he can't do something just because he's legally prevented from doing something he's already shown. Yeah. Doesn't actually give a damn about what he's legally prevented from doing. Yeah. So can I make a case for how he'll do it? Sure. I can make, IIII like to say one of the things that makes me a little bit of a different legal commentator than a lot of others is that I understand what white people are capable of.


Hmm. I've never forgotten what white people are capable of in this country. And if you wanna tell me that Trump is gonna run for a third term and has a way to win it, I can tell you how he does it. He gets himself, 'cause remember we don't have one federal election system in this country. We have 50. So all he has to do is get himself on the ballot in red states that are already capitulating to him enough red states to get to 270 votes. The ballot process is controlled by the states, not by the federal government. Wow. You can say, well, like he shouldn't be kicked off the ballot, but he should have been kicked off the ballot last time. 'cause he was in violation of the 14th Amendment. What did the Supreme Court do? Oh no, we shouldn't decide such things. It should be up to the 14th Amendment.


He should have been kicked off last time. But the Supreme Court didn't step in. Will they step in next time? I don't know. So what Al Sharpton and everybody saying is bs that that can't happen. That's untrue. It can, No, I it's not bs it can't happen legally. Got you. But let's not fool ourselves to think that Trump is not willing to act illegally. Got you. Right. He can illegally get himself on the ballot. He can illegally get himself to some version of 270 votes and he can illegally declare that he is still the President. And who's gonna check him Boo. Who's gonna actually stop him from doing that? Right. It won't be the Supreme Court. I love the article you wrote for the nation called It's Impossible to overstate the damage done by the Supreme Court.


Do you think the Supreme Court would back him in something like that? I don't know. Wow. I not only do I not know that they would back him if they don't, I don't know that he would follow their order. Yeah. There's, there's been no evidence that Trump is gonna follow a Supreme Court order that he doesn't like. And more to the point, there's been absolutely no evidence that he's going to enforce a Supreme Court order on the co-president Elon Musk that he doesn't like. So even if the Supreme Court stands up to him, and I'm putting that in air quotes, there's no evidence that he'll actually listen to them. 'cause he control anything that he controls the physical power of. And I, And I think people really under have to understand this in a kind of chess thumping way. Like if he physically controls it, if he, 'cause he physically controls the army, he physically controls the paramilitary, he physically controls the secret police.


If he physically can control something, he doesn't have to listen to nobody. Legal illegal doesn't actually matter to him if he has physical control now, if he only has control because he's gotta get other people to do his bidding in the states in the localities. That's a place where the Supreme Court can kind of step in and, and maybe show some spine. Right? So if you think about these lawsuits that he has in New York against like Kath Hoel, if it's a situation where like he has to force Kathie Hoel to do something and Kathy Hoel says no and the Supreme Court says no, well then I don't think Trump can't force her to do it unless he's literally willing to put, you know, boots on the gw. Which he might, but you know, then we'd have some real traffic problems in Fort Lee.


But if it's something that he has complete physical control over, I see no evidence of him actually following a Supreme Court order. What, what do you say to people who say, is it really a fascist dictatorship if this is what people voted for? That that people will say this. That was democracy working. People voted for Hitler. Yeah. People voted for Franco. People voted for Pinoche. Fascist dictators are always popular. That's how they get to be fascist. Right. And it never has to happen to a lot of people. That's not how they stay in power. It just has to happen to enough people to make everybody else fear. It could happen to them. That's how fascism has always worked. It's never been the, i I read a book, Adam Sirer from the Atlantic made me read a book recently called They Thought they Were Free.


And it's about, it's like written about Germans in the 1950s. And it kind of goes back to how all the free Germans, who we call Nazis now, didn't think they were part of a Nazi fascist regime. They thought they were just normal citizens in their country. They didn't know they were under a dictatorship in real time. Because for most people, their lives don't have to change. Yeah. Most people can keep doing whatever they were. Most people, whatever they were doing on November 4th, they could still do on November 6th. The election didn't change their lives because it never changes most people's lives. 'cause then they would get pissed off. It only has to happen to a few people. It only happens to, happens to a smaller sect, especially a sect that this country that people think are deserving of cruelty and shame and a lack of dignity.


You know, whether it's trans people or new immigrants or whatever, people who think deserve black people deserve to get the boot up the ass. That's who it happens to. I'm a good person. It doesn't have to happen to me. That's how fascism always work. Look guys, we live in a country where you can get snatched up off the street for writing an article in the newspaper. And as a person who writes articles in newspapers, this is something that has really worried me and really changed and affected how I think about my job and my life. And we can say, well it only happened to green card holders. Yeah. Now so far, how long before it happens to me?


I'm American. So I was born Queens. Right, but how long, really? What part Queens flushing? I was close enough to say that you could hear the stadium. Like what high school Did you go to? I'm just curious. In my, well then I moved to Long Island And I went to Friends Academy, which is like a private Quaker school, England Cove. Kind of as my parents made more money, we moved further and further. That's how work Queen out on the island. Right. So as I think about my career when I, I, when I'm doing book events, now I have security. Yeah. Right. Which is not something I did for my first book. Right. When I write, I think about like how, you know, I'm very, when I write about Musk especially 'cause he's the one with so much power, I write very truthfully about him. But carefully, I use all of my legal skills when I'm writing about Musk to be very careful about what I'm saying.


'cause I know that he will sue people and he will go after people. Right. Is there anything that you feel like this presidency has done good at all? Or is everything bad? What you thinking carefully now? No, I'm trying to think carefully how to say it without cursing. Feel free, let fly. Feel free to crash. Yes. It's okay. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Not one fucking thing because there is not one fucking thing that fascism does Well and if I give them that credit, I legitimize all of it. It's one of the reasons why I was so angry at Schumer's capitulation on the budget deal. If you say that you can work with these people here, there and whatever, what you're fundamentally saying is that you just have a little bit of a disagreement on this, that and the other thing.


You're not actually fighting fascism. You are just playing normal bullshit partisan politics. Right. From my perspective, Trump is a fascist threat to the country. Nothing he do can be o can be. Okay. And I wanted have said that about other Republicans. I wanted to have said that about Mitt Romney or John McCain or even w Dick Cheney. Different but D but even W. Right. You could find some things that you could work together with those people on because they were fundamentally democratic presidents. Emini here, democratic with a small D Right. Presidents who believed in democracy Don't get gay. Oh we can't say gay. Oh we're in New York. We're in New York. Don't get gay. 'cause you said small D and they was just thinking of small penises. No you weren't.


Yes. Y'all weren't. What wrong with you Jess? I've got a couple more Questions. I said small D And I said Bush like in the same section Just to Be canid. But you know, what was, do me, what was the significance of Cory book? Cory Booker's filibuster. It's got, one of the things that Democrats can do since they have no political power, is start building narratives. Start start building movements and start building momentum towards change. Right. One of the reasons why I wrote my book is that I, look, I wrote this in before the election, before Joe Biden's first debate. I knew we were in trouble by the time, you know, while I was writing it, I, I was under no illusions. But I kept writing it And I kept thinking that this would be a good time to release it.


Because from my perspective, if we lost this book then becomes my first attempt to write project 2029. Ooh, I love that. These people are out here writing project 2025. When did they start writing that in 2021 when they had no power. When they had no political power whatsoever. That's when they started their plans for this current MAGA revolution. So from my perspective, this is the time when we have no power that we need to actually start thinking bigger and start thinking more actively. Right. When republicans come into office, they come in with a sledgehammer and they smash things. Smash things that I hold dear smash things that I care about. Right. When Democrats come into office, we come in with like super glue and tape and we're gonna like put the base back together to make, we gotta smash some things.


My book is about what we can smash. What Corey was doing is that same kind of idea of building momentum to something bigger. And that is the best use of democratic power at this point. 'cause it's the only, it's the only power that they have. Right? You can't actually stand up to them legally 'cause you have no authority. You can't stand, stand to the Congress 'cause you have no authority. Now I think they should be doing more than placards at the state of the Union. That was pathetic doing what Cory Booker did. Breaking racist Strom Thurman's record on the Senate floor. Like these are the narratives and stories that we can be building now so that by the time we get to 2026, I'm not even talking about 2028, tell me get to 2026 primary season.


That's the fight. But is it too late if we're already in a fascist dictatorship? Fascist dictatorships don't historically last very long. Okay. Because they overplay their hands. They're terrible and they overplay their hands. And while they, that that small group of people that they want to hurt at the outset that everybody's like, yeah, let's hurt them. That always expands. It always expands. That's the nature of fascism. The group, the ingroup gets smaller and the outgroup gets bigger and there's a tipping point when the outgroup is so big they can overthrow the ingroup. That's how every fascist dictatorship has ended except for Rome. When you needed actual workers, have There ever been a and you would've noticed, I don't have there ever been a time in history when fascism has been voted out though, is what the question I'm asking?


Yeah, yeah. Franco was voted out. Okay. Right. He didn't, we didn't have to bomb his country. Right. It you, you can, you can vote these people out again. I'm not sure that we're gonna have a free and fair election anytime soon. That's the, that's the but, but yeah, you can vote these people and, and, and if you, you know, my wife's from Zimbabwe. If you look at the African continent happens all the time. You get like a terrible war lower and they're do terrible things and usually they have to die. But you know, when they die of like natural causes, you have a new election and sometimes you get much better leaders the second time around. I would hope that we're not in a situation where we're in this until this man chokes on a Big Mac. Like I, I I I would hope that we could have be a little bit more proactive than that, but no, I don't.


We are in a fascist period. Whether it lasts two years or five years or 10 years or 25 years is entirely up to us. Mm. Alright, well Ellie Ell his new book. That's right. Bad Law. Ten Popular Laws That Are Ruining America. I learned a lot from you Ellie. I like reading your stuff, man. You are very good at what You do. Thank you so much. I try to make it success. I learned this. I I learned a lot in this interview, so I appreciate you. Thank you. Thank you So much, much writing. All righty ladies and gentlemen, pick up the new book Bad Law. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, all you women soups, fans and folks who just don't know yet that they're women's soups fans. We've got a big week over at Good Game with Sarah Spain as we near the end of one of the most exciting women's college basketball seasons ever. The most parody we've seen in years with games coming down to The Wire and everyone wondering which team will be crowned national champions this weekend in Tampa. Listen to Good Game with Sarah Spain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My husband cheated on me with two women. He wants to stay together because he has cancer. Should I stay? Okay, Sam, that has to be the craziest story in okay Storytime podcast history. Well, John, that's 'cause his dump of week. And this user writes, last week we had an attempted breakin. I asked my husband who was supposed to be at his mom's to come over and change the locks, but his mom told me he wasn't with her. And it took me less than an hour to find the first two women he was cheating on me with. Did she leave them? Well, to find out how this story ends, follow the okay story time podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Imagine you're scrolling through TikTok, you come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. It Was shocking. It was very shocking. Like that could have been my daughter. Like you never know. I'm Jen Swan. I'm the host of a new podcast called My Friend Daisy. It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turned to social media to help track down their friend's. Killer. Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.