
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Key Glock. Ladies and gentlemen. What's Up? Yo. Yo. How you doing my brother? How you feeling? Chilling. I'm chilling. New album, Glockaveli May 2nd. How you feeling first of all? I ain't lie. I'm anxious. Okay, I'm ready just to hear what people say about the music or Nah, just, just overall I'm ready to put it out. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Somebody said that this was one of the most anticipated albums of Spring 2025. I think Pitchfork said that. Pitch Pitch folk.


Okay. Pitch. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. More Devon, I think of the year though. Hmm. Yeah, Like Lac Cavelli. Is it? Is it a playoff of course. Px Machiavelli or Nah? Little bit. Maybe. Maybe. Okay. Yeah. So where the title come from? So What is it then? It it come from Machiavelli for sure, but it is not, I didn't like all the way copy Pac style. You mean the actual Machiavelli, right? You studying that? No, I didn't study. Okay. Pac did like a lot of people don't even know about the Prince Bel, but I knew about it 'cause I knew about Pac. I read about Pac. Yeah. Yeah. You have a personal, personal connection to the Dear Mama song 'cause your mom was in jail and okay, so we hear about that in the, in Glockaveli or no?


Nah, We ain't Hear about that. Okay, so it ain't really Okay. Yeah. Nah, not this song. What can we expect different from this album? It's Ain't gonna lie. It is like, it's more mature. It like, I made more mature music this time on this album than just fun wine music. Yeah. Yeah. So we got some mature features. Nah, I ain't got that though. We ain't got that yet Yet. So what do you mean more mature? What? What are you talking about? You talking about more about your life, more what's going on? Less the Clubs. I'm just, I'm just, it is just like everything is brought to the light more now. It's, everything is bolder. Yeah. You got a crazy couple of years. Are you, are you bleeding that into the music of everything, your feelings and all that that your Fans Yeah, for sure.


On this tape. Yeah, it's gonna be a lot of that. It is gonna be a lot of that. Was it difficult to do because you don't talk that much so you don't really express your feelings? We know, we know your music, we know your cars, we know your jewelry, your sneakers. But we don't know keylock unless he, you know, fills us in. Only reason was, well the only reason why I made songs like this on this tape is because I took a break last year And I was just taking care of everything like far as my personal life and at home and like I couldn't do that by being on the road and in the studio the whole year all the time. So I had to take a pause like on music and get myself together.


So while I was getting myself together, everything was just, just hitting harder. So yeah. So You took, was it because you was a, a new father or because what? Your daughter's what three now, right? Yeah, she three. She just turned three. So you was taking the time to be a father. What you was It was there, it was taking time to be a father man, being a, a great son, you know what I'm saying? A loyal friend. Just, just, just everything. Yeah. I had to just tighten up basically. But you did that break when your record was at its peak, like well let's go Was was really, you kind of took a break 'cause it it, yeah, let's go though. I feel like it was just, it just kept going. It never stopped. You Sitting on some paper too. If you could take a year break bro.


Take a two year break for Sure. That's what's up. I, so you said you this, this is more mature, so obviously you're, you did some, a little bit of deep diving 'cause on the song Grinch, you say I've been running wild since the JIT 14 turned into the Grinch. What happened in your life around 14 that influenced that? I just thought I was grown. I just, that's when I really was like full blown in the streets. Like I thought I was grown already. I was 14 but I thought I was like 24. Yeah. Yeah. I always wanted to ask. Right. And God rest the dead. When you put a bat to do's cars, God bless the dead, God bless the dead. Was that real or was that y'all just doing it 'cause you broke his windows?


I'm like, nah, cousins and no cousins family. No family. You owe me five minutes after It was real. But it is like when we have, when you having fun like with money it is like, and money just a material. Like we don't idolize this shit. We don't too much care for this shit. Like we know how to make it, we know it's gonna come back. So Bro, you took a baseball bat and broke his window. Shit. That ain't, that ain't, there wasn't nothing bro. Trust me, it might look like it was. So I know you got a lot of cars too, but I know how much windshields cars and windows cars. Exactly. You Be looking at every Instagram like I'm gonna get my bat one day and go your Work. Nah, he ain't gave no reason to. Nah. That's the shit y'all just laugh about. Yeah, we really do.


It's a lot of stuff that just go on that don't even be on camera. Like we, it just, it's just total love. Me and all my homeboys. Yeah, we had Ryan gel up here last week, you know, he's the guy that just wrote and produced Sinners movie, Creed, black Panther and, and Both of us out. Like I, for the last at least month I've been on DOL so heavy. I've just been listening to Mad DOL music and he was on the same wave And I was just like, what is going on energetically. Yeah, that just people on Dolph now Bro just had a good spirit bro. And it is like when you got a good spirit like that, no matter where you at, no matter if you hear or or not, here it is like your spirit is going, you gonna live on through, through people.


So that's why I feel like that. Yeah, You feel like people credit Dolph and PRE for what they've done for artists and and definitely for, for the Sound of Memphis doing car shows. With, with with Dolph and, and and the family and PRE you get a different experience 'cause you see the inside workings on how they move and, and how they're So as a unit, do you feel like people don't get to see that as much? It's like they know but it's like they don't see it as much. But I ain't gonna lie the, the way the type of person golf was, he made sure every year like far as Thanksgiving or back to school, if he wasn't doing it, I was doing it.


If I wasn't doing it, another artist was doing it. So it was like, it was all the same thing. Yeah. And I saw you signed with Republic Records, right. Did you, did you think about Dolph when you did that? He was like, okay, what would, what would bro do right now? Like, would he want me to sign the Republic? Would he want me to stay independent? Because I remember you also said you didn't wanna sign until you accomplished a lot independently. Right? Right. So what, what were the things that made you solidify, you know what now's the time to sign the Republic. I ain't gonna lie, don't nobody even know this. I'm, I'm Finn drop a bum on y'all the week, the week or before Doll Pass in Memphis, Him, daddy and a couple of more of our circle just had, you know, just, just regular talk.


Just had a round table talk and shit was so crazy. Do said like, if anything go left, like if anything happened to me, take Glock to, you know what I'm saying? To Republic. To Republic. Not not to to the major. To the major. Yeah because wow, there was always me and him in talks anyway. Like I never wanted to be the biggest independent artist. This this was his thing. Like it was his still, I never wanted to take that away, but we all, we always knew how much money we could make with a major. So this, that's why I really kind of did it.


Oh, so you already, in your mind, you already had this blessing, you already knew what it Was? Yeah, yeah. This, this shit, it was gonna happen anyway. It just wasn't rushed or forced. Like it wasn't even needed now. It was just was okay. I know bro wanted me to do this. Like he didn't, he didn't say it for no reason and it, like, it wasn't no coincidence. He said it like a week before, you know what I'm saying? Wow. Shit like that. And it's still, it's still paper route though. You so it's Like yeah, most def Hell Yeah. So you did, is it a label deal? Paper route? It's, it's a partnership. Partnership For sure. Got you. For sure. Yeah. What does, What does the paper route family like this mean to you? What you just said? Family. Alright. Yeah. It ain't even just a business. It, it is really deeper than rap bro. Yeah. Deeper than rap.


Yeah. I, I think most people don't know even when, when you talk about family, even when you're an extended family, when you, when you out with them, it's like if, if one get into problem, they all get into problem. If one's spending money, they all spending money. If one's eating, they all eating. And that's one thing I don't think people really see that. I got a chance to, to to see. Now with, with this album, Charlemagne was talking about this record and, And I didn't, I didn't hear this record. What is Nigga Balls nigga? I was, I heard Didi on it. That what He said What is who? He said who's on it? How long? Who he say the song called? Man that nigga said Diddy on Nigga Ball. I ain't even hear the Diddy part. I heard it. It says Trackless and he songs that are available no sweat.


The Grinch 3:00 AM the Tokyo And Nigga Balls. And then, and then they said he on Constipated Nigga Ball. There's no song called Nigga Ball song. This nigga his song, he laughing too hard. You set that up. You had some dude set, you set, he ain't got no song on there called Constipating Old Nigga Ball Joe. He laughing too hard. This nigga said idiot. Yo, I don nigga yo, I, I said what the fuck is nigga Ball about? I said this doesn't make sense de you sound yo this.


I said, oh, he taking a different route when he got more mature. That's why I was saying Now y'all all getting off on now. Hello? See Niggas didn't think that So you set this up C You set this up? Yeah You did. You look at his dumb ass I got so for y'all. I Ain't nothing to do with that. Oh my God. I do want to expound on something you said though. Like you said loyalty is an important value for you, right? And you prioritize that over love. Can you explain that? You can, you can't prove love. Like you can tell somebody all day, but you can, you can show your loyalty, you can prove your loyalty.


That real? Yeah. Like with actions. With with actions. Absolutely. Yeah, for sure. By the way you move. Hmm? How old are you? How Old are you? 27. 27. 27? Yeah. Oh damn. You young as hell. Okay. What that mean? You young? I'm 33. Young as hell. Young as hell. Young as hell. You, oh God. What's something that DOL told you that didn't hit at the time, but it makes all the sense in The World now, Man, we can't rush and put this music out. I never understood that shit. Like my first two, three years in the game. He was strategic with his? Yeah, I never understood it at first because I was record so much. I, as soon as I recorded shit, I'm ready to put it out.


But I didn't, I didn't understand the industry at the time like I do now. Yeah. Now they said you got a lot of records with him before he, before he passes. Is there a plan to do a please man? I need some, I need some hands. What's, what's the plan for all that? It's in route. I'm just letting y'all know. It is en route. It is en route. Full Project four album. It's en route. It's en route. How do you know when Really it ain't, it ain't up to me. You, you asked me. I drop a tape every month. That's how music got, that's how much music I got. But you just gotta, you just gotta be strategic with stuff. How, how do you protect, you know, do's legacy in the decisions you make now?


Musically and personally? I ain't gonna lie, we, we think the same way. Like before I even do certain stuff, I, I'll say to myself, I ask myself what would bro do? Or I just go with my gut. 'cause nine times outta 10 it is, it is God letting me know. So I ain't gonna go against it. So I be straight. Yeah, I be straight. Oh, go ahead. The fact that you have a three-year-old daughter, how does that impact the music for you? Because she, I know she talking now, she's starting to talk. Well of course she talking now and you know, you breaking things down. So I know she daddy's girl.


How does that impact your music? I ain't gonna lie, it, it don't affect my music too much because like my, my lifestyle is going to always be my lifestyle And I don't want her to just Know Her daddy is all the way is like Glock basically. Yeah. She, she know I'm an artist or whatever, but she don't, she don't know what I'm rapping about right now. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, it's just, it's just all fun of her. She don't even know I'm a celebrity. She's just, I'm daddy. So. Yeah. When you, when you moving around, do you, you feel, when you see everything that's going on, especially in Memphis and, and anywhere really LA and, and Atlanta, do you feel safe being an artist?


I ain't gonna lie bro. Ain't no ain't nowhere safe. Like you gotta, you gotta be on on point wherever you go. Like even if you in Denver, Colorado, like you can't let your guard down nowhere. Like, you just never know. Even if it's not Memphis, shit just happen nowadays. Like shit world crazy. This shit happen in churches move with there schools, it don't matter. So like, you just, you just gotta be prepared. All I can say. Does Memphis, does Memphis feel like, and like you said, no place is safe or does Memphis feel like home still? Does it feel like a, a safe It it is always home. Okay. It is like, yeah, it is. Yeah. It, it is nothing. I just know when like, for me to go down there, it, it is really no reason.


You know what I'm saying? My fa my family ain't even there no more. Oh you, if I go down there, it is strictly for business to Giving back or big giving back. Yeah. Business. Yeah, for sure. So You got a very, you got everybody up outta there? Yeah, I I've been gone. Yeah. I don't know what people be thinking. Like I, when I graduated, once I got outta high school that next year do ask me to come to Atlanta with him. And that's what I did. So like I, I been outta Memphis. I just, I just don't let everybody in on my business basically. You feel like Memphis is a place where they don't like to see their own? Oh yeah. We, we crabs in the bucket for sure until you get to a certain extent. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, That's interesting you said that.


'cause I always see people give you props for having a great ear for beats that fit into like that Memphis trap sound. Yeah. So how, how do you maintain that being that you're not there no more? It is, it is really in me, bro. I ain't gonna lie. This, this, I got years of, of music in me, like from my grandma uncles. It's just like all type of music, all type of sounds just just stuck with me. That's why I got like a, just a, a good ear for that shit. Yeah. And and when you say you make it more mature music, what does that, what does that look like? What does it sound like? Yeah. Are you, It it is not as, it's not as young No more like it's, it's the things that I'm talking about.


I'm not just talking about materials as much as I like how I did at first, basically. Yeah. All right. So does this sound familiar to you? I got nigga balls. Yeah. I'm still bold running through the town. Look Yo look, I'm not ready playing your face. Yo. Look at this shit. It's all genius. This Is you nigga Balls like as soon nigga on soon as it pop out. Yeah, black and this bitch That's an edit. Oh That's not real. That's the edit. Mm Oh so they ain't even make the Album. That's some shit y'all did That. How the fuck I do this? Hey I Don dunno. I don genius do com is not. I know Nigga. Y'all some genius. He can't even keep his smile in over Here.


His mind Up. Yo, this will take a lot of time for me to do. I ain't do this shit dumb shit. Wait for somebody to ask the question. He's that type to say, I would not play with you like that. This nigga probably did this shit. Damn I did not do this. I swear man be so stupid, nigga. Say what? Let say so nigga Ball That somebody else But you. I like to single the Grinch. Right. Was there a period where you were feeling like that? Like you was feeling like, I guess just bitter and disgruntled and angry And I was an angry kid, bro. I was an angry kid only because like my, my pops wasn't in my life. Like I knew him but he wasn't being a father.


And my mom, she was already incarcerated away from me. So I was raised by my grandma and my great-grand. So it was like only so much they can teach me, you know what I'm saying? So Did do did you ever resent your mom for that? Like get mad at her? Yeah, of course. 'cause I was young, I was like, I was like, I don't, I ain't even, I don't even know what she did at the time thing. I was like nine. I was like, I was like, it's, it's, it is your fault that you not with me. Like I just, I just basically just growing up and maturing. But I was still like historic a kid, you know what I'm saying? So I'm like, I'm having football games, I got shit at school.


I'm seeing niggas, mamas and daddies pulling up, you know what, what I'm saying and supporting like I'm one of the star players and shit. But like my, it is cool how my grandma pulling up, but it's like I wanted that, that feeling of my mother to see the shit like, you know what I'm saying? So Where are y'all relationship today? Best friend, backbone. Oh, see y'all good now? Yep. Good. Yeah, for sure. So you forgive her, you understood? Yeah, of course, of course. I was just, I was just young bro. I didn't, I didn't understand, I didn't understand. How long did that take to, to forgive her to understand when you had your first kid or No, I was like, I was like 13 or 14. Like I didn't know about no state and feds and stuff at that young of that age, bro.


Like, I just knew I had to go visit her every, every week or every other week at this building with Barb Wire everywhere. My grandma taking me and we gotta go through metal detectors and shit. Like I remember the shit like yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. What, what did they tell you? Did they tell you that you was actually visiting her in jail? Did they say something like, oh she's just Away? No, I wast like we're going see your mama. Yeah. And I ain't say nothing about no but you Barb wires And I really didn't really say I Didn't know. I wasn't know. I wasn't stu that shit. So In your mind you like, why you rather be here than with me at home? Yeah, it is like once I got older it start registering. It's like something ain't right. You know what I'm Saying? Yeah. Did she ever have a conversation with you? Like, this is what I did to be taken away from you?


Yeah. How old Were you? 13, 14. Okay. And if you Don't mind, basically when I could start understanding more. Yeah. If you don't mind me asking, what did she get locked up for? You seen set it off? Yes, it was, it was some shit like that. Okay. Or two of her friends and our cousin, they been Getting to the money they been getting, they robbed The money Robbed. They, they, they did some robbing. That's hard. Yeah. You ever thought about you should make a movie about it? I'm just Saying they already did. Not from the Memphis perspective though. Yeah. Yeah. Nah, for real though. Hmm? She writing a book though. She writing a book right now.


Did you ever feel that same type of anger when, when Dolph was tragically taken from us? Man, I'm still mad, but I'm, I'm good though. I ain't gonna lie. I never, I never get older shit. But I'm good. I learn how to accept it though. How does it feel every time it, it pops back up in the news? It feels like it gives you a chance to kind of release A little. I hate, I hate seeing the shit. I just, I just hate seeing it. I ain't gonna lie, I just hate seeing it. Yeah. That's all because it, like, this shit didn't even supposed to happen. That shit get me so, so up like, you know what I'm saying? Gimme dark in a way. But I try my best to just to to stay off of this shit. What do you, what do you mean when you say it wasn't supposed to happen? It wasn't supposed to happen.


It wasn't supposed to happen? Yeah. Have you ever thought about mentoring somebody the way, the way Dolph mentored you? No. Would be possible. I don look at it. I don't look at it like mentoring. I just, I just tell people what's right and it shit is up to them to listen or take heed to it. Like, can't make nobody do nothing already. Shit bro didn't even make me do nothing. He just, he told me a lot of shit, but I only did like most of the shit that I wanted to do. You know what I'm saying? That worked out for me basically. And y'all was actually family though. Y'all was cousins, right? Yeah. Match. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So you, it would be hard for you to even have that kind of relationship with somebody else anyway.


Kinda. Kinda, yeah. Kinda. What Would you do? I'm not, I'm not too, like, I'm not too quick to like recruit or like have a new homeboy or buddy or partner, you know what I'm saying? Because like time just so different now And I don't put shit past nobody. Yeah. Did anybody you truly trust? I just, I not really bro. I ain't gonna lie. I can't even say it 'cause I can't even halfway trust nobody. Like if you halfway trust you really don't trust them. Yeah. So not really. Damn. Damn. So you, Y'all need to be the same way. I told I some damn. Yeah. No, no.


You damn right. I don for nobody but real. Did it bring you any sort of relief to see that, you know, when his killers were sentenced at least little bit? I don't even wanna speak on it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don gonna do. I totally get it. Do you put a lot of that in the music? What? Just the frustration, the anger. Like I probably did on one or two songs, but it was probably like one line. I ain't just go all the way in on it. Yeah. Because this shit like, y'all just don't know this shit. Drive me somewhere else, bro. Yeah. Yeah. Have you, have you tried to grieve properly though?


Have you given yourself a chance to, is that, is that part of the year taken off the year too? I ain't gonna lie. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna grieve for life. Like I didn't accept that. I already know that. But it is not finna like, deteriorate me or make me, you know what I'm saying, do some, do something that I'm gonna regret. Right, right. Basically. Yeah. Are we, should we be expecting any visuals? You know, your visuals go crazy like on a movie tip. Cinematically we going to expect any, actually should we expecting any Visuals thing about dropping one tomorrow? Just wait, I'm just waiting on this, this final to come through. But yeah, I'm planning on dropping one tomorrow. The Grinch? Yeah. Oh, okay. Did you ever think about doing short films, just like movies, anything like that?


Yeah, I, I think I'm gone like have to write my own, do my own shit. 'cause I don ain't even finna wait on nobody come come reach out. Yeah, I Dolph had, he was doing Mo he was about to do a movie and yo this is the craziest thing, going back to what you said about him creating opportunities for people. He had, he had literally hit me up and asked me to be in a movie that he was about to mate. Nah, bro. Fucked with you. Yeah, Man. And I, I really, really would've loved to, to do that. That's something that you, that you really been thinking about doing. Nah, for real. Getting into that. Yeah. So she wants You to continue on that relationship. That's not I'm simple.


PII know how to talk. You Good? Right? I got you. Thank You. I got you. Is there other things that y'all had on y'all, y'all, y'all bucket list that y'all wanted that y'all wanted to check off, that you gotta check off? I need a diamond record. I gotta gimme a diamond record. I got everything else I gotta go Diamond. Yeah, 10 million. Yeah. It's gonna happen. Hell yeah, it gonna, So are, are you making them kind of, are you making those kind of records? Yeah. Okay. Hell yeah. You ain't listening. Yeah, but I'm talking about like, I'm, I guess I'm talking about the, I wanna say pop. Yeah. I don't wanna say nah, I don't gotta go pop my chick. I never go outta my box. Ain't really Nah.


Yeah, yeah. Shit. Rushing it like two times, three times. What? Let's Go do Same. It's like it two times platinum. But this all independent though. That's true too. Oh, that's why you could take a year off. God damn. Yeah, You said Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, but let's, Let's get into a record. I don't even, I don't even know if none of these records are, are really record. So you Say record now, scared, say the rest of these records. What You want on to play the Grinch Play? What you nah don't play. What you going play Song out, out talking with this man and constipated.


Like what? That's what it says on the list. I really do got a song called Constipated though. Okay. Oh, okay. It's not on the tape though, but oh, I got one. This was an archive. This was something that you've been made. Okay. This before the maturity had told y'all. All right, cool. So what He looking up nigga balling. He trying to find that shit on his screaming platform. It's crazy 'cause It's on Genius, which is The wall together. I Get genius. Well you might need to do a song about balling up, do a song about balling and just call it nigga comma balls. See he, it's like Nigga Ball. Give you your ideas, bro. Yeah. Like no yo, Please don't. Y'all got push Charlem in the booth.


What my Where was that? Charlemagne the Guard. Charla's a real song. I got my girl dj, my girl DJ interview. You know what key Glock, ladies And gentlemen, let's get to the Grinch. The album comes out May 2nd clock and Going on tour in May. Yeah, starting May 21st. That's Right. He's hitting Oklahoma City, Houston, Austin, Dallas, Birmingham, Charlotte, Atlanta, Nashville, Baltimore, and New Baltimore. Baltimore. So make sure you pick up the album, pick up tickets and it's The Breakfast Club. It's Kela. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Shara Coke is back. And it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing Massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.