
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ever wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this is Working, can help with that. Here's some advice from Jamie Diamond, the CEO of JP Morgan Chase on standing out from the leadership crowd. Develop your eq. A lot of people have plenty of brains, but EQ is, do you trust me? Do I communicate well? Develop the team, develop the people, and create a system of trust and it works over time. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor in chief, my podcast. This is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camil Ramon At Amli Ortiz And our podcast Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all the arriva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen To Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You got a special guest in the building? Dto dto. What's up brother? What's, what's up man? How you Doing? I'm good. Good morning. I'm doing good. Good morning. How you feeling man? Feeling good man. Just little bit tired. Been all over the place, you know what I'm saying? Promoting this album. It comes out soon. So just been crazy. Got the new album dropping April 18th. It's called Five. Yes, five. My fifth album. Yeah, fifth album. Yo, you. You the one yo. It's a lot of hype surrounding you yo. Like seriously, you one of the most followed African artists on IG and Twitter. Yeah, YouTube. Anything you drop, go crazy.


Do crazy numbers. All your collabs, everything. How's all that success impact Man, it feels good man. You know, just, just, you know, you know I stayed here a little time of my life. So just to see everything come around full circle for the culture, you know what I'm saying? Even since when I was in school I was always, always like pushing the African narrative and for it to just naturally pop off. That's crazy. Do you feel like one of the the godfathers of of Afrobeats and Afrobeats music, 'cause you were one of the first to Yeah. To really pop and, and definitely commercialization Pop. Yeah, definitely. You know what I'm saying? Especially in the new age of the com commercialization of the genre. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But we have a lot of godfathers though that came before me.


You know what I'm saying? But we com commercialized it, you know what I'm saying? Made it cool, made it popular. So yeah, I take that. Did it Hurt or help? 'cause it was, it's, it almost felt like it was commercialized so fast. Yeah. And everybody jumped on it so fast and then it slowed down so much. Yes. Yes. You felt like it hurt or help with explosion Emini Here. First of all, The Explosion. That's why you always have to have your backing, which is home. You know what I'm saying? That's why like you, you notice that we always go home any chance we get just to be around. Yeah. And there's so much going on in Africa that we was okay for a long time, you know, till it popped off here. Then we come out here for tours. So I feel like we always have the backbone to be able to, you know, kind of always be able to be able to go home.


You know what I'm saying? If anything, like if stuff is slow a little bit, always go home. But something I found so interesting about you was you, you didn't even grow up listening to Afrobeats. You grew up. No, I grew up listening to rap. Like yeah, 50 cent. You always say fifth. Fifth Is what I like when I met him the first time. 'cause we were talking, 'cause you know we do the talk, we do the stadium together in London. So I'm telling, I'm looking. He's just like, what? I'm like guy, you don't understand. I do like, I had the sneakers, I had the video game Video games you used, used to wear the Tank game. I had the sneakers. Did you wear the tank time? Tank time with the nipples on the Side. The big White video. Okay. Anything I had like, I was crazy about like G unit, like all of them. And just to be able to, you know, go on tour with him, it's like wow.


You know? What did your, what did your family think about you being so influenced by somebody from America? Like That Emini here? They always knew I liked rap, you know what I'm saying? Like, and you have to feel like my parents, you know, did a little bit out here too. So they understand like American culture as well, you know what I'm saying? So you ever look at these rappers and be like, these poor ass niggas? Dang That means yes. Once a while. Emini here. They know. They know what's going on, man. Yeah. Oh. But it's all good. Like it's just a different time. Like, I remember like coming out here and like after I went back home coming out here in 2015, you know, trying to work with people, you know, finesse get this, I, you know, I had this song with Meek Mill at the time And I knew what I had to do to get Tam Meek Mill like Mm.


You know what I'm saying? And it's so much easier now where like my dms is like, they Understand It now. Yeah. Let's work. You know what I'm saying? I'm trying to come to Nigeria, you know, and I'm like, yo, come let's, you know what I'm saying? Come experience it. I love it when they come. I'd rather meet them there. Like, I'd rather you come and, because you Can show 'em my Culture most times when they come and then they see how it is and it's like, wow. Like why Jamati was just there. 'cause he's on my album. We shot the video, he's on a single as well. And he asked me a question, he was like, why do you, why do you leave? Like, your life is so dope here. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like he's never, he told me he's that he's never seen this kind of stardom before. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Like how everybody love you. Like he's never seen it. Like why do you come to America?


You know what I'm saying? So Why? Well that that's what, what's the answer to That? Oh, Emini here, I'm American. You know what I'm saying? So it's different for me, but apart from that, like there's so much going on outside the diaspora with the culture and everything. You know what I'm saying? At the time, it's slowing down now a little bit. You know what I'm saying? But Do they get mad at you when you say that in Nigeria? When you say you an American? No. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like they know. It's like, it's, it's, it's from my like naturalization. Like they know I still rap, you know, Africa rep Nigeria, I'm always home every chance I get. Yeah. So you were born in Atlanta? I was born in Atlanta. And then you raised in And I went back home with my parents.


But we used to come every summer, you know what I'm saying? Every summer we had a house in Atlanta. So every summer, and mind you, my siblings didn't live in Nigeria, they stayed in London and America. So I was, I was the last child of five kids. So I was the only one at home with my parents. 'cause they wanted at least one kid with them. Yeah. You know, so I didn't leave. Like I, I come every summer, but I didn't come and stay until I was like 14, 15. So You saw the best of both worlds. So you had the trenches 'cause what part of Atlanta? No, I was in, I was in Sandy Spring. Oh, so you were, okay. So, but my cousins used to stay in Gwinnett on the north side. So I'd go there, go there, chill, smoke, you know what I'm saying? I can't do that at home. But that's when I really experienced real Atlanta culture.


You know what I'm saying? You know, start tapping in with the Jordans. You know what I'm saying? At first it was just sandals. You was just What you mean? My mom, Listen, my mom was one of the first probably person in The World to get, there's this particular Chanel bag at this time. This bag, this bag was like 20 some thousand at that time. I'm talking about eighties. She was the fist, like my mom was stylish. Like if you walk in this building, you smelling the perfume like the door. You know what I'm saying? So like, we've always, they've always been fly. 'cause like I said, they, they understood American culture a little bit as well. Got you. I was wondering, I can't keep up with how much Afrobeat has evolved though.


'cause you have the, I I'm a piano now. Yeah. It's like, What's the difference between, You see like, afrobeats is not like how it's not a sound. It's not how, it's not a sound a type of music. Actually. It's, it's kind of like, it's the genre that we, we called, 'cause in in the UK there was this song that blew up from the band. The band is like, he's our like, that's our like Jay type stuff. Like he broke all the barriers. So at the time in the uk, they didn't want to call it African music. Mm. Because you know how it's over there. Yeah. So they called it Afrobeats. But Afrobeats was actually a genre that Fella was doing that's Fell's own genre, which has a distinctive sound. It sounds a kind of way, you know what I'm saying? So when they were describing the music for the Afrobeats, its called it Afrobeats as a whole, which describes, so if you're an African artist and you sing r and b, like we have people back home that don't even, like, they sound like r and b type, usher type singer.


And the dudes like Du Modu who's really trapped, sounds like he from Bronx, you know what I'm saying? Like type B type type of vibe. But they still call them Afrobeat artists. So it's like, it's, it's an umbrella that has been used and it's kind of too late now to be like, oh no, it's not Afrobeat and explaining it and all that. So it's just like, we just ran with it. Like, you know what I'm saying? So, So what are you currently doing? Like when you look at your new album? Five. Yeah. What is that on there? Emini here It's, it's, it is, it's African music. Okay. It's ACA music. But obviously if you go on the A genre, they'll say it's Afrobeats. You know what I'm saying? But it's African music. Like the song of Victoria Monet. It is not Afrobeats to me. It's like Afro r and b song of Becky G is like, kind of like Latin.


But we, our music sounds alike anyway. You know what I'm saying? But definitely like you have original Afrobeat David o songs on there. But what I'm saying is that that's just the umbrella used. You know what I'm saying? So Ama piano is from South Africa and that I know. So South Africans, since time always had great dope music. And funny enough, since early in my career, I've been collaborating in South Africans like very early in my career. Soma piano came in like, I'd say like five years. Like to my knowledge, it's been going on there like since time. But like, it became like everywhere in Africa five years ago. And then definitely, you know how Nigerian we tapped in with the sound too as well. You know, I'm working with they producers and one thing that about Nigerian producers, they can adapt, they can make, they can remake anything and make it sound like, you know what I'm saying?


Sick. So, so Does Nigeria have a sound? Because I, I was listening to some of the records off five Nigeria Has a sound, but like South Africa and my piano is actually their sound. Their sound. Okay. And That's Theirs. That's really like, I don't wanna say don't gatekeeper too, like, but that's really, they sound, I, every time I do a song that's like Amma piano ish, it's either I involve one of their producers or I involve one of their artists. Mm. One of my biggest records, the unavailable record is featuring Mua Mu. Yeah. Which is, he's South African on the album two, he produced like two records, which he produced and they actually had my PR on the record. So I feel like because every, everybody has that, you know, image of Nigeria being the giant of Africa.


And also not like carrying other countries along musically. Because if you look at all the stars, if you look at the numbers, yeah. The top, I'd say the top five to 10 artists that are globally, you know, known as Afrobeat artists are 80% Nigerian. You know what I'm saying? So I do my best, you know, carry them along. But now like they killing it with their parties. And they have amazing DJs too. And they parties. You should, you should really visible. Yeah. Why do you think that is though? Why do you think like Ghana hasn't gotten any Emini here? They got artists, but it's not like Nigeria, South Africa got artists, but it's not like Nigeria. Why do you think Nigeria? I think first of all, the kind of people we are as well, we're very like in your face. Like, you know what I'm saying?


Like if you go to any who, even in New York, like you see Nigerians everywhere. Like, so that's just how it is. The kind of people we are, we're very, I don't wanna say like the, I don't wanna use the word bully, but we're like, gimme Your credit card. Hey yo, Jesus. Not the credit card Man. Yo, you school man credit card. Nah, they just asked for the numbers now. Not the call, not the numbers. Oh, how y'all doing it now? D I don Dunno man. I know, I know. I don, I know that shit. Digital man. That shit digital now, man. I wanted to ask, You know, since you was such a fan of 50, you never tried to sign a 50. When, when you first started, was That of an option? I didn't even know. I didn't meet him the first time I ever saw 50. I was a kid in Vegas. I was like, can I have a picture?


He was like, no. He said no, for real. No. Looked at me and said no. Like, looked at me. I was a kid. 'cause my, my, my brother was turning 21. So my dad took everybody to Vegas, but I'm like 14, I can't do nothing. So they doing their own thing. So I just seen him in the lobby And I, I actually used to love Lloyd Banks. That was actually my favorite. And so I saw him And I went to him. I'm like, ah, Lloyd Banks. Ah. And I took a picture of him. Then I saw 50 And I went to him. I'm like, ah, with my accent. Then like Nigeria said, wow, 50 said I love him. Can I have a picture? No. And I just walked off. Did you tell him about that when you met him that later on? Yeah. I told him, what'd he say, You here now? Right. And then I met him, like I seen him in New York and they brought me out.


I, yes. And then, yeah, we doing London together with Major j Blige and the stadium. Amazing. And then, yeah, and then like, they saw like the, they saw the reaction of putting me on the tour. He like, yo, I want you to come on more days. This little boy lit. So it's a good feeling, man. That's what's up. Another person that you collaborate with that I, I love each and every song. Chris Brown. I always see when you talk about it, she love Chris. You know it. But you know, one song that I love that I felt like completely went under the radar because it was so both of y'all was doing so much stuff at one time was blowing my mind. That was y'all first, that was y'all first single together, right? That Was, that was testing, testing, Testing. A song like that You tested Testing. Testing. Yeah, like crazy. When we did Blow My Mind, I had met Chris 'cause he was already doing like African stuff, kind of other artists.


But I had never personally met him. But he had a, he has a Nigerian best friend, big dude that's always with him. Hoodie. He's full like he's Nigerian. So Hoodie hits me up like, yo, because I had dropped a song that I did for my wife at the time. It was called Assurance Huge. You was like huge in the Caribbean. And Chris liked that song. So from there we linked up and then I came to America, came to la I remember the first time linking up with him. Like, he was just so cool. We haven't, I hadn't even done the record. And then we did the record. Then he's like, we was, then he came to Atlanta And I linked up. He was like, yo, let's shoot the video. And this is all happening in like a week. Mm. So I'm like, ah, is this real? Like, yeah. I'm like, okay, let's shoot the video. So I, I organize, 'cause I've, I I've been in situations like, you know how you do like work with American artists?


Like when I first came, I didn't even know like, oh, you got to get songs cleared, all that. You know what I'm saying? I'm heading over a brand. Like, hey, lemme get that verse. They calling me too. Hey yo, I want some more money. I'm like, what? This is like way before I met Chris, you know what I'm saying? That's a whole nother situation. And then I met Chris and how everything just went. Yeah, the video was everything free, the clothes, everything free. Crazy. And then at that time, that's when like, I think Beyonce had the gift album. It's a lot of things were happening for the culture. And then me and CV dropped, you know, blow my mind. Blow my mind as well. And then from there we just became really good friends and just kept on doing music, music, music. And he's been on like all my albums since then.


You know what I'm saying? I co-wrote the Under the Influence with him, with my producer. That ended up becoming huge, amazing. And then from there we just locked in and then we just did the sensational. And then Is he, is he on five? Yes, he's there. He is on five. He's all my albums. I know that she's, now I know that he was on my albums. He is all my, but he just, you know, we was in South Africa together. I was gonna ask you, Did you go to his show? Yeah, I came. Oh my God. It was crazy. Like that experience alone. And it was just a full circle moment for everybody. Like, for me, for him. Everybody was just so happy for cb. Like finally everybody gets it, you know what I'm saying? Because I've always been there. Like I, I like, I be talking to him the next five minutes, nigga 10 back flips on stage.


I'm telling you, I'm like, how? You know what I'm talking about? Like, he's not human. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's like seeing him, taking him to Africa. And I'm so happy that I told him, I was like, look America now, America now woke up and you had to just show them like you had to come to Africa. And they saw it and they're like, yo, I was like 80,000, right? 80,000, 94 nights. Nights and nights. 11. Crazy. So I told 'em, I was like, see now you're doing the stadium tour. Sometimes you have to go outside and let people see from far like, yo other people are appreciating what we have. You guys have Chris Brown. That's a, that's a gift that was given from God. Yeah. To music in America. You know what I'm saying? Just the same way.


So when he came out there, I feel like he saw that full circle moment and it was just, I was just happy to just be involved in that. You know what I'm saying? And then he got the Grammys after like how many years? That's right. You know what I'm saying? Amazing. Off, off of music that I worked on is just, is the best. So you got a Grammy two then? Nah, nah, Nah. Emini here. I don't get a plaque, but yeah, yeah, yeah. I worked on it. I worked two songs on the album. Yeah. What's the meaning of a Woo? A Ake A Wu a am I pronouncing it it right? Ake a, he's telling you a ake, you don't gotta Spell it for you. Telling you it's like a chance. Ake a just like, it's just like a chant. Like togetherness, happiness, you know, all good things. You know what our music entails? Like we don't really be singing about deep stuff like that.


But we do have deep songs. But I'm saying with this particular record, that's what he means. Do You chase the US charts still or no? You Emini here if it, everybody chases something. You know what I'm saying? But you being So big overseas, being Big everywhere. So like when it happened, I remember when Sensational got into Hot 100, I got a call. I was trying to understand. Oh like, oh okay, yeah we, so we in the hot hundred. I was like, oh. But then the records are already performing everywhere, certain out arenas. So you know what I'm saying? So it's like, it's give and take. But like, you know, we have our own Billboard Afrobeat charts, so we follow that as well.


We have a UK chart. But it's always amazing to see an Afrobeat song scale into the, in the upper echelon of charts. Know What I'm saying? Every time I wonder if the labels get it though, in the radio stations 'cause the song like unavailable. That should have been number one to me in America. Crazy. Crazy. I know it was number one in the UK, wasn't It? Yes, yes, yes, yes. UK Yes. Like Emini here. It just depends. I feel like maybe if I had gotten like a Latin remix or something, maybe that would've gone crazier and stuff like that. But also like, it's just, to me it's just, it's now the game is different. Somebody could just, a random pitch could just do your TikTok and Blow. Look at Young LA from song, a song from That's right.


20 years ago. That's right. He's doing shows everywhere. Everywhere. At night, at time it was like, you know what I'm saying? So the internet I feel like unavailable and because I was just coming back from what I just went through, I was mourning for damn a year. You know what I'm saying? So me dropping that album, like even we didn't believe it was gonna be that big. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So by the time we dropped it, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, damn, I, I gotta get ready. I gotta get ready for tour. I gotta, you know what I'm saying? So by the time all that was happening, you know what I'm saying? And then we, we had go on tour and they was just crazy. And we just, we just like, you know what? I think we just, we missed that opportunity for unavailable in the States. Mm. Classic record though.


ChartWise Emini here we went gold. I got a gold plaque. Yeah. On the way to platinum. So it's like still made bread, you know what I'm saying? But yeah, You know, you, you, you have been through a lot personally, especially with Lost. What kept you grounded through through that? My family man. My family. Because you know, I'm, my family's very big, right. And what I noticed was that, you know what I'm saying, you know, you grew up in a family since you were a kid. Like I've always been the youngest around. That's little David. That's little David. And then I blew up obviously. And then I know how many times like I'd like, I'd be so busy like out of it. And then like even go to a point where like I'd be like, my siblings were getting upset like, yo de we still your family, like, you know what I'm saying?


Call, talk to your nephews, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. And then when my world went dark, like they was the only ones there. Like wow. You know what I'm saying? Every day. Obviously my wife and her, her family were there, but the only thing that got us, and we both strong, like me and my wife are strong. Mm. But apart from that, the people are around us that were there at the time. You know what I'm saying? Really did a great job. And I only give kudos to my father, you know, like my dad really stepped in. Like, he put everything on pause, like the business, everything on pause, just to make sure that, you know what I'm saying, we were okay. You know what I'm saying? Everyth, we got twins now. So it's like, that's a blessing little boy and a girl. And the boy looks exactly like my son that passed like scary. Exactly. Can act the same, the same everything he used to do.


Like he does. So like me and me and my wife, he be like, yeah, he came back type stuff. Wow. Yeah. When you, when you, I know you're a spiritual person too, so it's like your faith and your family. Is that what carries you or do you ever just sit with the pain sometimes, like, just Emini here? It depends what like faith, when people's faith are stronger. Like me, I believe in God fully. Absolutely. Like my dad, we grew up seven day Adventists, like Saturday going to church, Saturday doing the Sabbath, six o'clock, no tv. Yeah, no earrings. That's how I grew up, like with my father. Then my other siblings, they go to like Methodist church, normal Catholic stuff and like that. But with my faith, stuff like that, if you don't have faith after that, I don't know what it's, what faith is, you know what I'm saying?


But with me, like I'm a Christian, you know what I'm saying? But I don't really have like a certain, certain church or a certain pastor like, you know, talk to anybody. And, and when you, when you talk about how, how you had to go on the road when unavailable started popping, do you ever feel like fame and celebrity get in the way of like really healing? Definitely, definitely. Like I, I, I could see sometimes like I was like kind of, I would say healing too fast, but like I'm on the road. Like you have say like my wife at home chilling. Like she comes one or two shows, you know what I'm saying? Go back. But see me, I'm on the road, my adrenaline is pumping. I'm seeing in a week I'm seeing a million dollars. Like I'm seeing all the crowd be in the car, they chasing us.


So it's like you're smiling, but it's like you need to kind of slow down. You know what I'm saying? So, you know what I'm saying? That's why things like me getting married, you know what I'm saying? Like, okay, look, you need to, this is how, this is how we got lit last time. And you know what I'm saying, for forgot to our family, so, you know what I'm saying, slow down a bit. You know what I'm saying? I told my boys like, look, I need go take your home real quick. You know what I'm saying? So gotta move my wife to Atlanta with everybody. The kids got a crib, you know what I'm saying? So I just be home. This is be prior to doing five, you know what I'm saying? After the tour was done, you know what I'm saying? We got married, her mom flew her mom to America to be with her, with the kids and everything.


So like, I just be chilling like at the crib and it's like, I'm like, yo, this is not bad. Like Sometimes s right? It Was so, it was so crazy that after I now sat for so long, like I was having anxiety tr like my boys like, let's go out. I'm like, we'll go out. Envy. I'm telling, we go out, go back home, we'll go out with lit the bottles. I'm like, you sleep. So the other day we went to, we had to went to Trinidad for the carnival. I performed me and my shout dropped the record. So I performed. So I'm, me and my boys talking in the room. Like I said, I don't enter the room. I said, what are you guys talking about? He said, man, boss, we're not having any phone.


You've changed man. Where are the girls? I said, where are the girls? Then when I get in trouble, everybody run away in TV to face the internet and all that. Like, nah, like boy and me, women have dealt with me in my career. So it's like, boy, like I'm good on that bro. Like, trust me, like I've seen, I've been at the highest of the highest, the most, the best time is when there's no problem at home. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I don't care how much you make, I don't care how much is in your account. I've had, I've made it all. When that, that sleep, I wake up that your heart is not beating. Check your phone like, It's called peace, peace of mind, man.


I having no anxiety. There's Nothing like that. I went to my, my, my friend in high school recently, so he just got married. So he calls me And I, I'm back in Nigeria, I'm like at home. So he calls me, he's like, ah, David, you know, I just got married, come and come and visit my wife, you know, like me. And we just got this new nice, it's nothing big, something nice, something small mothers thing. His wife is kids. So I'm like, yeah, I pull up, I'm like, yeah, but I got too many people with me now, so let me come like later in the night when everybody kind of like gone to bed. And then I drove to my guy's house, it's low key. Me and my security drove blah blah. And I just sat in his living room. His wife brought food for me. Me and him were talking. I was just looking at him like this. I was just looking at his life.


I said, God, I said, God, I know I'm happy you did all this for me, but boy, I'll switch this. I'll switching this. My friend right now, he was telling me, Hey God, your life is the best. I said, bro, my life is the best. But bro, you don't know what you have. Like I just, the way you and your wife are even played, you guys are not even, there's nobody knows you. You and your wife can go out. Nobody knows you. Do you understand? Like when my, my situation is way different, right? So it's like, it's give and take. But you know, sometimes it's a dream that I wanted and what if it never happened too? Yeah. So it's like, I'll just be thinking about that. So, so Now, so I'm gonna come at to you like, like a real I know African like real American nigga. So de you done cheating like it's done. Like you I know once while I don tell, I said I don't want No, no, no, No, no, no.


I said


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the old new to reimagine kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Imagine you're scrolling through TikTok, you come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. And I was like, what? Like it was him. I was like, oh my God. It was shocking. It was very shocking. I'm Jen Swan, I'm a journalist in Los Angeles and I've spent the past few years investigating the story behind the viral posts and the extraordinary events that followed. I started investing my time to get her justice. They put out something on social media. So I get called in the middle of the night all the time. It's like, how do you think you're gonna get away with something like this? Like you killed somebody. It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turned to social media to help track down their friend's. Killer. This is their story. This is my friend Daisy. Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app, A Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories from the frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some interesting folks across a wide range of industries. Hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of health Beauty to rang Amin. The way I approach risk is constantly try things and actually make it okay to fail. I'm sitting down with legendary singer, singer-songwriter, and philanthropist jewel. I wanted a way to do something that I loved for the rest of my life. We're also hearing how leaders brought their businesses out of unprecedented times. Like Stefan Sel, CEO of Moderna. He becomes a human decision to decide to throw by the window your business strategy and to do what you think is the right thing for The World. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark the magic. Listen to math and magic stories from the frontiers of marketing on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcast.


I am Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true crime stories ever told. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains or often somewhere in between. Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm okay. I'm on my env swag right now, man. But Can add, you can add all my to the roster if you want to. If I want to. I don't. Yeah, because you from Tola. I have four baby. I have four kids. I have five kids. Yeah. And four women with four women. Okay. You know what I'm saying? So you ready? You know, so you done. That's it. I wanna go home. I'm sweating already. I'm sweating for you. In certain reasons. In Nigeria you can have more than one wife. Yes. No, it's not certain reasons. It's like if you, if you, you want To Yeah, people, If you want, you just do It don't have to be a religion. It don't have to be anything like you. Okay. Now, for example, the, the eastern part of Nigeria, which is like the evils and stuff, like I've seen a lot of situations, especially like the Nija delta parts of Nigeria.


I've seen a lot of situations where it's like multiple wives. Like my uncle that's the governor, he got two wis. You know what I'm saying? I, I know that uncle that his, all his wis live with him. Like they be playing with each other like in the, but he's Christian. Oh Wow. You know what I'm saying? So how much money you got though? He's very rich. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? But Emini here that, that don't mean nothing. You know what I'm shit, shit Over here dude. But is there still wahala on all the money? There's still wahala. Do you saying I rather go and live with how my other guy is living. You know what I'm saying? Maybe because I've ex, maybe I've had bad experiences, you know what I'm saying? Sometimes the experience is the best teacher. You feel me? I'm saying it's just never not worth it because when it happens, I know how many times when we was in having the, on the yachts in Miami having the best time.


And then when it happens, what you gonna be saying? Damn, I shouldn't have gone. Yeah. I should've stayed In my and the worst. But We not talking about that though. We talking about having not game. No, not cheating. If you're able to have another wife under the laws of Nigeria. Yeah. Would I? Yeah. No, No, not now. I don't believe you. He said I'm Africans only telling the truth when they say no. No, no, no. Gotta be more than one though. You said one long though. You didn't say man. Sweating man. I thought it too, man. Like I, I blew up my first song blew up when I was 17. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Yeah, I'm with you have one woman that's the most beautiful thing in The World. A beautiful family. Nothing better than that.


Get that man a paper towel. Listen, I wasn't expecting you, I was expecting you to come in here a little chubby though. 'cause I know your wife is a chef too. I was Say she got her own thing going. So she that And I actually gained, I just got back on the road. So like, the thing about me when I'm active, I lose weight quick, but I gain weight quick too. So it's like when I'm home and the kitchen's right in front of her boy, she cooks everything. Like I Was gonna ask, being on the road, do you have any anxiety? 'cause you're leaving your family again and leaving your kids Any anxiety like Yeah, When I was, yeah. Leaving this time and like, you know what I'm saying, just natural, you know, family stuff. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm like, babe, I'm on the road, I'm on the road. But it's like still have to handle stuff back at home as well. Yeah.


And just balancing. Its, you know, it's, it's, it's crazy but I feel like you can't balance it. I'm not the first person to be married and be a superstar with Yeah. Nothing happened. You know what I'm saying? Emini here, things happen. But you know what I'm saying? I've seen people way more success than me. Way more success than me handle it. So who Am I? I bet you since you've been married and you know, really devoted to your wife being faithful, I bet you've seen your life just go up, up, up, up, up. I'm telling you like everything. Like I'm, every time. No, my wife has always had this thing over me since we were young. Every time I fight her, something bad happens. Something bad happens to my, my business just, Oh damn. I saw.


So if I fight as she say, you're fighting me, Abby, don't worry, Shabi, your album is coming. You want to fight me? No, I'm telling you. 'cause it's like she has that grace, you know what I'm saying? Like, like everything, you know, my kids, my, you know, she don't have all my kids, but you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like my kids love her. You know what I'm saying? Especially my daughter love her. So I'm just happy to see like, growth. You know, there was a time that there was a time I was scared to even bring my other kids around her. You know what I'm saying? So the girl just made me understand like, you know, I didn't even have to tell my daughter like, oh this is your, she kind of just like, It just happened. She just got it, you know? Know what I saying? And the next thing, we was in Bahamas and my wife braiding her hair.


I'm looking in the girl house. I'm looking in the like Yes. How long you and y'all been together for a while, right? Like Eight years? Yeah, like before we got married we was together like 11 years. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. School, you know, men in school, girlfriend. And then we got married. We were meant to get married. That's the best man. Oh, y'all were Young. Like we was young when you married. Yeah. Every time she was like, I was, well I was 18. Yeah. She was 17 in school and then we just finished school together. Oh Yeah. That's Emini here. If YI was been since, since school. Yeah. 16, 15, 26 Year. And then another thing, what I, what I, because I'm not married yet, but I do understand, like no, I'm engaged. I Saw her, I saw her every Yes. Knew my new ring.


Thank you. Thank you so much. Wasn't yet, no, I don't know yet. Okay. It the, it is the, the schedules whatever. But I do understand when you get married young, it's certain things that you do have to live out. Because it was a lot of infidelity in my parents' marriage. But they got married right outta high school. So you're not able to live that bachelor life. You're not able to be, you know, had that whole phase as a woman. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's certain things that you just don't get to experience and then you grow up with the person. And some things, sometimes some, some things do happen or whatever. You just push past it. So You know, the, the culture that really, apart from like, like we have our own African culture back home. But like it is, when I actually went to school in America, that was like almost, they don't play with relations in America.


Back home. Boyfriend, girlfriend is like, like we, yeah, but you know what I'm saying? But you, it is, when I go to America, I was like, boy, they don't like, people lose endorsements over cheating on your wife, you know, as a back home. You know what I'm saying? 'cause of the culture, it's like, yeah, it's different. You know what I'm saying? Like, you, you, okay, for example, this is just an example, you know what I'm saying? It might not happen in, in a lot, a lot of households. And it, it goes for also the groom and it goes for also the, the wife. So lemme give an example of like for a guy, for example, now a lot of husbands in some families, like a lot of them, they grew up with their mom.


Their mom is everything. You know those kind of husbands that they can't live there. Even if they get married, their mom must be in the house. Yep. Controlling this. Yeah. Doing that. Anything the, anything the husband does, right or wrong, she's supporting the husband. That is mentality in Nigeria. Now, same thing for women too. Do you understand the, the parents who always support their daughter, no matter right or wrong. Where in like in America it's like me and you getting married, you your parents ba your brother bar. This is, this is between me and you. You know what I'm saying? So like in Nigeria, you never really leave that. The names family. Have you seen a Nigerian wedding? You It is, it is not about the grooming bride, it's about the families, family, you know what I'm saying?


Coming together and doing that. So I'm doing my white wedding in Miami in August. I thought you the wedding Traditional. Oh, they said that was like a national holiday in Nigeria. What? Crazy Man. Girls Crying like, oh my god, he's off the market. Can't Type of Joe. It was, that was like, yo, that was really a holiday, bro. That's What's up. The whole world stands still. You know why too? Because me and my wife's relationship was kind of in the public eye, especially after I did that one song. So a lot of things that happened apart from even us losing our child, but like I done messed up a lot of time. Yeah. On some other stuff. You know what I'm saying? So I feel like that full circle woman, everybody was like, man, finally he, you know, our son finally got his things together and really gave this girl watch.


'cause she's like, she's the best you can my wife. We can never see her go to any interview. You know what I'm saying? Sit Oh my husband do this. Or take a phone or go live. Or the normal things that, you know what I'm saying? Like, And I appreciated her for that. 'cause she could, you know what I'm saying? I, if I sit, I'll sit here and lie to you And I say, oh well perfect. Nobody's perfect. Nobody. We all go through things, but you know what I'm saying? She's just that one man that How, how old the relationship with the big three, you know, yourself, Burna and and Wizkid kid. What's the relationship like that Emini Here? We don't have, we don't have personal, I don't have a personal relationship with them. I did, you know, at some point in time. But I feel like the culture is just so big. You know what I'm saying? And the conversation is bigger than the big three right now. And that's the honest truth.


You know what I'm saying? There's real, but there's Ira star, you know what I'm saying? There are so many artists for us to just really make this thing about, you know, us. I feel like right now we all three of us understand is bigger than us and you know, whatever it, it takes for the culture to grow whichever way. You know what I'm saying? That is true. But a lot of times, and you know this from living in Atlanta, what it takes for a culture to grow is unity and group operation. Yeah. You know what Emini here, it takes, it takes all three of y'all maybe coming together, doing records together. Like especially now. Yeah. Emini here. It's not impossible. It's just sometimes just, I feel like people around us, you know what I'm saying, wouldn't want that to happen. You know what I'm saying? So why not eventually like, huh?


You said wouldn't want it to happen. Yeah. A Lot of people, people like Emini here, some people make money up. Just not us. Not just not just being cool I guess. You know what I'm saying? But like with me, you know what I'm saying? There's been situations where we've all, you know what I'm saying? Like all been cool, you know? So over the years, so much success. So much people in between, You feel like the fans pitch out against each other. Of course. Like, it'd be annoying. You know what I'm saying? Like, even the other day, so I just did yesterday, two days ago. So Victorian ji's asking me like, yo, what are these people, what are these people saying? So I'm looking here like, yeah, don't read. So anybody you see. So I'm telling her like, so anybody you see with this emoji, okay, so they going say something.


So just don't ignore the other side. So just Nick, don't call me about this before. Like, like, yo, why they, what, what's going on? Yeah. So, you know what I'm saying? Like, it, it is cool 'cause it happens in America too. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It happens in America too. I see it everywhere. You know what I'm saying? So it is just, I think about it, the fans also, it's, it's also a thing for them. They wake up like, who are we doing today? How we, what's the agenda against David? They make money off it. You know what I'm saying? I've had, I've seen somebody that has been used to abuse me on online for a long time. You said used To abuse me. Abuse Me, like talk, you know, talk down on me. And I was like, you know, a lot of people do this.


People don't have faces, you know. But this, luckily for me, I saw this guy. Mm. You see him in public? Yes. Mm. But he didn't know that I knew that that is him. 'cause he had no, he didn't have a face. Mm. But this guy, he asked me, stop me so much thought I paid one of the fan. I said, come I'll give you 5,000. Tell me where this guy is. I everyone's doing it to, I don't have a conversation with him. Yeah. And we did have a conversation And I just realized that you're a Sucker. It is not, He doesn't even have nothing against me. It's just what is working for him. It's the economy. Especially now. Elon Don made them make money. Yeah. What if I tell you the crazy things they've been, I can't even show my wife. 'cause I know that my wife would just break down. I'm like, I'm like, yo bugging crazy.


And then we get the guy and he's like, how I don't need to, David will please forgive me. I don't need to feed my family. He was African? Yes. Oh wow. You know, it's crazy. I, I told Charlamagne And I told Justice the other day, the sites reward people for doing this. So the worst they talk about you, the more followers they get, the more likes they get and they get paid for it. So they going to keep doing it and keep going on and on and, and, and it's, it's Fucked up. But it's crazy. Like even the new artist, like I have a label. You know what I'm saying? So I have artists that are under me too. And I just, sometimes I just see them. I'm like, what you doing? I just seen 'em on their phone. I said, stop reading. This comment will finish you. Stop me If if I, I think in the history of Nigerian music, I think I've been the most bashed, disrespected artist for my, for for what I've done.


Why though? Because of your upbringing. Because of, It's part of that. But let, lemme tell you ni, that's just how it is. Anybody that's tight. I think 'cause of me and me, I got ot. There's something we call OTs orientation. You know what I'm saying? My mom, my mom met my dad Rich, but my mom was from the hood, like from the hood. Oh okay. You know what I'm saying? So she gave me and my sisters that I still have that orientation. That is why when I was going to school, I went to the most expensive high in Nigeria at the time. But after school, I'd go to the hood to be with my cousins and them. That's how I even got to music. Knew how taught myself how to record. So that ot, I feel like that just OT is what has helped me kind of find a middle ground.


'cause they're like, damn, these guys pops a bill in there. But he out here, he crying with us. He's more humble than the people that are from the hood with us. He can sit, I can sit with them, we can sit down, we can talk, we can go out, we can eat. Everybody in my house eats the same food. My wife doesn't play that. My driver, my cook, my electrician, anything. Everybody, we eat the same food. 'cause that's how I was brought up. So I think that too has helped me in the industry. But my initial entrance into the game, they was not having it. Boy. They like, they don't, Nigeria doesn't work that way. Your son of a successful person, you gonna get it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But I, I, I'm lucky to come from a very great family that we, my dad's university, 60, 70% of the students are free.


You know what I'm saying? So people know that people know my family for like being cool-headed. Very, very humble people. You know what I'm saying? I'm first generation entertainer in my family. Mm. You know what I'm saying? I'm the one that nobody knew who my dad was. It was a silent billionaire. You know what I'm saying? So I'm the one that came out and sang a song saying, ah, my daddy's this, blah blah, blah. And then it blew up. And That's what made you wanna do that though. Your dad's a billionaire. I could run the company just relax and chill. Ain't gotta deal with the bs. But you was like, nah, I wanna go this way, Man. Because of 50 cent. So 50 cent your daddy, huh? 50 cent daddy. So listen, listen, listen. This, Do you know what I watched the other day on YouTube?


Mm. Top, top 20 Charlemagne funny Moments. Breakfast home moments. Yo, you know the funny one when the guy was talking about you were like, we're not gonna laugh. We're not gonna laugh. Oh, then he's like, we, I was young. Damn y'all. I said raw. But, but, but I respect it though. You come from a wealthy family, but you still went out and earned your own name. But to, to Envy's point, was there ever any pressure just to take the easy route? I've been mad a lot of times. Like after the fact that I've blown up like a, a lot of situations have happened. You know what I'm saying? I don't, you know what I'm saying?


I've overcome them now. Like we out, we outside, you know what I'm saying? But before getting here, I know how many situations I kind of over had to overcome. I know some rooms I wasn't being let in because people felt like, man, he's good anyway man, take us man. Like we need it. You know what I'm saying? But the music spoke for itself. Right. You know what I'm saying? To like was able to get in those rooms, get in those conversations. Like I know how long I fought to be like, yo, yes, I come from a great background, but bro I'm dope. Like, you know what I'm saying? My music is really dope. Like, I'm actually a really, really good musician. And over time, you know what I'm saying, it was harder for me people think it was easier for me because of, you know what I'm saying, this paper.


But it's not only paper because a lot of people in their kids don't try to blow after me. Not none of 'em on blue, not one. You know what I'm saying? So, and there has been times where I'm like, you know what? I'm done. You know what I'm saying? I'm just going, y'all can have it. You know what I'm saying? I'm mad. I, I, I think I've even tweeted this before. I think when there was like something on the internet, I'm like, you know what? Fuck this. Yo, y'all can have everything. You know what I'm saying? I've done my bit. I'm out. And lemme tell you, if I go work for my dad, I'm, I'm back way more. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it's like Emini here that's still there waiting. But you know what I'm saying? Right now, we're still doing this and It's hard. Right. It might be easier now because of, you know, what artists in Nigeria have done. But when I think about you And I think about my girl Cuppy, like it would've been easier for y'all to be doctors or something like that.


It's harder for y'all to go into the entertainment industry and, and be successful. Crazy. Especially like Cup's a female too. That's right. You know, and she's not an artist. She's like, she's a artist, but DJ also a DJ producer. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I remember her side of going through a cup now, chilling, man. She got like four Ferrari's. She's cup, that's my girl love cup. What Do you want your kids to stay in this industry? Or, or would You prefer your kids to go Work with with grandpa? I'm gonna go work with my dad, man. You know what I'm saying? So every, every Christmas my dad takes all the grandkids to the Caribbeans. Either send kids or like with, they send kids. Last two years, the last two years, last year we did Bahamas. And I could just see him like on all the things he has all multiple private jets, multiple this, that his happiness was him seeing his grandchildren.


Like he rent, he rented out like this lady, just him those day. And he's single. Like he's single man And I chilling. Oh, your father Single. Yeah. Nice. You're not, you're engaged. You're engaged. Other people. I'm asking for the Listen. Bam, making sure. But yeah, like I just saw his happiness. Like, man, this is like what life is about. So my kids is like, whatever they wanna do. 'cause you know what I'm saying? As, as much as my, my dad didn't really want me in the entertainment. He didn't like overkill my dream, you know what I'm saying? He saw that, damn, this boy is really adamant about doing this. You know what I'm saying? So I wouldn't want to do that to them as well. And my daughter already, like, she already singing and dancing like, yeah. Crazy. So it's like, How do you stay so hungry when you already so big as an artist and you know, you good regardless of if the music hit or not.


Emini here. I think, I think it's the passion, man. I think, I think I'm just already, like, I'm obsessed with music, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm obsessed with the life, the lifestyle of just being a musician. So apart from that takes it out, apart from, you know what I'm saying? The money is good and everything, the fame. But when you love something, when you're passionate about something, that's why Ronaldo is keep going, keep going. That's why messy keep going. You know what I'm saying? They've won it all. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I feel like my, my, what's kept me going is, you know, definitely the passion, you know what I'm saying? And just, just the, the globalization of the culture as a whole. Like Who, who, Who would we want to be here now experiencing this? Like, we've had a whole career before America even tapped in.


You know what I'm saying? When we did fall that time, remember? So it's like we, we've had, I've had a 10 year career before Afrobeat popped up here. That's what a lot of people don't know. Like there are so many artists back home that are huge. They do stadiums. They don't care about coming to America. People like Flavor. Na, he has the whole IBO culture in his hand. Like he don't need, he could come out here and do Barclays two nights and you probably wouldn't even hear about, you don't understand what I'm saying. So it's like, so what's Left you, you said you know what's left to accomplish you, you done got number one records you done got. So what's left for you that you want? Just What's left for me man? I think like this album is going to release, solidify, you know what I'm saying? Not, not all those two records chart.


And I go on radio in American and I'm like, we wanna go the full way, you know what I'm saying? And also bring people with me as well. Like, I have a lot of amazing songwriters, producers. I started off as a producer. My, one of my producers that was on my last album, timeless. I met this guy through like, some random person at the airport that came to me. He just cashed a check for like 400 from publishing. Oh wow. Damn. Thousand gave me to came, came to my house and dropped off 40,000 for me. Like, thank you. Like, I was like, what? Like nobody has ever done this. Like, like just giving me, you know what I'm saying? You didn't have to, you know what I'm saying? 'cause I get a check off him anyway. You know what I'm saying? So it's just like, stuff like that.


I'm telling you like African music is changing generations. Like these people are actually blowing doing one hit songs and getting a million dollars off label. Like, so it's, it's a lucrative business. Any any of your friendships that have gone sour over your success Or Oh, definitely. Yeah. So many, so many. You come, you, you, you, you, you do good 99 times. The one time you don't, you know what I'm saying? I've had so many close of my friends, like even my friend from college blackmailed me. Like, mm. Like then, like long time ago, like my friend and he, and he was from New York. Man, dang. Don't blame it on us. Don't blame It on us. But I'm just saying like, he saw me, he saw me actually grow, saw me grind.


And then when he, when he, when we got there, he tried to, you know, I'm kind of, you know what I'm saying? So I, I had What did he do? Send you an email asking for your social Security number? No. So no, shut up man. So what happened was that he, he, he held the camera like my, this is my, this is my boy. So he held the camera. That's my guy. So it's like we talk about everything. Oh wow. So there's a clip he had about me talking about another artist, you know what I'm saying? But you know what I'm saying, behind closed doors, we all talk about each other. Right, right. So I'm on my phone. So you know the disappearing messages? Yeah, yeah. I just saw a video and it said you have 24 hours, something, something, something. Wow. And I'm like, Damn. And it was, it was from his phone.


Like, you know what I'm saying? I just called, I called my sister. I'm like, yo, this what's going on? Then called his sister. His sister called his mom. And then like the other, he wrote me like three years ago. Like, yo man, like I'm sorry for what I did, Clown, You could have been right here. Yeah, that's right. How much you want? I'm just curious. I think he wanted like 40,000 all after 40,000 been right. 40,000. So shortsighted. My boys make that in, in the worst week right now. But that's God though. God's letting you know who you didn't need around you. That's right. What Happened between you and TY Savage? Man, I know. Y'all were like really, really close. Like, that's close. That's my sister man. She cool. Okay. Emini here. Like I said, you know what I'm saying? Even with the big three question you asked me, you know what I'm saying?


I remember when all of us, you know what I'm saying, coming up together, you know what I'm saying? Me and Tiwa used to stay in the same house. Yeah. That's like my big sister. Like, you know what I'm saying? She saw me as a youngin, you know what I'm saying? But the situation with Tiwa was, you know, was like kind of personal, you know what I'm saying? Know she's, she's very, very good friends with my, the mom of my daughter, my first daughter, which, you know, we were in court having custody and stuff like that. So I just felt like, you know what I'm saying, you my, you know what I'm saying? Help me, help me take the sides. Know, see my daughter, that type stuff. So we just got in a little argument. It was nothing, you know what I'm saying? It was just like brothers and sisters arguing. You know what, I'm y'all cool now. I haven't seen her since then to, to be honest, but she did reach out and you know what I'm saying?


So, okay. Probably if it happens, it happens. And I know bad, but I love her, you know, I love her child And I, I saw him grow up. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She's an amazing person. She changed the game for females, you know what I'm saying? She'll always have that respect. You know, that's my sister. Like yeah. I would never let nothing happen to her. Right. She knows, you know what I'm saying? What about Wizkid Kidd? Do you love Wizkid kid? That is not his sister made, that's not his sister. I'm just Asking. I love everybody man. I I do wanna ask a question about the big three though. Like if they call, they call Burner the rebel and they talk about Wizkid. He has the mystique. What is, what's your lane in that, in that big three? Me, I'm Joseph Mul. You just, I'm, I'm just me like, I'm Joseph.


Me, me. I thought you said like a worker Emini here. I was like, you just a worker. That's what I thought. Like, oh, People, people people know me as the outgoing guy. Yeah. What I'm saying, Very, you know, free. You know what I'm saying? I don't have that mystique or that's rebel. You know what I'm saying? I can't act that way. I'm just me and people. Some, some people will be like, man, you are too free. You're too free sometimes, you know, don't you know you're a superstar. I'm like, bro, I've been blessed. I've gone Disney once out two years old. Like this does not, yeah. You know, like, I, like I always say like, if my dad walks in the room, like if you walking on the road, you know what I'm saying? My dad passes you by, you probably would've even known like, that dude got a billion dollars, I'm telling you.


So that's how I grew up. My manager be getting mad, like I be in the house, I be in slippers, like go, I'm like, bro, I'm, I'm home. Who you want do look good every time. You know what I'm saying? But there, there are people that are born artists that, that's just how they, they coming out their room. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's people, some people are like that. You know what I'm saying? That's what works for them. And to be honest, it's worked for them. You know what I'm saying? What's worked for me is worked for me and what's worked for them, you know's, worked for them. Maybe if they like free like me, you know, maybe they wouldn't get what they have. You know what I'm saying? So, and maybe the way I am is what has helped me. So it like you supposed everybody, I feel like every, in every industry, like, just like how you had the big three back in the day were like Jay-Z, they were all different kind of people.


Yeah. Drake and Kendrick, Kendrick Cole, they're different kind of people, you know what I'm saying? Drake outside, you know what I'm saying? And Kendrick is like, you don't even know what that nigga next movie is. So it's like they're different kind of people. Right. And that's okay. You know what I'm saying? That's okay. Yeah. Well the album is out on April 18th, which we hit 18th. What you wanna play off the album? What's the Chris Brown song? We got that one yet. They send that one ain't send that one yet. Okay. Oh yeah, this Lemme tell you what we got so far. We got be still Hold on me Which ones we got? We got, you got Vic Monet, we got be there still. We got that one's nice and we got fun. Is Aou Okay? The album not out yet? Not out yet. Okay, so let's do, let's do a, okay, let's do the funds.


Oh, Okay. Yeah, because those are like, you know, we, apart from like the records you guys here, It's a big dude, I, I know that this guy you got on this record is big. He's the biggest rapper now. So a lot of things you guys know, like for example, you see how when I came out here we had the if money fall on you, a lot of songs that pop here pop or we have bigger songs like the local ones that's like, like back home, you know what I'm saying? Like for example, and like for a song like Fun with the ODU Modu, it's always gonna be bigger than a vicar when they record back home. Yeah, right. You know what I'm saying? But once you get in the radio here, that's what you gonna hear.


You go in the stores h and m that's what you hear. But I'm saying, what I'm trying to say is that, that there's so much more music back home that is also being digested that you guys don't really, really get to hear. So, so every time like I'm doing a project, I always keep in mind, yes, we have to please the western world and you know what I'm saying? We gotta make money for the label, but we also have to please our original fans. That's Hold it, man. That's right, that's right. Well let's get into the joint right now it's Davido, ladies and gentlemen. That's, is it Davido, David o what is it? You just talk to this man for a whole hour and Just say his name wrong. He different way. He, it's David O. If you go to, if you go to South Africa, they're like Davido David do. If you go to Nigeria, it's David. Do you go to Paris?


Avi do So my name is David obviously, so If you don Parts of The World, they say David different ways. David, David, I'm like, yo, just bring that check man. Davi Doe is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ever Wonder what it would be like to be mentored by today's top business leaders? My podcast, this is Working, can help with that. Here's some advice from Jamie Diamond, the CEO of JP Morgan Chase on standing out from the leadership crowd. Develop your eq. A lot of people have plenty of brains, but EQ is, do you trust me? Do I communicate well? Develop the team, develop the people at, create a system of trust and it works over time. I'm Dan Roth LinkedIn's editor-in-Chief on my podcast. This is Working Leaders Share Strategies for Success. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Camil Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast, Atho is where sports, music and fitness collide and we cover it all. This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, What's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public bombing in life. By the time I stole a girl's phone during a set and she dumped on stage and threw a big haymaker punch to my nose, listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app. Apple, a podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.