
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever-changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Wake That ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Governor Baraka. Hey, let's call it, let's Work. He's running for governor. Ladies and gentlemen, ROS Baraka. Welcome brother. Thank you. Thank you. Glad to be here. How you feeling? Good man. Good. Cold, but I'm good. Cold. So, so you, you gonna put your hat in this race and what, what makes you want to run for governor? I, I already did. I think it's time, man. Emini here. We have a very short window. I don't think we get an opportunity to do this anymore. There's a crowded feel. It's an opportunity for African American kid from the city of Newark to make New Jersey live up to its democratic values, to build a broad based coalition to really respond to the issues we deal with in the city every day.


That I think are statewide issues, issues of housing, unemployment, safety, the affordability of the state, being too expensive for most folks in New Jersey. We deal with those things. Every problem. New Jersey got, we got it twice in Newark. Mm. So, but whatever we grappling with the state is doing it. And if we're mitigating those problems in Newark, we can certainly do it in the state. And if the state is better, Newark is better. So what Are some things you'll be able to do as governor that you aren't right now capable of doing as best Help build more affordable housing across the state in New Jersey, which makes it easier for folks like folks in Newark who are trying to get in housing. So we, we started 20% affordability and all development in, in the city. The state followed it suit and did the same thing.


So now it's not a hundred people on the waiting list, it's 5,000 people on the waiting list because New Jersey is in it. And now they, we can't discriminate against where you come from across the state, which means we need more affordable housing in the state. We need workforce housing. We can do that. Right? We can help to reduce the violence not just in Newark, but also Camden and Trenton, right. And Jersey City and places like that. To begin to create an environment in the city or in a state that is conducive to business, conducive to growth, helping families grow and be safe. We can do that. We can bring more business to the state of New Jersey. We've brought 'em to Newark so we can bring 'em to the state. You know, I think we uniquely qualified most of these other folks that are running have never done, have no receipts of doing anything. That's right.


Except for being in the Democratic Party to them Emini here, that that gives 'em the privilege. The party picks them and puts them in front of people and say, this is who you're supposed to vote for. I'm tired of that. You know, we gotta mix it up. Yeah. I I I love Newark man. And you know, you've done some amazing things in Newark. Man. Baraka, one thing I wanna talk about is Newark, they, they experienced a 60% decrease in violent crime. Right. And, and a lot of times, you know, right. They say that in cities, but you don't see it. Right. And Newark, compared to where Newark was, you know, a decade ago, you can see yeah. That Newark is, you know, is, is a lot safer than it was. Not saying it's perfect, but it's, it's a lot safer than it was. How did you do that?


Well, we created a, a, a ecosystem Office of Violence prevention, trauma recovery, brick City Peace Collective. In that, in essence, we brought in community based organizations to partner with the police. What the police started doing, really intelligence based policing. But we brought Rutgers on to kind of identify what crime was happening at, where violence was happening at, for example, they told us all the bodegas in the city where violence happened in a hundred feet of, and gave us a, some data point that said if we turned the lights on in this area, it would reduce violent crime by 34% if we put lights on in this area. So we did those things, right? We put community people in those communities to deal with high risk intervention, deal with folks that were trying to retaliate, kids that are getting outta jail, meeting them immediately.


Like, yo, this, we need you to get involved in this and do this. Give 'em an opportunity. And we have a, I wanna thank like new direction. You know, one hood, organizations like that, that work with us in the city that do very, very dangerous work in these communities trying to reduce the temperature, like they say, reduce the temperature. I Wanted to ask, you know, when it came to, to Newark, how did you get your, i I wanna say governing style? And the reason I ask is, is we've met a lot of mayors, we've seen a lot of mayors in a lot of different cities, but I've never seen a mayor do what some of the things that you do, like, you go out there and touch the people, right? You, you everything that you have to bring people in. Why do you do that so much Emini here, Charlemagne has been part of the stuff that you've done in Newark. I've been down there 1,000,001 times I've seen you bring celebrities to come down there and not just speak, but to actually help.


Why have you done it that way? And why don't you think other mayors follow your way of doing it? Because obviously it's successful. Well, I, I think I, I do it this way 'cause it's how I was raised. I'm, I'm from Newark for real. Like, this is my community people. He said for real. He Said for real. And you know, I, I know these people. I know these neighborhoods, these streets, the people on them, good and bad. And I know we need them to help solve these problems. The people that are closer to the problem are closer to the solutions in my mind. And you know, I don't, I I don't feel like I'm special because I, I'm the mayor of the city of Newark. I feel like this guy gave me opportunity to do more with the resources that I have. And I I, And I owe it to a whole lot of people. When I was a kid at 15, 16 years old, I could have easily been in trouble. I had good friends who made sure I wasn't in trouble When beef came, they walked me home.


You know what Emini here, kids that made sure I was in the house when things went on and they talked about it the next morning. So I feel obligated to take care of them now that they took care of me when I was a kid. You know, when I was on my way to college, my best friend was on his way to Annadale the Youth Correctional facility. So I feel like it is my job and duty to take care of folks in my neighborhood. And that's just basically how we govern and, and how I operate in the city. Yep. There's a lot of gentrification happening in Newark. Yeah. Right. And I've only been in the area for about like a year and I'm like, wow, it's a lot that has changed. You're really from Newark, like you said. How do you balance working with people that are in the community and but that also bringing in these new partners who might not have that same feeling or commitment to the city and the people there, like what you said, 'cause you kind of need the outsiders at the same time.


Well, We, they don't have no choice. I'm, I'm the mayor. We in charge, we, we a city of Anne, you know, so if, if we didn't do that, 25% of the people in the city pay taxes, they homeowners. So if we didn't have business, if we didn't have the buildings going up in the city, we wouldn't be able to hire the people we hire. We wouldn't have the infrastructure we need. We need more people to pay taxes. So you have to create opportunities. So that's why we take Section eight vouchers and turn 'em into mortgages so people could be homeowners so they could pay taxes. 20% of every building that goes up in the city has to have 20% affordability in it. You have to put affordable housing in every development. Hell, you gotta plant trees, you know, invest in community through community based, you know, community benefits agreements.


We, we forced developers to do very specific things in the city. 'cause we don't want them to leave folks behind. When we changed the lead service lines, we made the, the folks who did that hire community based organizations, people that work in the city and bring on black and brown businesses to, to help them because You break down the, the, the the hire buy live initiative. Yeah. So we, all of the corporations in the city, we call 'em anchor institutions. We told them that actually Prudential did the study for us showed us that all of the business only spent 3% of their dollars in the city of Newark. If they lifted it to 10%, they would add 50 to $60 million to the economy. So based on that, we began to bring people together and say, we need you to lift the level of your procurement, your spin in the city.


We want you to hire Newarkers deliberately. We had a goal of 2020 people to hire. They actually hired 3000. And we wanted you to encourage your employees to actually live in the city of Newark. It went so far that Audible was paying the first month's rent for folks who decided to live in the city of Newark, Emini here. It it got that, you know, deep with the corporations 'cause they saw the success of it and how the city was changing. So they, they leaned into it, you know, Beth Israel leaned in, Rutgers, Newark, the university leaned in. They probably hired more people than anybody in mid-level to high level staff than, than anybody in the, in the city. So we think that that model works not just in the city.


That that's, that could be a statewide model as well. The thing I love about Newark too is like the, the the, the political infrastructure there is so black and you know, the city is just a beautiful black city. It makes you want to invest there. How is, how important is it when people like Queen Latifah want to build affordable housing there or Shaq wants to build, you know, affordable housing there. How important is that? That's very dope. Shaq is on his building number three. Wow. And hi, his buildings are going up very quickly. You know, I, I'm excited about it. It makes other people excited about it. It makes, more importantly, it makes people black and brown folks that are, you know, small to mid-sized developers feel like I got a shot. So when you bring 'em together, we feel like, 'cause a lot of people don't wanna take the risk or they don't wanna go through all the bureaucracy or the patience that it takes to get knocked down and get back up.


'cause it's not a simple and easy thing. I make people understand this is hard what we asking you to do. It's not easy, but it makes people feel like it's possible. It's plausible. Let's get, let's do this. So when all you guys, when other folks come in and, and invest in the city, that's why I bring people around them so they can see folks that look like them, that have similar backgrounds to them. That they did it. That you can do it as well. I was gonna ask Congestion Pricing. What, what's your your your, your take on Congestion Pricing. Does it help, does it hurt? How does it affect, especially New Jersey Bunch rich bureaucrats fighting with each other about things that working people have no knowledge of the reality of. I I think the objective is right, that obviously the environment and congestion is a problem.


I think going at it this way is a issue. And that's usually what the problem is in the State House and, and, and governments. Because most of these people's making these decisions make decisions based on a small frame of reference make on a small circle. And they're not bringing people in regular working folks in to weigh in on what they're trying to do. You're not bringing the fire guy in who lives in the outer boroughs who gotta work in the Manhattan every single day that's going to have to pay that. You're not, you know, working class people in New Jersey who have to drive here to go to work, who don't make a whole lot of money that's you at you hitting them over the head again and again and again. You're driving people away from the party, driving them away from government. They're becoming more cynical because they, they think that these guys are making decisions that are hurting them.


They don't care about all of the big issues you're talking about because you hurting my pockets. I don ain't got no money as it is. That's right. I ain't gonna take more of my money. This doesn't make sense. So we, we have to figure it out now they say, oh, we need to reverse congestion in Jersey. I heard About that. I was Gonna ask you about that. Yeah. I think it's ridiculous, right? I think these are just political people throwing volleys at each other in the newspaper, trying to get video and, and airtime, you know, trying to get earned media about this stuff. The reality is none of that is gonna fix the problem. Like if you wanna deal with congestion, you wanna deal with the issues people have and you need to get on the ground and talk to folks about how to really solve this problem. You know? And if, if you raising money for MTA off the backs of working class people, I think that's wrong. And we need to figure out how to do that in a better way.


Right. It doesn't hurt working class folks, I want you to expound on that because that's a problem that I feel like just Democrats have is with their messaging. But you say you got something that you say, you say politicians can't make policy for people they can't see. That's right. They can't solve problems they don't know exist. And I say that all the time in regards to politicians because they talk about people they never talk to. So how can politicians do a better job of that? They gotta get outta there. Go to the barber shop, the beauty parlor, the the thrift store. The lounge, the bar. They gotta talk to folks where they at. You know, right now people are picking people for people and you know, surrogates are running out convincing people to vote for you and you're not going in front of people talking, having conversations with them. And that's real, that's the real problem.


Like, you don't know these people. Like you don't know the, the parent that that has an 8-year-old, 7-year-old and a 4-year-old gotta go to work, leave them home at the house, try to get the neighbors to check on them because she can't afford childcare. That's right. Right. And then, you know, the child finds a gun and shoots himself and everybody talking bad about her, but not about the economy. That's the richest in The World that does, does not allow folks to find childcare that they can afford. So now she has to make a decision. Right. Or, or the fact that I can't pay my rent 'cause I'm buying Christmas gifts And I wait for my income tax to come in so I can, so a level up on my, on my rent, but I wanna buy Christmas gifts. I don't know these people, I don't have conversations with these people. So the policies I make are not gonna address them. For example, New Jersey fighting over a policy for 500 for seniors that make $500,000, you know, to give them tax breaks.


You know, my grandmother is in a a, a nursing home trying to figure out how to pay the nursing home, how to pay medicine. Right. How to do all the very specific things. She don't got a home here and a home in the Hamptons and a home in Florida. But we don't see these people so you can't make policy for them. So those people get pissed off. And the problem is those are the majority of the people. That's right. And for you, somebody that is with the people, right? Even when something like the congestive pricing happens with the tolls and stuff, when people are talking to you, how do you, what are you instantly trying to do to help them? 'cause a lot of people I know that are in Jersey are like, well, especially us that aren't from there. And we moved there thinking it was better for us to commute. We like, dang, we might as well move into New York now. But then that goes against what you're trying to do with bringing people to Jersey and, and getting these companies to invest in it.


Like how do you start to solve that problem before us leaving Jersey becomes a problem? Well, Emini here, I think what the governor's trying to do is he's still keeping it in court, trying to raise the issue of it. So it can be reversed. Emini here he went as far as wrote a letter to Donald Trump. I don't know how far this is gonna go, but ultimately we have to keep it on people's mind. Continue to have the discussion about it to see if we can repeal it in some way. Yeah. We can't just allow it to sit like that. Or, or the, or the MTA or somebody else has to figure out how to compensate people or give them an opportunity to reduce the what it's gonna cost the burden to go back and forth to the city who were forced to go there.


Not just going there because they trying to go shopping. Right. Right. Did you go to the inauguration? No. You did not go. No. You actually put out a statement talking about Trump's first day. Yeah, I don I'm not Yeah, I I wouldn't have went there. Yeah. Emini here. It was crazy. Emini here. All, all, all the things he did Emini here. He said he was gonna do so Emini here, it's crazy. He attacked birthright citizenship, got rid of diversity, equity and inclusion. Fired everybody got rid of Office of Violence Prevention. I went to the website, it's gone. Right. You know, he just, every, all of the things that we need to continue to do it we're doing in the state of New Jersey in Newark, he just attacked and got rid of pardoned all of those people. Straight out white supremacists dangerous folks that, that he let loose.


I don't know why anybody in they right mind thought that he wouldn't do any of these things, but, but he did it. Right. And you know, people tell you who they are. Like they say believe them. How do you navigate that as a, as a, as a politician like you? Because you know, like they say that you have to be cordial with them, which I, I completely don't understand 'cause it confuses me as a voter. Like if I hear you say somebody's a threat to democracy, you call somebody a fascist, you liking them to Hitler, but then as soon as the election is over, you, you know, you, you at the funeral smiling with 'em or you welcome 'em back to the White House having tea with 'em. How would you navigate that as a problem? Yeah, that's the problem that Democrats have. They, you know, they can't out Republican Republicans. And that's, that's the reality one Emini here. It's, it's one thing about being respectful to people.


It's another thing about standing on your beliefs and your values. You don't have to celebrate with these people. If somebody come in the room, you could be cordial to 'em. You don't have to celebrate with 'em. You don't have to rejoice with them. You don't have to pretend that they're somebody that they're, that they're not. Right. You can't uphold something for the sake of the system that you know is wrong. Right. You know, you shouldn't be in the room. You can't go there and play with them and, you know, make everybody think that this is okay. 'cause it is not okay. Right. And I, I believe that, that we were right. I think Kamala was right. The stuff that she was saying was right, that the things that she was standing on was right. And all of those people were wrong. And we have to stand with that. I think people like power. So the, they wanna stand close to power.


The proximity to power is what it is. They feel like they're gonna be safe if they're next to power. 'cause he's gonna destroy everybody but me. I think it's really a coward move. And what it does is what you say confuses everybody. That's right. It makes them believe. We really all on the same side. We just try pretending so we get elected. I wanted to ask, you know, we, we talked about congestion prices. They say property tax is one of the highest in in the country as far as New Jersey is concerned. How do we keep people in Jersey and, and people not wanting to leave Jersey? How do we do that? Well, we have to lower the costs. Right? People tell you they're gonna lower taxes most of the time they lying. Right? Right. 'cause the only people taxes get lowered like the super wealthy. Right? So, you know, regular working class and middle class families.


'cause what's happening, like what happens in this country, we take from poor people give to rich folks and the middle class pay the bill, right? So if the bills, if healthcare costs are growing and we, we don't get under control, you, you're paying for that, right? If housing costs keep growing, don't get under control. You, you're paying for that. You can't, if you go to a restaurant, the bill is the bill, right. Unless you take something off the bill, that's what the bill is. Right? So I'm gonna lower taxes. The government pays for itself through taxes. We ain't selling cars out the back of, of the city hall. Right? So at the end of the day, taxes is our revenue. So if we can't get healthcare hospitals in check insurance companies in check, if we don't get all these insurance companies in check, then the bill is gonna continue to grow.


Healthcare costs grow 15, 20, 30% arbitrarily every year. You're paying for that because all of the workers that we hire, we gotta pay the healthcare. Right. And as those costs increase, your costs increase. Right. And if you live, if you don't bill housing, so if you're not building housing, you're not adding people to help you pay the bill. Right. So when you get this idea, we don't wanna build any housing. We don't nobody to come to our neighborhood. What you're essentially saying is you want the cost to continue to go up. New Jersey has more cities than California Right. Which is eight times larger than New Jersey. So be because we have all of these cities, we, we are paying individual costs for all the things we need. And our school system costs are higher 'cause we have less kids with the same infrastructure.


Right. Because nobody's moving to our neighborhoods. Right. And until we build housing, put people in our community and lower costs, our taxes gonna continue to go up. Why Do you think people are leaving New Jersey? Because I, I I saw something you said for seventh consecutive year, more residents moved outta New Jersey than any other state. Like One Well we, we actually had a reversal of that. Okay. This year. So New Jersey have seen more people move to it than most states in the country. So we one of the fastest growing. So people are now coming back into the state because I, And I would imagine because you know, it's getting expensive everywhere, right? It is. It is expensive everywhere. And housing is an issue all over the country.


And New Jersey is a little bit more liberal than than other places. So folks wanna come there and, and not be targeted. I think Jersey is going be, I don't wanna say the new Hollywood, but when you got Lions Gate building, what they're building in Newark. When you got Netflix building what they're building in Mama County. Yeah. I think there's gonna be a lot of people fluctuating to Jersey. Is that why you guys, 'cause I'm looking here in the Newark Land Bank came in 2019. Yeah. For as long as I've known in Delaware, we had a land bank. My grandmother has got a lot of property and land and stuff. And I'm like 2019. That's so recent. Why did it take so long? And is that why it happened? Because there's so much coming. You wanna make sure people can get land and Property.


We the only city in the entire state that has the Land bank. Wow. We, we fought for it on the state side and then we, we passed it and locally we did it so we could turn property over to people in the city who lived there. Yeah. I thought that was like a law. Like there had to be a land bank now. No. Wow. That's sad. No, we wanna be able to get it into people's hands. And and that's been working. That's how people have been getting property really. We through the Land Bank. 'cause through the city you gotta go through all this bureaucracy, all the other kind of, you know, you gotta go before the council, the Land bank. I can sell you the property for $5. Yep. All right. That's how we able to do the, the section eight mortgages. We take people's vouchers and we turn it into a mortgage with Bank of America and the Land Bank. They pull a product together. We working with the New York Giants.


New York Giants are fully furnishing people's homes. Wow. So you got people moving into houses that used to live in the projects, paying the same amount of money that they were paying in Baxter terrorist projects. But now they own something. Now they had they own home. Can You explain what a land bank is just for people who might not know what that is? 'cause Well the, like if I was a piece Of the planet


Charlemagne to God here, And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Private dude with a whole bunch of money, right? I could buy up all of the property and bank it and sit on it. And you know what usually happens is I wait until prices go up and then I wanna sell the property. I sit on it. That's why you go to a lot of cities and you see a lot of vacant property and you're trying to figure out, oh, why they don't do anything with it. 'cause the city doesn't own it. Some private person took it and they holding onto it so they can make money. So the city does that. Now the city gets all of the property and we bank it like so we hold onto it, we parcel it together. And so we, we give the first right of refusal to like community development organizations to local folks so they can develop it. So they can build it to keep wealth in the community, to create more diversity and, and ownership in a property and keep prices low at the same time.


So we can manage what happens with our property in the city through the land bank. How, How important is that? Because you know, you, you want to keep even, you know, Lauren brought up gentrification, but you want to keep Newark full of people from Newark, right? So when stuff like the studio gets built, you Lionsgate studio and you see, you know, places like Audible coming up, you still want to keep the resident to Newark in there. So how do you make sure that happens? Well That's why you gotta that's why we have those meetings that we have the men's meetings, we have other meetings. 'cause I'm trying to make people go get the property. We set this thing up now go get it. Like let's figure out how you can get property. So Emini here, you got people you know who owned buildings with put their store. There's a grand opening. An old boy had a, a store, a sandwich shop.


Now he has a sandwich shop on top of residence that he owns now in the building that he owns, right? Got my man Chino who just came home, you know, a few years ago who now is not only developed his own property, now he's involved in a part of developing a, a larger piece of property in the city and then telling developers, big developers that you have to partner with. Midsize and small developers from the city gives them an in. Oh, that's a big thing, right? So you don't, you don't need me anymore. You, you, you know that these folks need you, right? So you show up with your expertise and your skills and your ability and say, look, this is what I can offer you. Plus I'm from Newark. So, You know, I do have to ask too, the couple of months ago, the Drones, What were they?


What were they? I wish I knew. Man. Man, you know something. You know something I wish I Knew because They just went away too. They just gone. I haven't seen 'em since. They did just go away. But they were saying it was just people putting up their individual Drones. Like once it had started the Size of Vehicles became mass hysteria. Actually I know a company that that trains, you know, folks on big Drones like that too. Like Alpha, it's called Alpha Drones. But they, they, they remove graffiti, they do all kind of stuff with those Drones. So I've seen big Drones like that before. But you know, I, I'm glad I didn't get involved in that, that that discussion that was going on though because it's, now it sounds really crazy that people were arguing about it. It Does. But I see, I don't think them Drones would've pulled up in Newark.


I think if it would've been in Newark, man, they shot them Drones down immediately. Knock Got them drone down. Newark Is a beautiful place. And I Say, was he be place? I love Newark. You got him down though. Another thing I love that you you've done in Newark is the Homelessness program. 'cause you've helped to cut Newark's Homelessness in half. What have y'all gotten right that a lot of people around the country haven't? Well, we have street teams and our street teams, we just expanded it to 24 hours a day because they do so good. You know, and the state just witnessed the uptick. 24% this year. Emini here the end of last year. And we got a little uptick too. But because we have reduced it 57%, we still down, you know, our, our street teams go out there through Path Home.


We talk to folks, we get 'em off the street and we're being more creative about like, we created, you know, housing out of containers, right? We took the container shipping containers and we built housing outta shipping containers. Which, which was successful to us. We just went to the housing authority, took 200 of their units that they weren't using that was abandoned. And we are investing in fixing those up so we could use 'em as transitional homes for folks that are off the streets. So we have places to put people when we pull 'em off the, off the corners. And we, we just very, very, very deliberate and intentional throughout street team about that. About that work. Talk about the Path Home Initiative. See, you, you, you be speeding through stuff there Barack. 'cause you do actually, you're one of the elected officials.


I can actually say, yo, that guy out there, he does work. He does the work. Absolutely. And you can see it reflected in the city. What is the Path Home Initiative? Path Home is like, you know, we, we, we say housing first. So we talk to people on the street until they comfortable coming with us to go places. So they know our street team know most of the homeless people in Newark by name, where they live at, so forth and so on. What street they, on, what corner they in, what tent they under? So they they they continue to talk to them, right? And then we have a cell phone thing. You, you text Path Home 8 5 5 1 1 PA path home to that. And it's, and the guys that go out there and, and engage these folks, right? And make sure, and it's just not regular people. You know, you have a drug counselors there, you have a psychiatrists there, you have social workers there, you have regular street team folks there.


So there's a whole team of people that go out and bring, bring mobile units to the folks where they are and begin to try to convince them and pull 'em into housing. Right? And, and, and sometimes they don't come right away. But the fir you know, we keep going, keep going, keep going. It was, the lady told a story that it, it took the folks three or four times to talk to her before she said, I'm going, you know, but, but she finally went and she gave a testimony how it turned her, changed her life around because they kept being persistent about, Hey, we coming, here we go again. You know, some food. We, we just not giving you food. We try to give you help, support, get you off the street. A lot of people come and give out food and it makes them feel good for that moment. But the person need more than food, right?


That's right. They need a house. They need treatment, they need counseling. So we try to bring all of that to the folks and bring them into housing when we can. All, all we have to do is keep building housing so people could come in to have a place to go because there's no place for us to put 'em. Then the, the street teams don't make make they become useless. Now when you become governor, 'cause you know we gonna put that in the air. What's the first thing you wanna do for the people in New Jersey? What's the, what's your first attack? I think we need to get the budgeting order first, I think is outta control. And we need to one, cut spending cut costs. Make the wealthy pay their fair share. That's number one. We need to invest in the economy by building housing next to transit all over the state. We need to put thousands of people to work.


Turn it into a public works project. Same way we did the lead service lines. Put thousands of people to work any economy, get the building trades to give us a price for affordable housing and tell 'em they can make up on the volume what they're gonna miss out on. What we reduce in, in the price build 10,000, 15,000 of units upfront. Right? We need to take our procurement dollars and invest in black and brown communities immediately to, to South Asian communities, women, businesses. The state of New Jersey spends less than 1% of its dollars in those communities. Now we gotta turn that around. 'cause to me that is why the economy doesn't grow Emini here. You know, you can't have an exclusive economy and expect it to grow.


There's a whole bunch of communities that need to be engaged in the economy that we are leaving out. The Latino population or business community represent 20% of the workforce in New Jersey. That's on their own merit. That's without any investment, without any support from the state. We gotta put money in those communities and watch those communities grow, hire people. If you hire more people, we have to pay them less Unemploy employment. We get 'em an opportunity to get homes. They can pay taxes and then you'll be crying less about the taxes you pay. 'cause they'll be helping you pay them. Right. Invest in those communities asap. And, and that's, that's what we do in the first 100 days. And I wanted to know when, when Newark, or I should say Jersey lost a professional team.


How bad did that affect the industry or the market or the finances during that time? How bad was that? And is there any talks of getting another professional team by any chance? Well, I, I think it's impossible because, you know, New York, the teams, you gotta get permission from the Yankees and the Mets to put another team from the Giants in the Jets. You gotta get permission from them to bring another team in this market. First of all, if they don't allow you to do it, it ain't gonna happen unless one of them move to New Jersey. The good thing about Prudential Arena, the Prudential Arena is one of the top three most selling arenas in the nation. So, you know, after the the the Nets left, they, they really upped their game. So, And I think it's like that because of diversity.


'cause you could go there, go to a k-pop show, right? You could go see Romeo Santos, you know, they, they have everything there and because of that it's always crowded. 18,000 people on the street almost every day of the week. Emini here. It's crazy over there. They making a lot of money and they bringing a lot of attention to the city of Newark while people keep putting business there. 'cause it's always crowded. Gotcha. Well How will, how will Lionsgate impact Newark and, and how will Netflix impact just Jersey as a whole? Like Bo both of them? Well, Lionsgate is, will help a community, a neighborhood that's been distressed for a very, very long time. And when they come there, you know, the path, the airport is already building a stop there by there so people could get on the train Wow.


To get to the airport. So that, that's gonna be awesome. And because those studios are there, obviously they're gonna, they're gonna be retail that's gonna pop up there. 'cause people have to eat. They, they need to do these things. They wanna get their hair, they wanna do whatever. So they're gonna, obviously the retail is gonna grow there and, and it's gonna do something about the housing market as well because the housing authority is already talking about investing in the housing in that community. So I I, I see a shot in the arm happening for the economy in that area. And, and obviously the state, that region is gonna benefit from it once you put the train stop there, you know, people could get on the AirTran from there. It's gonna create incredible opportunity for that neighborhood and for the Elizabeth and all of the cities that are attached to it in that reason. What about the cannabis industry?


'cause you know, we opened up Astoria in Newark, myself and Rayquan, the chef and Cari Sellers. What what about the cannabis industry? I think it's Emini here. We gotta do better in New Jersey. Let me say that. You know, I, I just think the bureaucracy is too much and the cost of cannabis, of putting it together in New Jersey is higher than places like Pennsylvania and other places like that that we have to work out those price, lower that stuff, make it competitive in our state and cut a lot of the red tape. So more of these things can happen faster than it's happening now. And lean into to making sure that black and brown and underrepresented communities who were victimized have a bigger portion of what's happening here. That we have to do this deliberately. Like New Jersey is a, they wanna do the right thing that is afraid to do it out loud.


You know what, Emini here. So you got a whole bunch of people that you say, oh, black people are suffering. They'll raise their hand. I agree with that. They say, oh we should do something about it. Their hands don't go up. Right. Absolutely. You know, so that's, that's really what the difference is. So we, we have to lean into like, look this, we know this is the problem. You agree with it, we need to fix it. Right. We can't charge this amount of money. There has to be carve outs for certain people in certain communities and and we have to grow it faster than what is happening. I just think it's taking too Long. Well come see us too slow. Come see us at Astoria. 7 9 9 Broad Street in Newark. I need you to have the chief of police just do a little sweep in front of the store though. Oh yeah. There's a lot of, lot of entrepreneurs be out there. You know what I'm saying? We had A discussion about that.


Trying to break It's black, be out there. You know They do be, they they, it's very violent. You Know, our customers pull up and they be trying to get their own sales on gonna drop a dime on smooth down the block. Man, you know, police tell move down the block. You Know what Tel Far did with the people that be outside his store? He dropped Telfor bags off so that he can increase their revenue. Maybe you should talk to those brothers and see what they trying to do and how Hash story can help. I don talk to them. They try to get me weed. We own the expense for gotta gimme nothing. Well, When is election? What, what, what, when can people make sure they are June 10th donate to what they need to make sure they support you and Yeah. And your site and everything and can see what you're Standing on. Absolutely. Ra for governor.com, that's us. June 10th is the primary in New Jersey. The general election is in November 1st, Tuesday in November.


But the primary is June 10th. June 10th. You can donate, you can get on a website, volunteer, ask questions, do whatever it is that you need to do it feel comfortable doing. Absolutely. You're not worried about the trickle down from this new administration. 'cause a lot of stuff you trying to do, of course they not, they ain't really the biggest proponents of it. You, you know what Emini here. Yeah. Like you're not worried about that at all. Emini here. I think that we gotta govern the way we govern. We gotta do what we do. Like that's it. Like we can't like do what we need to do thinking about them. Right. Like we have to do what we need to do. Thinking about the people in New Jersey, if they come up, come over to New Jersey, they gotta deal with us, then we minding our own Business. You said it's on site own. That's right. But if they come over here with some nonsense, then we gotta take care of business. Other than that, we gonna do what's right for the people of the state.


That's Right. Is the federal government gonna make what you want to do in Jersey? Easy or harder to execute? Oh Prob probably harder. Okay. Probably in, in some instances probably harder Emini here. But this guy ran saying he wanted to make the economy easier. He wanted to lower prices, costs. He wanna do all of these things. Put people to work. We, we wanna put people to work. We want a lower cost. That's what we want. All the other crazy foolishness that he's talking about, it's what he really wants. He's not, he's, he hasn't started doing that. Right. And I don't think he's ever gonna, just like he said he wanted to invest in the infrastructure the last time he was the president. That never happened. Right. All the other stuff happened, but not that. So I think that's a ploy. But we're gonna lean in on the creating jobs, creating small business, incubating folks, giving people a a housing, reducing the cost.


We leaning in on that and we gonna protect the immigrants and migrants in our community. We're gonna protect the L-G-B-T-Q community in our, in our neighborhood. We're gonna protect the people who from Newark that we know those, our uncles, our nephews, our cousins, our neighbors, the people we, you know, we hang out with. We gonna protect them. Emini here. We ain't gonna run away from them. 'cause now that Trump is the president of the United States, what kind of people would we be then? Like we leave our folks behind. 'cause the bully done showed up. Now you scared. Right? It it is what it is. This, these are our family members and we gotta make sure they good. How insulting is it to be called a DEI mayor as a black mayor? Well, I'm not insulted by it. You know what? Emini here. Emini here. I think diversity and equity and inclusion is the right thing. I think what they're trying to say is that you're not qualified.


And what they and and, and they say that by everything. So what they're really saying is that we, we not qualified for anything. You can't be anything because you're not qualified for anything. That's what they're really saying. I don't think that we should run from the idea of being, of supporting diversity, equity, inclusion. In fact, the economy needs diversity, equity, inclusion. It's just not enough white men to support the economy of this country. That's right. Just doesn't exist. So there are a whole bunch of people that keep saying we have a labor shortage because they're talking about the traditional folks who have these jobs that are aging out. And because they're not going into the black community, the brown community, the South Asian community women then yeah, people aging out. But there's a whole bunch of folks that are a part of this country.


You know, American families are different, man, you know, we eat plant noodles and you know, black beans and rice and collard greens and cornbread and you know, black rice and con American families are different. We not, it's not the same concept of what American family is. It's all kind of people that are Americans these days. And we just gotta own up to it and invite these people to participate in our economy. My my my last question 'cause you know, I just wanted to cover some great things that you've done in Newark that I know you would implemented you a governor, the shaping the educational future of Newark. What did, what did you do to, to help that? Well, you know, the state was in control of our schools for 20 years. You know, when I was a vice principal, principal, teacher, you know, most of that time was under, well all of it was under state control.


We took the state, the schools back from the state when Chris Christie was the governor by the way. And got the schools back under the city's control. Since then, you know, we have been trying to help with childhood literacy, maternity help with maternity care and giving women access to opportunity for childcare and literacy. 'cause we want kids to start school ready to learn. That's really what we've been focusing on. Emini here, the school system is not under our control, but we are doing what we can to support what we think will help kids get a better education by preparing them for school before they start. All right. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Definitely make sure you go out support Mayor Ros Baraka. He will be the next governor of New Jersey.


We gonna put that in the air and thank you so much, brother. What's The website again? Yeah, Yeah. Ra for governor, the number four Ra Governor RA for governor. All right. It's Ro Baraka. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a P'S programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apu.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a Podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes starting January 14th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come. Come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's fourth production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.