
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I'm Israel Gutierrez And I'm hosting a new podcast. Dub Dynasty. The story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for what Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount West. Wha come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You feel this too, is a horror anthology podcast. It brings different creators to tell 10 vile No, no, no, no, no, no. Grotesque. Oh my God. Horrific stories on what scares them the most. You're feeling this too. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up In The morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DHA Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. My good sister, longtime friend Debbie Brown is back here. Good morning. Good morning y'all. Oh my God. How you feeling on book publishing day? Oh, I feel free. Mm. Yeah, I feel so free. I've had a lot of anxiety about it for the last few weeks. Why? You know. Well, it's like, you know that creative birthing and like, there's a lot of like vulnerable stories in it and you're like, did I do that? Should I have done this? But yeah, now I just feel free. It's here.


It's done. I'm proud of it. I feel great. Living In wisdom. A path to embodying your authentic self, Embracing Grief and Developing Self Mastery. Tell us about that title. Oof. You know, I think so just like being a healer, being someone that has been on their own spiritual journey for decades and being a teacher, I found that, you know, those are the three things that really give you a feeling of a well-lived life. Mm. You know, when we're looking for healing or when we're looking for self-actualization or self-awareness, all the things, whatever we're looking for, when it comes time to grow, it's like ultimately we're looking to be the embodiment of our authentic self.


To get past the performance of like who we say we are and actually get to the core. And then all of being alive is to have grief a part of that. You know, every day there is grief. And whether it's losing someone, which I'm sure all of us have or will 'cause that's what it is to be here. Or it's, you know, the daily grief of bearing witness to everything that's happening. Finding a way to embrace that grief is a part of what it is to be human is I think a really powerful shift in our growth. And then walking a pass path of self-mastery. Like looking to always, not necessarily like be better or prove things, but to just deepen in what you already are. Like mastery isn't perfection.


Mastery is like the slow process of excellence of self. You know? And only we kind of know what that process is inside. I wanna go back for, for people that don't know, Debbie's been here a long time ago, but for people that don't know who Debbie is, Debbie Brown is, I wanna start from the beginning. If you don't know, Debbie was a successful radio personality. One of the best and media personalities. And at the top of her game decided she didn't wanna do it anymore. Mm. It wasn't like she was pushed out. It wasn't like she had bad ratings. She just said, you know what? I don't wanna do it anymore. Top of her game. And then she started going on this healing journey. Deb, Debbie was out in the clubs. She might have got into a braw too, but we're not gonna go there.


Braw. I, no Idea. Debbie knows. I'm talking about, I no idea what's happening. What bra was Debbie Brown in? I don remember that one was no, it was this. This is a healing journey. So I wanna A rebirth. A rebirth I wanna go to, to, for people that don't know. What made you say, you know what? This industry is not for me. I want to give this up. You were doing radio, you were doing in different markets, you just had a baby. And yeah, just said, it's not for me at The top of your game, how, like, how did you go from a woman to radio to just like, no, I'm done with it. You know, I think and, and it's not even, first of all, I just have to say, and y'all know this, like to me radio is one of the most incredible sacred ways to broadcast because like, you're really in someone's head and body when you talk, right?


Yeah. Like, they connect you with their whole being. It's, I've always found it to be like a sacred responsibility that makes you good at like everything else. I think I realized that my purpose was evolving And I realized that a lot of the skills that I was amassing, like communication, connecting with people, building community, I just kept getting very, very clear direction from God that I was meant to do it differently and use it differently. And I felt like I personally was going through so much. Like, while I was still on the radio for many years, I was like kind of secretly, quietly getting certifications and like meditation and breath work and spiritual psychology.


Like, it was such a huge part of my off the air life. And I felt like, at least at that time, because I left the industry maybe almost 10 years ago, at that time, there was no blending of the two. You know? And I was having situations where I was having, wanting to have these deeper layered conversations and you know, I was being told by the people I worked with. Like, no one wants to hear that. Like, now we can't run that on the air. Like ask, ask more questions about dating, ask questions about beef ask, you know, and for whatever reasons it's like what I had to give and what I felt God wanted me to give it was not valued at the time. And so instead of kind of like sitting in that and, and you know, just going with the zeitgeist, I was just like, okay, so it's time to leave.


It's time to see what else I can be used for. How else does you know God wanna use me? And it was interesting 'cause there was like a breakthrough moment for me where Kendrick had come on my show And I had known Kendrick for a long, long, long, long, long time. The very beginning of his career. So we would always have really powerful, beautiful conversations. He's That Was in Houston, right? That was in Houston. He's brilliant. He's, you know, brilliant beyond belief. And we were talking about like depression on this episode and we were talking about suicide ideation and this was 2014. And people in my sphere didn't really see value in those questions or in the way that we were talking about things.


So, you know, I was kind of asked like, Hey, you can't, you can't share those parts of the interview on the radio. It's too long. It's too boring. Like we need to get to the music. And so I ended up throwing it all on YouTube And I got such a big response. Like so many people were saying, oh my God, like I've never heard anyone talk about that before. And that's how I feel. And then an editor from Vogue Magazine reached out to me like a couple days later and they're like, this is one of the best interviews we've seen. Like we want, we're doing a feature on him. And that was like my, that was such like a breakthrough moment for me. Wow. I was like, okay. Like if someone doesn't get it or you know, if you have this vision that isn't making sense to everyone right away, you just have to find your people.


You just have to keep being your authentic self and the people that are for you will find you. And that really gave me like, I was like, okay, I need to do something different. But I wanted to, I wanted to spend my life talking about wellness and healing and health and pain and grief and you know, all the ways to transcend. But you're so ahead of your time and now it's okay. Now people are vulnerable. Yeah. Would you see yourself coming back to doing radio? I love radio Because you were so ahead of your time. Now we have those conversations and it's not even a thing we talk about that people are vulnerable. It seems normal Almost. Well, she got to deeply well podcast. Yeah. Black Effect Network come through. That's right. Yes. And you know, the interesting thing about Dev, And I want people to know this.


Like, I met Devin, I think oh 7, 0 7, 0 8 0 7, the person dev is now, she's always been like, this is just a, to me, an evolution of who you've always been. You've always been the same one in the room. You know, the the one in the room that people can go to for, for, for sound advice. The leader in the room saying, Hey, let's go do this. We should be doing this. Like, I've, I've always felt that in you. I've always seen that in you. Why you don't work here If you, if you have order lay baby. Well, she was in New York. Yeah. She, she, she was sways co-host for a while. No, I'm saying why she don't work here at Fair East Side High IHeart.


We got a leader. Good. Y'all, when it comes to healing the way y'all have been healing in this room, I am just so impressed and inspired. Thank you. There have been some beautiful, transparent conversations. Yeah. To your point though, can I Just say like about you, like, I know people know this 'cause the people in your life like really hold you close and like really protect you, but you're just like an exceptional person and friend. Like, I'm so grateful for who you've been in my life for like thank You. Love you Almost two decades now. And it is like, when we first met, we had nothing Emini Here you were. How did y'all meet? She was working at Kday.


Yeah. You was the AP PD at Kday, right? Or Yeah. And you were on Wendy's show. Wendy Was syndicated. Yeah. And I was syndicated And I, I used to run the boards on her syndicated show and we would like talk through the mic and on MySpace. And then I think the first time you came to town, like I picked you up from the airport, Dev was like, you with me? We out and literally showed me la my introduction to LA came through Debbie Dev, everybody from Kendrick Lamar to Nipsey Hussle the glasses below strong. I'm steady gang. Where to eat, where to go. Dev was my tall guy. Wow. I had to check in with Dev. That was a perfect check. Checking with Them the way you doing. Keep checking in. Right.


But you, I love the chapter 15. 'cause it's, we're talking about that in a way. Heal and accept. Yeah. Talk to us why that's important that you have to heal and then accept, you know, I think that's what we did in this room. Yeah. We heal and accepted just for who she is. I'm just, or the other way around. Don't start, don't start her back up now. Start her back up. What? You know, this is the thing about healing, right? And I've, I've worked in wellness and wellbeing for over a decade now. And I work with clients directly. I, I do workshops, I've run retreats. I've had a lot of access to studies and data all around healing, around trauma, around all of it. And I found, you know, from my own journey and with others, it's like there is this misconception that you work on yourself to eventually be rid of everything that's ever happened to you.


And that then your life will be perfect. That you'll go to therapy, that you'll do somatic exercises, that you'll meditate and then one day you're gonna just like everything in life is gonna feel so happy. That's not God's design, right? Like no feeling is more holy than the other God wants us to know and experience and feel in real time. Everything that crosses our path. And that means grief, that means joy, that means, you know, jealousy, sometimes anger, that means fear. It's like all of it is part of the human experience. And so when it comes to healing, a, a huge part of it is also accepting that the past can't change for some of us.


That that can feel heartbreaking. Right? Like a lot of things have happened to so many of us. So hundreds of millions in your life that didn't get your consent. Maybe that you've never uttered aloud. You know, sometimes we carry things and we're thinking about and ruminating in thought our whole life about the things that have hurt us. And I think it's important for people to know. It doesn't mean you're broken or deficient or not healed because you still remember those things. It's really about changing the way you relate to them. Hmm. Some things will absolutely never change, but when you heal, it really gets transmuted into wisdom where it doesn't feel like this hard, full painful charge inside of your body.


Every time that memory comes up, you're able to kind of look at it from an observer standpoint and be like, that happened. Yeah. And that really hurt. And God, that was hard. And I have respect for what I've been through. I have self-respect for who I am and what I've moved myself through. When you talk about working on yourself, right, what does that mean for people, right? Yeah. When people say, I need to work on myself and then they come back 10 minutes, 10 hours later I worked on myself. I'm healed. I'm healed. Oh my God. So, so what does, so for somebody out there that says, you know, I need to work on on myself, what does that mean? God, that's such a good question. And like that I'm healed thing is so funny to me because people will go to one therapy session and be like, yeah microwaveable, I did it.


And it's like, actually it takes eight to 12 therapy sessions to have like a real, you know, cognitive breakthrough or you know, you read one book and it's like, yeah, yeah I do this because this happened to me and that's who I am. I think self-awareness. But when you're looking to work on yourself to transcend your experiences, there's a difference. Like Instagram has given us so much language. A lot of people are using it to manipulate now. I Hate the language when it's used the wrong way. Hate it. I know. Like it bothers the issue outta me. Yeah. It drives me nuts because it's dangerous. Like, to be clear, I agree it's dangerous. People using certain mental health language that haven't done the work, that don't know the work, it's a manipulation tactic.


It can be very harmful for people can be very narcissistic so that none of those things are like devoid in the spiritual or the mental health space. All that same stuff still exists. But when it comes to like working on yourself, I think at the base level it's noticing how do you feel when it's just you with you. If there is anything inside of you that feels unmet, unexpressed, unheard. If there's anything inside of you where you feel anxiety, there is a charge in your chest or there is a rejection or a cringe, those are things to notice. 'cause it's information that maybe something wants to rise to the surface for your review.


And I think when we're working on ourselves, it's really about being willing to look at the truth of what is, it doesn't have to be perceived as positive or negative, it's just what is true right now. And then being honest with yourself about it. And if we try to avoid those things, yeah, you can move through life. You can probably still have a lot of success in life, but the quality of your life goes down, the quality of your interior world really goes down and you're not really able to tap into like the truth of why you're here, to your purpose to, you know, and this doesn't matter to everybody, but it matters to me the truth of your connection to God.


You know, all of that kind of goes mute and it goes numb when you avoid yourself when you tap into yourself. I think a lot of people think, oh it's gonna hurt too much or I'm gonna open that door And I won't be able to close it. But you're hurting anyway. Right? Like at least there is an outcome to be had by choosing to direct some of your attention inward. Well talk about some of the, the, the mental health and mental health things that you've been talking about that I feel have been commercialized to a point where people are using these terms but they don't really mean it. Right? Yeah. So, so talk about that a little bit about to make Dev go off now. Yeah, no, I wanna talk about No 'cause it really bothers me 'cause I hear people using these terms And I'm sure they don't even know what these terms mean. Yeah, right. Like you saying somebody I, you just gaslit me.


Yeah. And I feel like sometimes it actually stops a conversation. 'cause sometimes when people hear those words they automatically say, oh I ain't fucking with that. I'm not talking about that. Especially in a workplace where you can't have a normal conversation if somebody says something. 'cause now when you hear those terms, that also comes after human resources. You know what, Emini here. Absolutely. Yeah. Emini here. There's just so much and, And I think people should really do like a lot of deeper layers of research, right? Like I think the internet is phenomenal in that, you know, it's the last five years our consciousness has raised so much since the pandemic because we have had access to understand, hey, a lot of people have experienced trauma or a lot of people have experienced life frictions or, you know, deeply challenging relationships.


But everyone is stopping at like one graphic, right? Like they're stopping at reading one thing or asking chat GPT one question and then they leave it there, you know? And it's like, like, so I think a lot of terms like understanding, like a lot of people are overusing the term like narcissist or narcissism, right? Not getting your way with someone or someone kind of even being self-focused, like every single person alive has some layer of narcissistic behavior. That's part of like the human expression too. It's some self focus, but narcissistic abuse is something entirely different.


And those that have experienced understand, like you get C-P-T-S-D from it, you get PTSD from it, you have changes in your body, your health decreases, like it is a psychological warfare that is insidious and can dramatically change the trajectory of your life. Now if that level of feeling isn't really happening to you, it may not be narcissistic abuse, you know? And so I think we just need to go deeper into the layers of the things that we're learning. And I will say people that misuse language or use it as tools of avoidance, typically those are the people that, you know, usually are on the other side and fit the other kind of definitions for those things.


Behavior is behavior, right? And I think now something I'm excited about is so many of us are spending more time with ourselves, getting more clear, meditating or getting into nature, which really connects you to your intuition, to your gut response in a really deep way. It regulates your nervous system. When your nervous system is regulated, you're able to see things a lot more clearly. You're able to make a lot better choices in real time. And so usually interactions with people like that, that are throwing out misused language that are, you know, manipulating, usually you can handle those situations completely different or get away from them a lot quicker.


One thing you told me one time that, you know, makes so much sense, And I love the fact that you give so many actual examples of how to do it. In the book you told me that when it comes to the language, you can have the language and know what it is you're dealing with. But a lot of people avoid the actual healing. Yeah. The healing work. Yeah. So if you, if you read the book, there's a lot of different exercises that can walk you through that actual healing process. Why do you think, you know, people forget the healing part once they go to therapy because It's hard, you know? And I think it, and that's the thing that I I really speak to very clearly in in my book. It's like all of this is hard. There is no tip or trick to heal from challenging experiences, right?


Like, I'm not gonna tell you, all right, do this five minutes every day. Yes, five minutes every day will build your capacity, but you need to stretch past the five minutes to devote actual real time to the changes you wanna see in your life. And so, you know, something i I talk about in the book is like there's a, a huge difference between having self-awareness and having Higher Consciousness or being embodied in your self-awareness. Self-awareness is having the terms, it's going to a couple therapy sessions perhaps or reading a bunch of self-help books and saying like, this is, this is what happened and this is why I act like this and this is why this is this. But it doesn't mean you're changing any of it, right?


Like it doesn't mean you're taking it to the next step to behave differently or to invite in different experiences with people. And that comes through practice. That comes through process. And so in this book I talk about a lot like how to get out of your way. A lot of people have a lot of sophisticated language around avoiding themselves. You can avoid yourself with anything. You can avoid yourself with therapy. You're seeing the same therapist for 10 years and nothing in your life changes what's going on in there. You know? Or if you, you know, I see a lot of people avoid themselves with religion. You can be a part of a church, you can go there on Sundays and you can still not know God.


You can still not make better choices, right? It is daily practice. It is showing up in your interpersonal relationships. It is having the hard conversations in real time as they come up and just being present with all of it without expectation, you know, without trying to control it or make it go your way. And so in the book we have a lot of practices, like I teach meditation in the book. We work with mudras in the book, which are hand positions that can really elevate your meditation practice because your hand positions open different energy channels in your body. There is breath work that can be done in the book and every single one of those practices anchors in the changes that you wanna experience because it shows you how to regulate when you do get triggered when you do have charge.


And so both are needed. You have to have the cognitive and you have to have the somatic, you have to have the spiritual, you have to have the physical, all of it kind of beautifully goes together. So you don't think that people can heal themselves though? Like for instance, right? Like let's Just say me for say I'm going through. Yeah. You know, a lot, I've experienced a lot of trauma. Right. And just, just an example, I'm gonna just use myself like, and I'm constantly going through therapist after therapist, after therapist. Yeah. Okay. I've even changed churches and everything and nothing, nobody else seems to help me. Yeah. But I can find that on my own.


Like, is there, do you believe that people can heal themselves without church or without any higher being or without, you know, any type of drug, you know, what Emini here or, or also any therapy. Like do you think people can change themselves, heal themselves? So in two ways. So based on my belief, I, I think that God has to be a part of the equation. That's my belief. That is my higher being the God of my understanding, right? I think we can each have that, right? 'cause God can look and be different for everyone. It doesn't have to be in the confines of any set religion. I'm certainly not within any set religion. But I do think there has to be something that expands your understanding of what all of this is.


And I think that that is hard to do without connecting to something that is bigger than you. That piece aside, I would say absolutely people can heal themselves. I don't think you necessarily even have to go anywhere unless there is another layer of need there, right? If there is a mental health condition, a disorder, if there are some situations like really severe trauma that you cannot understand on your own, I absolutely think people should continue to, to find all the resources that can meet their need. Jump in and out of them. If it doesn't work, leave it. You know, trust your gut on that. But yeah, we are our own healers.


Yeah. A hundred percent of the time. I think this book, it's about self-healing. It's not saying go, go to this person, go to that person, get this done. I've done a ton of stuff, you know, I've done everything. I've done all kinds of therapies. I have done certifications, I have done a lot of psychedelics. I have done a lot of meditation. I've, I've spoken with a lot of people, shamans, healers, so, so much. So much, so much. Yeah. But it still comes down no matter what to how willing I am to be fully myself. It still comes down no matter what, to how willing I am to sit with myself.


Especially in the dark periods and the dark moments and how, how much self-respect I can really gather for myself and what I've been through and experienced. I learned to meditate because of Deb. It was two December, 2020 that was, yeah, it was 2020 because it was covid. And that was like the first time we traveled and we went to, that Was the best trip. It was Amazing. I went to Cabo for a week with dev and like dev had like a bunch of activities. What would you call 'em? Devs just, it was like a spiritual retreat. It was just a bunch of activities. We were doing yoga And I learned how to meditate on that trip. I could not still quiet my brain, have my brain still ever. But for whatever reason in that moment, I, I was able to meditate and I've been doing it ever since.


Oh, It was so amazing. Wonder. We did, yeah. We did reiki, we did did re energy healing. Reiki. Yep. Little mushrooms. Yep. We did meditation, yoga Wise meditation. So important. Oh my god. You know, And I think in, in some other maybe wisdom traditions, some people might relate to it, if you call it reflection or if you call it moments for contemplation. But meditation is the master healer. 'cause it gets you out of your identity. And our identity is almost a hundred percent made from like all of the culturally created beliefs that we have or our beliefs from our family of origin or you know, the things that we're influenced by, by society.


And so when you're able to get out of all those extra layers of like what your titles are, you know what the role you play. I'm a husband, I'm a wife, I'm a someone's child, brother, sister, friend. When you take yourself out of all of that, you actually get to glimpse like, what am I designed to be? What, what was God's intention for me? Of me before I fit into anybody's box or any relationship? And so the thing about meditation And I, I really wanna share this, you know, I believe in trauma-informed practice and it's a little bit different to hold that space within the healing community than if you're not. It's recognizing that a lot of people will have barriers to almost every healing modality that comes up because of some of the things that they may have experienced.


So in meditation, you're going through so many layers and the first time you try the first several times you try, it could be so hard and frustrating and anger inducing and irritating to sit down and be still. And it could bring up everything and make you feel like you're failing at it. And then you wanna stop and then let me go do things I'm actually good at. You know, that Is literally me. Yeah. Yeah. That is, I feel like I'm missing out on doing something or I could, I could be doing this with this time or it's not working it like, so I grow to be frustrated when I try to, yeah. Meditate man. So I just be smoking Me too and that. Yeah. Well Emini here, that too, smoking and meditate is like a great little collaboration and yoga and stretching.


But I'm so glad you said that because I think that is almost everyone's response. But especially if you have been through hard things. And what I want everyone to know is that phase passes. And that's part of what doing the work is right? It's being patient with yourself and witnessing yourself. Especially when you don't wanna do it. And it's saying like, God, I'm sitting here And I hate this. This is stupid. Yeah, I don't wanna do this. Breathe. Breathe. Okay, okay. Wiggle release. Open your body. Like you start meeting those feelings with things that harmonize that experience for you.


And part of what you're doing when you do that is you stretch your capacity to be patient with yourself. You stretch your capacity to be present in your life, but you also stretch your capacity for self-compassion. So all those little adjustments you make in meditation when you first start, like connect to your breath, take a deep breath with your eyes closed, try to look at your nose. That's something that can focus you relaxes your body. Okay, I'm getting tense. Lower my shoulders, release my stomach, release my breath. You're teaching yourself how to regulate your discomfort. Mm. So when we say things like, you know, you know, do it.


Do it when you're uncomfortable or uncomfortable, things stretch you. They only stretch you if you learn how to settle into them. And so that building a practice for your wellness is how you settle into it. Once you settle into it, there's another level to go to. So after you get past that, which you can and will, which I was in the same place, I hated it, I would stop for months at a time and reject it. When I first started my practice, the Beads and the mantra helped me. Yes, that what Emini here working with am maah working with a mantra, a Sanskrit word or something that that is valuable to you. You know, the next layer would be, you might start crying a lot in meditation. Yeah. That usually gets people to stop, right?


You might notice that, oh my god, I'm still like close my eyes now all these tears come up. The first thing you're thinking is, what is wrong with me? Why is this happening? Well, everything that was suppressed, you know, everything that you haven't had the time to deal with, probably for decades now you're still enough that it has a chance to rise to the surface. It's not bad that it's rising to the surface, it's coming up for your review so you can release it or so you can accept it. So then you get into this kind of like double Dutch cadence with your meditation practice where you're like, okay, I wanna pull back, let me come back in. Like you're, you're in flow. You're going back and forward. And so the more you allow your,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Yo, it's your boy Bohan And I'm bringing you something Epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go


Self to see, like, I don't wanna think about this, but it did happen And I, I can move through this. Breathe into it. Breathe into it. Grace for yourself, compassion for yourself, presence for yourself. You get past that point and it'll take months. It'll take time, it'll still come up sometimes. And then you get to the next layer of meditation. And I found that that next level of meditation is when you're actually starting to crave it. Like you're like, okay, let me go sit down. Oh, I finally get to be quiet. Yeah, I finally get to be still. Ah, I feel so good when I breathe. Like, you know, you get to all these different levels, but eventually the level you're aiming for is like higher and Higher Consciousness.


Higher Consciousness means a greater ability to be what you are designed to be on earth. And to also extend love and goodwill and compassion and power and influence to others for the higher good of of all concerned. Yeah. I was gonna ask, with all that, does Debbie still get upset or, or do you control yourself to the point where you don't get upset anymore? She's a Gemini. That's Tupac Chopra. Okay. It's two sides. Gemini. Are you about to lose it? Do you meditate? Do you pull the beads out? Do you like or do you sometimes you just explode. Oh my god. Yeah. I have bad days all the time.


Sometimes I, I book a session at a rage room. Like I have a rage room near my house. You go in, you get a crowbar or a bag. Really? Oh my god. You pay them like 20 bucks. They give you a carton of like plates and old electronics. You put on some music and then you throw things and you Remember that for next time, Jess, you don't have to put your silk scarf on. You don't have to Go live. Just go to rage. Go do not make the breakfast of your rage room. I was gonna say, only if y'all go with me. Yeah, But is that how you messed up your shoulder? No. Jesus. We getting mad. Yeah. Damn. Tore my rotator cuff. Yes. Right, right at the start of your book tour.


How is that? I am, God has given me accelerated healing. Okay. I'm so grateful. But you know, and I'm grateful for the surgery and for modern medicine and all the things, but no, I still absolutely get disappointed, get mad, get upset. I think the reaction time is a lot less, the personalization of it is a lot less. I can get upset at something in more of an abstract observation way without thinking that someone is injuring me. Even if that is what they're attempting to do. I can recognize maybe the deeper layers doesn't mean I'm not gonna be upset or disappointed, but I'm not holding it inside. It's definitely not something I'm thinking about for multiple days.


You know, I can kind of take it in, release it or the way it feels, you know? 'cause sometimes you're gonna be angry about stuff that doesn't change. That can't change The World is unfair, you know? It. It is. It just is. And I think I'm an acceptance of that. So I know things aren't always gonna go my way. I'm not now all of a sudden I've meditated so much that oh no more challenges in life for me. Like no, it's hard. But the way that it feels inside, the level of spiritual confidence you have in yourself to meet that challenge changes dramatically. And I think that you can compartmentalize it differently.


You can hold that that unique experience is happening, but it doesn't now have to pull away and take away from all the other good. That's in my life too. And I think like my book is really about holding space equally for grief and joy. Life is grief and joy all at once. But yeah, you get mad, but you have other tools for working with that feeling. You're not taking it out on other people. Right. You're not taking it out on yourself. You're not now being rude to whatever person is in front of you because of it. You know, you're not causing harm because of your feeling. Yeah. You know, in the grieve chapter you talk about how you can't heal and tell you grief. Yeah.


Can you expound on that? Oh My God. It's acceptance. You can't heal what you don't let be revealed. You know, you can't heal what you don't spend time with. And I think grief is a hard feeling. It's hard. All of us have had it. Even the good stuff can be, I, my son is gonna be seven next month. I love you Quest when you see this in the future land. You are my baby Five nine by the way, seven years old, five nine. He's a big boy. I grieve who he was last year. I'll never see that guy again. You know, like there that, there is a real sadness to that. Yeah. Emini here, you're, you're an incredible father envy.


And I know like you see your kids at so many different ages now. There's grief to that, all those different chapters of who they are, who they're becoming, you know? So I think nothing can be healed until we grieve it. Because we have to be with the truth of our spiritual curriculum. We cannot avoid whatever was designed meant to be a part of our lives. And I just wanna hold space for the fact that even saying those words, it is okay that there is a rejecting. Because there are certain things that happen to us that there is no clear way that you could say that's God's design. Right? Like there are certain things that happen and it feels so much better to like attribute it to how wrong things are or the evilness of The World.


And so there's nuance in that and that that is its own lifetime of work to come into, right? Yeah. So there's no quick fix for some of those harder abusive stories of things that have happened. But you have to let yourself feel whatever is true in your body, whatever is present from that point. You get to choose what the next path is and what the next step is. But yeah, no healing. No, no. True, authentic joy or happiness can come if you avoid absolutely anything. But you Use some language in the book Living it Wisdom. That's what we're talking about. You said grief is a rite of passage. Yeah. That was like, wow.


I think, you know, And I, I speak as someone that darkness has been a big teacher for me in my life. And that's not everyone's path, but it's mine and it's some other people's, you know, having, having some childhood trauma, having adult trauma, having witnessing hard things, losing people, you know, I started to look at my life and say, it feels so dark. I don't look like that. You know, sometimes not looking like what you've been through is kind of a curse. Mm. Because people think nothing's wrong. No one checks on you. Yeah. You know, but it's like when I started to realize that pain serves purpose and Emini here, that literally like pain sometimes is the servant to purpose.


Like when you can look at it, when you can be with it, when you can kind of extract yourself from the personalization of it, it can be really useful for you and for me, you know, my path has always been to be a healer, to be a teacher, to be present with people in pain, to sit at the bottom of the ocean with someone. So now I realize I needed every lesson I learned because it informs the work that I'm able to do. So I think once you're able to start seeing even your harder experiences as some being useful for the bigger story that your life is telling, right? For the bigger thing that you're doing in The World, I think it changes everything.


And with that being said, I love that you celebrated your book and your garden. Yeah. And you co-hosted it with Lauren London. Yes. My sister. So, okay. So you guys are friends. Yeah. How would you know? 'cause she's been through traumatic Yeah. Experience, you know, a big traumatic experience with losing the love of her life. A book like this would be like medicine to what she's gone through. How was that event like when you celebrate how Yeah, how was that? Oh my God. 'cause I know you, you can see the healing directly in her 'cause she's your friend. Oh God. I just have to say one. Lauren is an exceptional woman. Like she's an exceptional woman with like one of the sweetest, kindest like hearts you could ever imagine.


Like I've just like, she's just one of the kindest, most generous, heart-centered women I have ever had. The pleasure of like being in sisterhood with, I think y'all sisters, I'm gonna be honest with you, This is my personal opinion. There's a, we found out we were born in the same hospital. There's a lot that is the, that is similar, but I, she's actually the first person I let read the book. Mm. And it's because she is also such a wise woman who has done so much of her own self-work and self-healing. Like she is very gifted and wise. And so I wanted her eyes on it her first. 'cause I knew she could understand the layers, you know, the complexity, the nuance of grief. And so, you know, as she was reading it, she would just call me every few days and just be like, oh my god, you know, this is amazing.


Or this part meant this to me. So it was really special. And then, you know, and she offered to do something with me for the launch of the book. We had this gorgeous party in my garden. Gardening was such a healer for me. Like, and, and that also I wanna say, I think is such a big antidote for grief and antidote for healing. The more you can add romance to your own life, man or woman, the more you can add beauty to your life with intention, the easier healing becomes. And it's also a scientific fact. Like beauty, seeing beauty, seeing design, it can heal. It's why even in some hospitals they have like healing gardens.


So there's colorful flowers or access to sunlight or being able to see growth. It changes the things inside of us. So yeah. So she healed that beautiful day. She came and hosted that beautiful day in my garden. And we had so many people there and so many people in the healing community. And it was just, yeah. There was no feeling like it, it was so special and so free Bad. I love that garden. I think that's the last time I saw, I think the last time I saw jazz live was in your garden. I have a picture of that night. Yeah. Yep. We all, we actually all recorded a podcast. Please don't ever put that up. So Yeah, I can't. It's too incriminating. No, we very off bridge.


No, But that was a great, it was a great, it was a great night though. I just, I don't know, when you was just talking about the garden, I'm just like, yeah, yeah. The importance of that is just to have a safe space. Yeah. A safe sacred place. A safe, a safe sacred place. You knows you Are not good with the S's back check. No, don't do that. That's not safe. Okay. Yeah. Which You, you also, you dedicated your book And I, I'm probably gonna pronounce her name wrong, to Ma Hascal May. Haskell May Haskell. Yeah. And I didn't know who that was until I went to go look it up. And she was a, a young woman who was dismembered and Encino. What made you want to dedicate the book to her? And you said, I pray you are free.


I have to be really careful talking about this because the trial hasn't begun yet. Gotcha. She was a beautiful woman. I had the privilege and the pleasure of meeting when my son started kindergarten and our boys were friends. And so my son is in first grade, so this just happened last year. And you know, I'm sure the parents listening, like when your kids are in kinder, like you're still very connected to the other families, right. Because the kids can't communicate on their own. So you're creating the play dates. You guys are getting together for all the birthday parties, like you are seeing each other almost seven days a week.


And she was the mother of this sweet, beautiful little boy that was in class with my son and two other sons. And her husband is currently incarcerated for allegedly murdering her and her parents. And her body was completely dismembered. Her head was taken, her limbs were taken and not recovered. Her parents were dismembered and then their bodies were dispersed in the trash cans in my neighborhood.


Hmm. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. There are whores in this world. You know, I dedicated my book to her for so many reasons. But it's really just like, if someone takes your whole family, who remembers you? You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I wanted to just honor the fact that she was here, that she was alive, and that I will be thinking about her every day of my life. Mm mm Wow.


Living in wisdom, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. Devy Brown is out today. I got a lot more questions. I just don't know. I, I should, I know Emini here. I should have saved that one. Maybe we should go somewhere else. I do. Well, okay. Wsa. Yeah. Does everybody need to have a purpose? I think everybody does have a purpose. I think what we get wrong is that purpose has to be quantified by something or that it has to make money. You know, I think just like so many words are being appropriated right now within mental health. I think other words are being used for performance, for really self validation sometimes. Or ego, right? Yeah. Like you hear people, well my purpose is this and my, or you know, what's my purpose?


And it's just another thing that you are kind of misp pouring yourself into purpose in my belief is simply, you know, it is your lived experience and the wisdom you've gleaned from it. It's the skills you've amassed in any and everything you could have ever done. It's your innate gifts, you know, the things that you have that God gave you. And it's then using it to serve, putting it back into service for others. And so, you know, it's like I could say my purpose is talking, right? Because I was a broadcaster for years. I lead meditation, I communicate all the things, but really, like, I look at my purpose as like being able to be in darkness with people.


You know, I think my life's greatest purpose is the fact that like, I'm not afraid of the dark And I can be in darker moments and not recoil with other people. That I can hold space for that. And I think, you know, that may not be the most glorious purpose. It's not the thing that's maybe gonna land me on a billboard, but it's the thing that like God trained me for. It's the thing that my life has bloomed into. And I love it. I love that. I love how you break that down. And also you spoke to how people overuse words. Because half the time people don't even know how to answer that question. Well, what is your purpose? I, I remember I was watching one of my friends on a live like ask a guy, like she need, she said in order to date somebody they have to know their purpose.


Like, but you know, she was on live with certain people and the guy was like, I don't even know what you talking about when you say that. And so in return she said he was dumb, but it was like, nah, he really didn't know. Yeah. What that mean? Like me, I still don't know what my purpose is. Emini here, I'm, I'm grateful for the woman that yeah, I'm becoming and my spiritual growth and everything, but I still don't know what my purpose is. And what if it's not just one thing? You know what Emini here. Exactly. And that's the thing. It's not Yeah, it's not. You know, and like it's okay if finding your purpose takes your whole life. Yes. It's the point of being alive. Like why do we think we have to move so quickly through everything? That's the validation piece, right? Yeah. Like that's the wanting to be seen in it or celebrated for it.


But like, if it's your life's work, it is supposed to take your whole life. Yeah, that's right. Because my mother-in-law, my husband's mother, he, she literally just told me, she just found out what her purpose is and that is to take care of, like, to oversee her granddaughter. I just gave her a beautiful granddaughter, her fir very first grandchild. And that's what she said holding a baby like a few months ago. Oh, I know what my purpose is now is to be here with my family and to take care of my family. 'cause she was living out the country for decades. You see, Please, no, that was him. That's him. He started what just happened? He started it. Why didn't let you have this moment started?


I didn't say anything. I didn't say Anything. You see, we can't him tell about Debbie Hill. That's right. Him. We have her mother-in-law, Mexican. Okay. I don't don't, I'm What we talking That's what Emini here. You know, They trying to say, I Think that's her purpose Too, because of ICE being bought. No, we ain't got nothing to do. No ice. No. What you talking About? She came back. No, Don't have nothing to do. She came back over here To take care of my child and they, every day they joke about her being sent back. W And I don't know what it, What. Yes. Literally. So you know. Oh man, Emini here. I understand the friction in this room.


Yeah. I, I get why They just have to grow up because damn. Is there anything else you wanted to give her? I don't wanna, I don't even wanna talk about it anymore. Thank you Deb. Thank you So much. But no, you do say in the book that, that you cannot have purpose without wisdom and you can't have purpose or wisdom without acknowledgement of every single experience. Yeah, yeah. Acceptance. Acknowledge your life. You know, this is the thing like, And I think for people that go through things, which is all of us, as soon as it switches and you start to have respect for yourself for how you move through something, it changes everything. So it's like lean into your lived experiences.


If you're not thinking about your hardest experiences, you're leaving something on the table. Like you're leaving a lot of abundance on the table because those are our keys. Those are our keys to the next level. Those are our keys to deeper layers of our own self. I remember you told me that one time and it really did help change my life and just the way I look at things. 'cause it's like, I remember you told me every single version of you deserves grace. Every version of you deserves love. Every version of you deserves that healing. And I just, when I, when you told me that, I'm like, yo, because you know, we all try to run from certain parts of our lives and it's just like, no, you was that person. You, you should embrace that person, my God, and give that person Grace.


Oh my God. And look how much Emini here. If I could, if y'all would allow. Like even just when I see the two of y'all, especially 'cause I've known y'all for long and seen you over so many different versions while also being, you know, at the top of your game. It's like something I've always admired, especially the last 10 years about you envy is like the way you and your wife have moved through The World is so powerful. And it is so healing for so many people. And to see the way that you both decided to look at one another in your hardest moments and seek whatever needed to be done, no stone left unturned to repair your hearts and to then continue to be phenomenal parents to your children.


It's like that is a literally an example of what it is to like glean the wisdom from your experiences and turn it into purpose. Like that pain point for the two of you, because you chose to be with it, to look at it, to feel everything that was in it. Look how many lives you've blessed. You know, it's like the count will go on and on until the end of time. Like someone could find your books in 50 years and it could be radically transformative for them. Like that is dealing with your hard experiences and the darker points and transmuted it into purpose and making it wisdom. The same Emini here. So many experiences with you as well.


And when you think even just from a career standpoint and all the ways that you've elevated and grown every step of the way, you have taken accountability for every version of who you are. And then you've literally shown up as the proof of who you've become. You know, not just tongue in cheek. Like you're not just saying that like, it's like you have always become a new version and then paid everything forward. And I think that's the living example of exactly what I'm saying. Hmm. I do wanna ask you one more thing for you. Go Dev, because we talk about you being on radio and there's certain moments like this morning where I'm like, I do wonder what Dev would think about this. And it was in regards to Kanye, right?


And you know, Kanye last week he posted, oh, my mother was a lesbian. Then this week he posted that he sucked his cousin's penis, you know, till he was 14. And in my mind, I'm like, if you're not going to go get help, Kanye, what are we supposed to do with this information? I wonder what, what, what do you think? Mm. I that's a hard question to answer 'cause I don't wanna be someone to give anybody a diagnosis, right? Like, that is not my profession. That's not my right. In the past, And I don't know if he still identifies in this way in the past, he has made mention that he does have mental illness. So here's the thing that I think we all really need to be a lot more real about.


What is the difference between like mental health and mental illness? What is the difference between like giving someone grace because they have anxiety and you know, they're struggling and actually giving grace to people that may be mentally ill? Hmm. Nothing in his behavior seems odd to me if I look at it through that lens. And so if we see it through that lens, and again, I don't know what or if there are any diagnosis present in his life, but if that was the case, we have to be honest about that. And we have to be honest about how we receive and experience people.


If someone is ill in that way, no. Perhaps they can't do better. No, perhaps they can't get help. If you are just suffering in your mental health, but you are not mentally ill, it is a lot easier and more possible to get help and change certain dynamics of yourself if you actually have illness, that's something else entirely. And so I think that is, that's something I would like to see change in the kind of like mainstream conversations as we talk about people like who, who is ill and does not have the ability to make different choices. Especially if they're having a big response in their illness and who is just not getting help because they don't feel like it or want to or there's ego involved.


So, you know, that is my thought on that. It's, it's been so hard to watch, you know, I think for a lot of us, and it's been going on for a long time, but it's like this is someone that also added a lot of joy to a lot of our lives, right? Yeah. Like when I think of the graduation album that's like when we first met, I was so broke and so confused and so like, and that album gave me hope, you know? And so it's hard to watch who he's become 'cause I don't agree with so much of his behavior.


Absolutely. All right, Debbie Brown, living in wisdom, A path to embodying your authentic self, Embracing Grief and Developing Self Mastery available everywhere. You buy books now go pick it up. That's right. Go. If you love the sound of Deb's voice, if you miss her on the radio, you can go get the audio version as well and make sure you subscribe to her podcast to deeply well podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. Absolutely. Dev, you already know I love you to death. I love you. Thank you for those con thank you so much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Three. I love you big fan. She was Justin. She was singing your praises for a while. Even I was before we hired. Yes. I was texting him all the time. I was like, she is amazing. Oh my God, thank you. And I also have to say, I just wanna say like for you, thank you for what you give to The World and thank you for the example you show up in like you're an amazing mom, an entrepreneur, and incredibly talented and gifted woman across fields.


Thank you. And you're doing all of it, you know, And I think that, that no one can really understand how hard that is. Yeah. Especially as a mom to give your kids the love they deserve and show up in your purpose for other people. So thank you. Thank you Debbie. Alright. Appreciate you and thank you Debbie for being you who you are. Thank you. Debbie Brown. Debbie Brown, thank you. And I still remember that conversation we had last time. Appreciate You. I don't remember her knocking nobody up. That never happened. Do we have to to get back to that? I don't remember that. I don't remember that. Give each other grace. Even the oldies. It's The Breakfast Club all the mornings. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast


Club. The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people


From the producers who brought you Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The setup follows A lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like you. You Like Me. He actually is too good to be true. This is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. You can do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You feeling this too is a horror anthology podcast. It brings different creators to tell 10 vile, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Grotesque. Oh my God. Horrific stories on what scares them the most. Please go watching You're feeling this too. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez And I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, Once again, our NBA Champions. Today, the Warrior's Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that. Mount Rushmore, Come revisit this Magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.