
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long, Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you.


Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David o Ho, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ JN Envy. Jess hilarious, Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Fill it in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. We have BMA St. John, welcome back. How are you? Thank you. Thank you. I'm doing all right. Good. How you feeling? Good to see you. Thank you. Nice to see you. I'm sending you positive energy. Ooh. And love and light, because are, you know, we just saw that you lost your house in the LA Wildfire. Yes. Right. In Malibu. Yeah. In Malibu. And you said you found out on social Media? Yes. Found out on Twitter. A video. Yikes. Yeah, somebody just driving down PCH and I was like, oh, that's my intersection. Oh shit. There's no house. Damn.


Wow. Wow. Yeah. Did you get a chance to go back to see what, whatever was there to rubble, if you could find Anything? No, I haven't. I haven't been able to be back yet. So it's like, you know, everybody's just waiting to see when we're allowed to go back and see what is left. Although, you know, there's nothing left. But I think there's still something about the grief process where you just need to see it. Right. Just to know yourself. That it's totally gone. I was Gonna ask you that. Do you feel like, is it, is it a grief? It is a grief. Mm. Yeah, because it's a loss. It's a big loss. You know, it's like, I think, you know, people have said things like, oh, well, at least you have your life and you know, it's just things and you can replace it. I'm just like, you know how long it took me to get there? Mm, Yeah. Yeah. 25 years. Yeah. Of hard work.


Did you lose pictures, passports? Yes. All that. All like, so many things. But when, when you evacuated, what were you able to grab, if anything? Nothing. Well, first of all, I wasn't even in the country you were in. I was in Zambia. Yeah. Your birthday, right? Yes. Happy belated. Thank Bel you so much. Happy belated 22. Yeah, thank you. Ooh, that's a lie. But it was like, it was just, it was so scary and overwhelming because, you know, all you know is that the fires are coming. You don't know which direction they're going in. And the evacuations happen so quickly that you know the people who are in their homes. Like really, you don't have time to think. I think we've all had that moment, right? Where you've been like, oh, you know, it's like, if, if there was something, like who would you save?


Or what would you take? And you make those theories, but in reality it doesn't work like that. There's just panic. And for me, since I was so far away, there was really nothing I could do. Wow. And who was I gonna send to go get my stuff? I was gonna do that. You know? So you gotta let it burn. Did you see on online, which I thought was, was, was horrible and distasteful. People were saying, you know, when rich people or wealthy people were losing their cribs, good for them. They could get another one. And all that, you know? And I'm thinking like, it doesn't matter if you are wealthy, if you're not you, you're losing things that care and mean the most to you. So, so, so how did you feel when you seeing that? Like now you just lost your, all your property, you lost all your things, and then you see this online. Well, it pisses Me off. 'cause it's like, who you think gave me the house? Right?


Mm. Yo you, you think somebody just came here and gave me the house. You don't know that I worked for it. So what if you worked for it? You should just lose it and it should be all right. No, of course. I'm sad. I cry. I am mad. You know? It's like, yes, of course I'm in a better position because I will be able to replace things. I will be able to rebuild. But who wants to do that? That's right. You know, we got enough going on. I don't wanna have to do that too. Like, can't I get some peace? Just want some rest. And so it's like, it, it makes me upset when people say stuff like that. What was the most important thing, or the one thing that you, you are so upset that you couldn't get, or that you, you missed out on man, or you lost? You know, to be honest with you, I haven't even really thought that far into it. I think it would be too overwhelming for me right now.


Mm. You know, to, but like, what happens is that every once in a while I'm just like, oh, damn, that thing was over there. That was there. You know what Emini here, like, I, I, you know, I go reach for something And I just like, it is gone. You know? Yeah. And that's the part that is really upsetting because it could be such small things, you know? And then there's like the really big stuff that, you know, you can't replace. You know, me and my wife were, were talking the other day when we seen all, we were like, you know, what would we grab? Like, we try, we tried to start setting things up in the house, right? And then she's like, well, I gotta go get the photo albums. I gotta get the pictures. I need the memories. And then she was like, but damn, what about my, the kid's first outfit? You wanna be able to pass that on. And then you're thinking, what about this? How About the kids? Y'all got 13 of 'em. You what's just two of y'all?


How's she dealing with all of this? Because she's, you know, she's young and explaining it to her, She's 15. And I think it's Emini here. It's a tough time. You know, it's already, you're already a teenager with all the, all these emotions going on, you know? But she has friends who've also lost their houses. So at least she has some community that she can talk to about shared experience. But, you know, how do you comfort a child who's like, well, what, what, what if fire comes again? You know? Then what? So it's just a tough thing. So You show what happens to school. Show up. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. I was gonna happen. So what happens with school and, and living? I don, well, first of all, was that me your main house? 'cause you, you got money where you No, it Was my second House. Your second house? Okay. That for you all Love it for you.


Thank you, Sis. So you Say Definitely not gonna feel sorry for you on Twitter. Now they definitely, I feel like anybody, the only reason why I say that with you, Emini here, I don't know any of the other celebrities personally. But for me, when I moved to LA you were one of the girls that like a lot of us were watching, like when you were in marketing and now you're on the show and you worked hard for what you had. Yeah. So I love the, it's my second house. And you can still go through things as well. So, Exactly. And the thing is that the second house, it's like, look, I still had to fight for that house. Absolutely. I still had to battle racist neighbors for that house. Cancel. I still had to put my house in a trust inside of a trust, so nobody would know a single black woman was buying the house. And so I'm like, yes, it's my second house, but like, look, I should have a third house. I should have a fourth house.


All these people get it, so why can't I have it? You right. And so, yeah, I get pissed when it's like, people are like, oh, well that's all right. You know, you have another one. Nah, I want more and we deserve more. So it's like when I get it and then I lose it, I want everybody to be pissed off. It's like, you know, we don't get a chance to buy in these neighborhoods. And so when we do and then we lose it, we should all be pissed. Mm. Because then when it, what by when It's your turn and then you can't buy it. That's right. How are you able to show up and do this though? 'cause Emini here, the show must go on, right? Yeah. You got your new beauty brand, E Baba, you promoting the reality show. Yeah. But then you got all of this heaviness on, how are you able to even show up and just do what you're doing right now? Oh, Well, unfortunately, I'm not unused to grief. Yeah.


You know, it's like I've, I've faced a lot of it in my life. And one thing I know for sure is that the sun's gonna come up the next day. People are gonna keep moving. And if you don't move with it, you'll get left behind. You know? And it's like, look, I think one of the things for me is that yes, I do wanna rebuild. Yes, I do want another house. Yes. I want more things in my life. And how am I gonna get it? Nobody's gonna give it to me. That's right. So I gotta get up and go do the work myself. And what made you do Real Housewives at Beverly Hills? Why did you jump into that? Craziest. That's like, I know That the, that's the thing I said, I was like, why Supposed announce me? I was like, I didn't think it was boredom. I just thought, I was like, well, maybe this is gonna like lean into her. Like future business goals. I think She promotes something. I said she got something.


She's so successful already. She's the girl for us girls. Why would she go over There with them? People? Yeah. Well, you know what's so funny? The, the idea of being on the show is actually really interesting to me because I do feel like there's no representation for not at all women like me or like us, you know, that it's like, look, the corporate girlies who are ambitious, who are smart, who are loyal and will defend their friends and all of that, they don't exist in this space. No disrespect to anybody else, but they just don't. And so I'm like, well, I've already represented in so many different spaces, like, why not do it here and also work on a bigger platform and also do things that I wanna do in a different way.


So why not? I Guess we always look at you as an executive. Like, I wanna run down some of your resume. You were the global CMO of Netflix, CMO of Endeavor, C-E-O-C-B-O of Uber, head of Marketing of Apple Music, and iTunes, head of music and entertainment marketing at PepsiCo. Am I missing anything? I missing a whole lot. I'm missing a whole lot. God's favorite baby. What, what, what, so what would you say the key to all of that success has been? And do you prefer being behind the scenes or in front of the camera? Yeah. Oh, that's an interesting Emini here. I think the key to success always has been that I truly am myself. You know, I, I think that a lot of people like to say that it's hard to do because when you're in these spaces, conformity is what wins. You know, you've gotta just be like everybody else. You gotta wear the gray suit like everybody else.


But anybody who has seen my career or seen me walking around has known that like, I am a black girl, first and foremost. I represent exactly who I am. I don't try to pretend not to be. And so for me, it's like, that has been my key to differentiation and what has made me successful. And so now moving out of that space is just another unexpected thing. You know? It's like, look, you read my resume and it, it sounds great because people are like, oh my gosh, you did that and that, that, but it's like, if you were there with me day to day and were advising me, you'd see that people never cheered me on. Even when I made jumps. Like people never did. So when I left Apple to go to Uber, people were like, why would you do that?


Like, why would you leave Apple? And at the time I went to Uber was like, the company was going down in flames. They were like, why would you do that? And I was like, yeah. Because first of all, y'all think that I'm getting these jobs as some sort of token. And so what I'm gonna show you is actually I'm the greatest marketer of life. And that a company that is on its knees, I'm going to help rebuild. And when I do that, you can't ask me another question. Mm. And then it's like, okay, I moved from Uber to Endeavor and then Endeavor to Netflix. And Netflix I joined right at the start of the pandemic. And people are like, oh, why would you do that? Like, it's such a big company. Like the spotlight is on it. If you fail, you're gonna fail big. And I'm like, yeah, but if I can do that, then you, again, you can't ask me whether or not it can do this.


Right? Because now I've done it at four different companies who's gonna deny me? And then I was inducted into the Marketing Hall of Fame And I was like, yeah, okay. There I'm done retire. Thank you. Well, the Real Housewives f franchise, She's a jersey in the raft. It's Shooting down. So I guess you're there to save the Real Housewives a franchise, because that franchise seems like it was going down. Well, I think that it deserves a, a reinvention. Mm. You know, I think the relationships between women has been really shown poorly in ways that is are not helpful. I'm not saying that there's not conflict, there's always conflict. There's conflict in the boardroom. Okay. The fights I had in the boardroom were far scarier than any fight I've had on this day. I'm sure you know any of those women or Yelp? Were you friends with them? I knew one of them. Yeah. Lisa Vanderpump.


Oh, okay. 'cause they're, 'cause people thought that your connection to the show was Lisa Vanderpump because you guys were at, that We're in We Event together in la. Like it Was like you seven years were with the people in the picture. So they thought, I thought that maybe you knew her because she does so much business in Beverly Hills and then she ushered you into the show. But No, no, no, no. Sudden because just socially got you. You know, we know each other that way. But yeah, I just, I just think that there are opportunities for us to continue to show the diversity in relationships with women. And I don't know that this is like a one trick thing. You know, we should have more ability to show the drama and conflict and the things that happen in your life that don't necessarily have to be with you just screaming and yelling at people needlessly.


Right. You know what comfortable feels like. Both Do I know what comfortable feels like. Yeah. Have you ever allowed yourself to get comfortable? I don't think in a workspace. No. Yeah. That's what Emini here in a workspace. Yeah. I haven't, no. Why not? I don dunno because there isn't one. You know, not because I haven't allowed myself to, but because that's just death. You know, it's like if you get too comfortable in the corporate spaces, somebody's gonna come get you. You know? And I don't think that there's any nirvana for black people or especially black women in these spaces. And so I'm like, yeah, you always gotta watch your back. So I don't think I've ever been comfortable.


No, I'm glad you said that too. 'cause I, I, I, I feel the same way. And I think that sometimes when you get too comfortable, you start to play it safe. And then that's when I think all of these industries start to die out. Yes. 'cause you've got people who are playing it safe. And my thing is, like you, they probably gonna fire you if you play it safe. Right, right. You might as well take the risk, might well, of something innovative, you might as well. Yeah. Yeah. Because you, if you get fired doing that, at least you feel good about yourself. Yeah. Well, Sean, I've always said that like, look, when I leave a space, I want you to know that I was there. Like, I will never leave a space. And you were just like, oh, was she even here at all? No, I gotta leave some sort of footprint. And so it's like, how am I gonna do that if not representing for who I am and my community and all of those things. Now look, I recognize the fact that it is a burden to be in these spaces and to be the one, and people, you know, when something happens to black people, they turn to you and like, oh, so what, what do you think we should do?


And yes, that is annoying, but at the same time it's like, yeah, well maybe that's why I am actually in this room to actually say the things that are hard to say and the things that they wouldn't know otherwise. And so for me, the comfortability aspect has never really been part of what I have tried to achieve, because I know that that's not my destiny. That's not what I'm meant to do. So Are you staying in the room to do that because people think you're leaving the show because of the post that you put up on Instagram? I know. Are you leaving? No, I'm not leaving the show. Okay. That's about something else. But then my house burned down, so then I couldn't even talk about it, but Oh, oh, so you was gonna quit something else? You had an announcement coming, you Said? Yeah, no, I was thinking about like life changes and things I needed to do.


Not about the show at all. Got you. Yeah. But How will eliminate? Well you see Trump's in office now and, you know, yes. All of these DEI initiatives are getting eliminated all across the country. How will that impact us black people? Ooh. Well, Emini here in a terribly adverse way because, you know, everything is cyclical, you know? So it's like you just look at society and culture and realize that things just go back around and around and around. And so we are headed back into like the mid eighties, you know, with the idea that America was only great when you had, you know, a monolith only, you know, a few people at the top who white males were going to make the decisions.


Yeah. And so everything else has felt like you're taking away from that community and from those people. And so, yeah, it's like they're coming back to be like, Hey, look, everybody get out. We need to make this country better. And we can't have all of these people telling us what to do. They're not even the majority. And so until we actually come together as multiples of communities, we're never going to be in power. And so that's the thing that always confuses me. I'm like, I real, I realize that there are challenges for black people that are different from Latinos or different from Asian people, or you know, anybody else who's of color. But the challenge is that like, we can't fight the battles individually.


We really can't. I wanted to know, you know, from we're proud of you as a community, from what you've done, what you've accomplished, but you know, some people might not know the educational background and how you got there. So for people that's, that's in your field, that's admire you and and wanna say, damn, I want to even go a notch of what she did. How did you do it? Right? What is the, the educational Background? Right. Well, Emini here, I have my bachelor's degree. You know, I don't have a master's degree. I decided after my bachelor's that I wanted to jump right into work, you know, that I had the opportunity to go to Spike Lee's advertising agency, which is where I got my start. And you know, I think the, the difference with how I did it is that I never thought that a job was too small, you know, for me to actually like, Say that again.


'cause people would, I don't think they heard you in the back. And did you get paid at first? You didn't get paid at first, did you? Oh God, I don say loud in the Back. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Nothing. But, you know, the jobs were never too small. Like, I brought my full self to every single job. There was never a time where I was just like, you know what, when I get into that corner office, that's when I'm gonna do da, da da da da. No, I did that when I was an assistant. It was like, you can ask Spike today. And he will tell you that. Like, I crushed. In fact, like when I was getting inducted into the Hall of Fame, he did an interview and he said he knew then that he would work for me one day. Wow. And that happened when I was at Netflix. Wow. And he got an overall deal while I was a CMO, you know? And so for me it's like, look, there's never been a moment in my career where I felt like I can't wait for the next thing.


I brought everything to the job I had. And so even now, as I sit here and doing this show and all that, I'm bringing everything, everything I have, yo, because I wanna be able to have the next opportunity and the next opportunity and the next opportunity. Do you, How do you know when the job's done? Like, how do you know when your time at a place is Complete? That's a very complicated question. Like, I think some of it is intuition, you know, just feeling like the energy has shifted. So, but that requires knowing yourself and knowing what it is that you're trying to do and accomplish. You know, back to what I was saying about people not cheering for me when I was done with the job and moving to the next thing. Because they always feel like they know when you should go.


You know, they're like, oh wait, but you didn't do that big thing, so you should. And I'm like, well, but I can feel it. I can see that either I'm not gonna be able to do it because somebody's in my way or there's something that has stopped me. And why stay in a place when you're gonna have diminishing return? It's like, at some point you've gotta realize that you gotta get out when you're on top. And that's how you keep at the top. You know, if you come down towards a decline, it is much harder to rise again. It's much easier to jump from top to top to top. Mm. Do you consider yourself a alpha woman? Absolutely. Yes. So With being an Alpha woman, how is that in relationships? Do you feel like you have to got her, me and her mirror submit a little bit.


Do you feel like you have to fall back a little bit? You couldn't pass that question to Lauren Huh? Huh? You couldn't pass that question to Lauren. You No, no, because No, I, I'll tell you the truth. Successful, no, because, you know, when it comes to the real house, our woman, you can relate. No, you know what? No. My wife watches the show. So she, she's a fan and she, she loves who you are. So she's always asked like, damn, I wonder how is that in a relationship? Because she's very strong and she had that question. She also wanted to know, did she, did you feel like those friendships on Real Housewives of Beverly Hills are real friendships? So do you think it's bullshit? But start with, okay, Start with alpha women. Okay, so here's the thing. I can't diminish who I am. You know, it's not possible. So yes, I want the soft girl life and the whole thing, And I can have that too.


But at the end of the day, this is who I am. You know, I walk into a room And I demand things. It is my energy and my aura. And so the need for a partner who is not threatened by that or not afraid of that is absolutely necessary. You know? So it's not necessarily about me dimming or getting quieter or being more subservient. It's that like, who's just gonna match my energy? You know? My mom says every pot has a lid, And I feel like now I found a lid. How did you know that? Keely? Because also too, not only is he coming and you're like already this super successful marketing hall of famer, but now he's having to be introduced on Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. Right. And the girls got questions.


Right. And that this after your late husband as well, right? Yeah. How did you usher him into all that? How did you know he was fit for that Job? Right. Well, also I have to add that, like, I also respect him. Yeah. A great deal. You know? So that, that has to be at the bottom of it, you know, which is like, that's where we have to start. I have a tremendous amount of respect for him. And so the conversation, even telling him that, like, Hey, look, I'm, I'm on the show, right? I would like you to be on the show, but let's talk about that on whether or not you feel comfortable doing it. And when he said he did, then I was like, all right, look, you haven't been in the scrutiny like I have, so we're gonna have to talk about what that looks like for you. Right. You know? And so to me it's like, there's a responsibility that I have to him, you know, in being my partner on being on the show, and therefore making sure that he's also protected.


So perhaps that's even where the Alpha Woman shows up, is that like, I feel that, you know, I wanna be protected by him, but I also feel a responsibility to protect him as well. And as for the relationships on the show, look, I'm the first one to tell you that I really thought that these conversations were played up. You know, I thought it was, oh, you thought they Were producers? Just make it up. Yeah. Yeah. You know, people would be like, oh, she talked about you da da da da. And I was shocked to find out that the relationships are really real. So people get upset about real things, you know, and, and that you really don't know. It's just like life. Like, you don't know if somebody's talking about you behind your back. You do not know that.


And so you're making assumptions based on the facts that are given to you. So you might be really nice to somebody, but yet she was over here talking about whatever it is that she wanna talk about you and you didn't even know. And so you see it on screen later and people would be like, oh, she should have known she was fake and this and that. You're just like, how would you know that you'd have to be psychic? You wouldn't know. And so I'm, I am continuously learning about the relationships between the women and myself. And then also how it appears on camera reunions are gonna be very interesting. That's all I know. Could you date a, could you have a house husband?


Like if it was just a guy who I Don't think so. Wasn't as successful? No, I don't believe so. Okay. Yeah. I don't think so. I don't think so. Not Because, but he's a nice guy. He look good. He putting it down. He cooks, he clean. Yeah. He keeps everything. You, I think it's, it's probably more about like mindset and ambition than anything else. You know? I'm just, I'm way too ambitious, I think, to have somebody who would not want to also be ambitious. Yeah. I also noticed on, on the show, they changed a lot on the show. Mm. Where, And I watch the show with my wife. That's our little, our little thing. But I, I notice on the show when I, when I do watch it, I love seeing them women bow down to you a little bit. Like they tiptoe around you and you know, like you could,


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve, or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you


Tell that they look for your approval. Do you notice that? 'cause it's, it's a shift and it's a change. I do think it's a shift because I'm not like them. And so I think anytime somebody new or like a new situation presents itself, they're also gonna be a little careful, you know? 'cause you just don't know. You gotta test the water right now. If I come back for second season, I think that would be a different situation. 'cause now they they know, they know you. Right? Right. And they're like, oh, okay. So she's got her opinions. She can stand up for herself and they'll have a different way to interact with me. I'm sure that's gonna happen. How did putting out your book, the Urgent Life, my Story of Love, loss and Survival, how did that being vulnerable in that book prepare you to be vulnerable on reality tv?


Oh, That's a great question. It was so hard to write my memoir. You know, it was so hard because I think what happens is that, you know, as I was saying with grief, you know, you just wanna get it behind you. You know, you just, you wanna feel better. You wanna feel quote unquote normal. And what happens is that we don't realize that the, you put away the sadness and the fear and the anger and all those things, which also put away the happiness and the joy and all the good things that were a part of that because your brain doesn't know how to separate any of those things. And so, in writing the book, I had to go get all of that stuff back. You know, I had to be really honest about how I was feeling in a situation or, you know, what wa what was my true feelings about the thing in order to write an honest book?


And I didn't feel like anyone would c would connect with it if I was just writing fiction. And that absolutely prepared me for this particular role because I don't have the need to hold back from my personal life. You know, so much of my life has been about my professional pursuits. And so in writing the book, I was able to talk about love. I was able to talk about, you know, things that made me cry and, you know, things that hurt me. And so now it's like I can do that more comfortably because I've already done it by writing it. How do you, this is a d back to the show stuff. How does it feel with you and Garel? Like, you guys are like the, the two black women on the show.


Yes. Right. And you already talked about like, feeling like you're there to say certain things that people can't say or whatever the case may be. Does it make you feel like a token, you don't give the energy that you would just be okay with that, but does it make you feel like that? Do you ever have to be like, to producers like, no, I'm not doing that. Not happening. Oh, yes, all the time. Well, the thing is that like I, I don't necessarily have to tell producers I'm, I'm not gonna do whatever it is that 'cause they're not really orchestrating anything. You know? But I know that I'm not doing the thing that perhaps would be expected of me to do. Right. You know, it's like I, I often said that, you know, I wasn't going to come down into the mud. It's like, if you have a conflict with me, you're gonna have to rise to where I am. Oh, okay. You know, in order for me Off, like, look, yeah, You, yeah.


I'm like, I'm not, I'm not having petty disagreements. Right. You know, it's like I have enough going on in my life that I don't need to go down into like, some small little things now, you know, if there is conflict about what is right and how somebody is perceived, or what I believe is like a indefensible thing Yeah. Then I'm, I'm gonna talk about it. Right. Do you feel the need to, like, do you and Garel, I don't know what your relationship is off camera. Yeah. What is that like? It's a good relationship. Yeah. Okay. Do you feel the need to defend her when certain things happen? And she, like, I know she was going through stuff where like they were attacking like her, I think it was her son or her kids. Right. Right, right. Right now and Then there's a lesbian common thing where people are dragging her for that with Carl Richards. Like, Yeah. See, here's the other challenge is that like, I feel like I can defend things when I am present.


You know, it's like, I think it's a very thin line when you start to talk about stuff that you're not present for. I've already said, I was at it publicly that like, if somebody had said something about my child, oh man, I, I don I don't know that we'd be, we'd be friends today. You know, it was like, I, I don't know that I can get over that. I, And I have yet to talk to Garl about how she got over that. You know, just because I, I just felt that like, it just crossed such a line. And perhaps she is, you know, more evolved than I am. I Believe she hasn't gotten over it. She's waiting on her shot. May Oh, Maybe, maybe she's waiting on her shot. I know that, that's a good point. Yeah. But I do think that, you know, for her And I, I hope that what people are seeing is that there, it's a possibility to be more than one type of black woman.


Yes. You know, that like ourselves is an accomplished actress who has her own life and her own challenges and issues and the conflicts that she's had with the women don't necessarily have to be my conflicts because I don't, I don't have those conflicts with them. You know, I have, I probably have my own. And so why is it that we can only have one? Like I really hate the comments when people are like, oh, okay, Bose is here now Garcia can go. And I'm like, why, why can't one a white girl go Yeah. Swag. Yeah. You Right. Like, why has it gotta be her? Why are we, why are we pitting she And I against each other? Right. You know? So I'm like, no, there, there can be more of us in these spaces without having to be Oh, there's only one type and that's it. And I know you've experienced that too, being, you know, the head of marketing and all these places.


'cause they'll turn to you and say, what is a 17-year-old black guy in Oh my God. Newark care about like, I ain't a 17-year-old. I don't live in Newark. Exactly. Shit. Exactly. We've been in meetings like, so what is a black, a 3-year-old black woman in Patterson think I'm like, how the fuck would I know you? Hell, You know that. Exactly. I'm like, that's why you have research. Yes. Okay. You have research departments. Yes. Go do your job. Yes. Right. Or just bring some 3-year-old black women in there or do That. Yes. That part. Oh, that's a better answer. That's Part of the research though. Yeah. But yeah. Now I, I have one, one other question. You know, with Defy in, in LA who do you blame? If you blame anybody? Ooh. Do you blame the government for not having enough water? The city to town? Do you blame? Yeah. Who do you blame?


Mm. Well, God And I have had this discussion. Mm. Because I, I don't really delve into conspiracy theories and do all of that stuff. Now. Look, I think our public officials are, have a job to do to ensure that, you know, the response team have what they need in order to do the things. But like, if you saw any video of Los Angeles on fire, you knew that was Armageddon, Emini here, it was just, I don it looked apocalyptic. Yeah. It's like, I don't know that there was any amount of water that could have saved a majority of the houses. You know, it's like people were taking their own hoses and you know, like wedding their houses and then the thing was dry in like five minutes because the heat of the fire.


So I don't know that I lay blame on a human, you know, I'm like, that's why there's insurance and it's called the act of God. Mm. Gotcha. Now are you still, again, going back to the show again, I'll be watching show. You had talked about you using a platform for stuff like being able to talk about like fibroids and getting Your Fibroids removed. Yes. Yes. And I thought it was interesting because you mentioned that you weren't in like a dire situation where it's like you're in pain and you had to, you're just planning because you wanna have another kid potentially, right? Yeah. Yeah. How you feeling like today? Yeah, I feel really good today. I'm just glad that I was able to talk about that publicly because, you know, I don't know why it is that when we talk about reproductive health, especially for black women, it's like this point of shame.


Yeah. You know, it's like, I don't know how many people sent me messages commented on the posts, like friends who were texting me and being like, girl, I went through that last year. I'm like, how? Why did I not know that? You know, it's like there's some strange shame that's associated with it as if like, we're not good enough or that we're not whole women because you have fibroids and you've gotta get that removed in order to have any kind of, you can reproduce at all. Right. And so I, I'm just like, wait, but no, this is a health issue, you know? And it's like if we take care of that, we take care of ourselves, we will be in a better, in better shape. And I don't know that there's any benefit to hiding any of that.


I think you also brought up a good conversation too, because one of the things you said was like, I'm not getting any younger, so I'm gonna make these plans now. Yeah, that's right. Have you been having conversations with those same people about, you know, just you're not getting younger, but you do wanna have another kid right now? Yeah. Yeah. And what that looks like for you and how you're planning for that? Yeah. Emini here, Keely And I of course talked about it. You know, my daughter And I talked about it because, you know, well they're the two people who be impacted, right. I don't really care about anybody else's opinions, but for me it was really important to talk about the risks because I did not have easy pregnancies in the past. And so I wanted to make sure that I am in the healthiest place that I can be. And again, thank God that I'm in a position to have insurance and you know, the access to healthcare and we know what black maternal health looks like.


It is dire, you know, it's like we're dying at a rate faster than everybody. So for me it's like, look, I wanted to be able to use the show to talk about health, to talk about my reproductive health. And then also I do think that there's a conversation to be had for the corporate girls who've waited a long time to have their babies. You get baby is 15 years Old, right? Yeah, exactly. Yes. And You would start all over again right now. Yep. I would. And I think that there's a lot of women who are doing that. You know, it's like, I, like I look at a majority of my friends who are in their mid forties, and a lot of them don't have children yet. Some of them haven't gotten married yet either because they were focused on their careers and didn't, you know, make that commitment or they didn't find partners who could manage their alphas or whatever the reason is, but who want families.


And so I'm like, again, there is no shame in that. It's like, you can say it out loud that I want a baby or I want a family and then take the steps to get it. I just think we should remove the shame from it. So yeah. I'm gonna be a old ass mom, but I'm gonna do it. You know, I I got one. Oh, go ahead. No, I was Gonna ask, you mentioned marriage. Yes. And I, and I know that, you know, you've been married before, now you and Keely are together. It seems like I saw y'all pictures, your away. Is that gonna be, is that a conversation for Y'all right now? Yes, it is a conversation. Well, because I, I want to have a, a family in a nuclear unit. Got you. So I wanna be married and then have babies. So We gonna see an engagement on the show. Look, Girl, you talk to him, where's he at? How you, how do you keep Keely from getting gassed up?


'cause of the TV show because the camera's in front of me, You know, Getting a little hot. Now I, you know what? I think that, I think I'd probably, if, if I didn't know that he would be all right, I probably wouldn't have wanted to be with him in the first place. You know? 'cause you gotta have a level head. You can't let you know anybody make you feel like, ah, now I'm big man on campus. You know, that's, that can't be, that can't be the way we behave. So I trust that he's levelheaded enough to take everything with a grain of salt. Absolutely. You know, people love you one day, they're gonna hate you the next day. That's right. Look, you just gotta take it as it comes. Y'all Should get the t-shirts. Keely, my me and my me and my, I know We appreciate, I got one last question about DEI, because you know, to me these corporate DEI initiatives Yeah.


Have always been some BS because like the number of black CEOs never increased the money. Corporations, you know, pledged the, all these black organizations, they never gave that out. And I think it was easy for them to get rid of them because they never wanted them to begin with. Whoa. Yeah. So, so, so, so I keep saying real DEI has to be created by us. Yes. So what, what does that look like? I, I completely agree. And the other issue, and nobody wants to talk about this is that the DEI offices never were funded. And so it's like as a CMO, I had a a billion dollars to spend my DEI partner, chief Diversity Officer zero budget. Wow. And so, wow, you had all these companies and organizations where those officers would have to go asking for money for their projects.


Now if I have the ROI on what I'm doing with my money, why would I give it to you? I don't know what you're gonna do with it. And I don't know that you're really going to turn it into more profit because you probably can't. And so how am I going to trace that the money I assigned to you is going to do the thing? So most of the time those DEI officers didn't get any money at all. Wow. And so, I don't know how you succeed. I think the whole system was set up for failure. And so yes, I agree with you in that it does have to start with us. It has to start with executives who are currently in roles who are afraid to hire black and brown people because they don't wanna look like they have bias. And I'm like, no, you should have bias that is actually your job in that role.


So even though like in the roles, I never had DEI against my name, I absolutely put that as part of what I wanted to do. Increase the number of my employees and the people's on my, on the, on my team who were black and brown or othered that I don't have the perspective of theirs And I need it in order to do the job well. So may just made mathematical and business sense, but also that, you know, we have to look at the other offices and make sure that those folks are also feeling the responsibility of promoting d And I of doing the work. Because once those offices go, don't think that you're safe. That's Right. That's right. That's right. Well, I got one more, I got one more show question. Yes. Oh, do you, so I know that there was an episode that Eric yesterday, I didn't get to see the episode, but y'all were at the, y'all did like the tranquil spa day Yes.


At my house. And they were talking about the text messages. My Yes. The Serenity ee. Yes. Do you still feel like Kyle Richards was on bs? Which she Yes. Like you do. I do. Yeah. So you think she was trying to take old girl's husband? No, no, no, no. I don't think she was trying to take her, man. What do you think it was? But I do think that she was talking trash about her. I think that she was saying, but why didn't do that? Like what is he, what is the overall goal then? Do you, do you Think to like talk? Because they were friends. And if you're talking about like, I'm gonna put myself in the shoes because that's how I reviewed it. I'm like, look, if you're gonna say something about me, you should Just say it to my face. No, you know, but don't go say it to my man and then say that you're gonna keep it a secret And they're separating at the same time That you're seeing it. Yeah. I'm like, so, well, whose side are you on?


You know, I just think that that breaks the girl code Like that. And then in real life, does that make you and Kyle Richards now y'all are at odds or like she Well, you have to watch the rest of this season. Oh, Alright. It's my last fear question. Alright. That's been great. Thank you so much. Well, We appreciate you for joining us so much. Eve my boss. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Well, so yes, so by the way, when I retired from corporate life and promoted my book and all those things, I thought that like, okay, that was it. I'm done. But interestingly enough, like, like it or not, my hair has always been a topic of conversation in my corporate career. Emini here. It's like when I did the Apple keynote, I was the first black person to present, you know, technology on that stage. And half of the tweets that night were about my hair.


You know? And I have always been an advocate of being able to use the laws and, you know, the rules that have been written, whether it's the Crown Act or anything else which allows for you to be fired or like, you know, suspended from school if your hair isn't straight or whatever. Like those rules still exist on the books and figure out like, well how can I celebrate that? How can I, you know, encourage us? How can I make sure that like yeah, if I wanna wear my hair any kind of way I want, let me do it the way I wanna do it. And when I looked at the hair extension industry, 80% of the consumer base is black women or women of color. Yet we don't have any ownership in manufacturing and distribution in innovation.


So I'm like, why is a lace white? Like I could see your lace. Yes. Because it's white. You know what? Emini here so much. Like why? And look, you could go on YouTube or Google it and you'll find 14 million videos of black women kitchen chemists who are out here telling you how to lay your lace and make the color like you. And I'm just like, why is that? So I went to China by myself and to the biggest hair show in The World and just walked around and asked questions. And then when I realized that like, oh wait, hold on, this is actually an industry that's making a lot of money, but we're not anywhere in the seats. I was like, well, I'm gonna do it myself. I'm gonna get in there. So I built a factory in Ghana, I started manufacturing and then now I'm selling it to The World. Wow. How is it gonna impact your business with Trump in the new administration and Stuff?


Well, look, as long as the Exactly, I'm not, as long as the tariffs of hold, I'll be fine. You know? But the good news is that there are really great trade agreements between Africa and the US and the uk. And so I can distribute anywhere I want. But you said build, you said so far you built a factory. That's a, The girls should be getting vendor list. You went and built a factory. No, I built a factory. 'cause the thing is, I, I also didn't wanna argue with people. I'm, I'm tired of that, you know, I'm like, look, and, And I used every dime of my own money to build it and nasra investors. I was like, you know, again, I've worked for 25 years. It's like I have all these stocks and all these companies. It's like, why not invest it in? What's gonna help us and what's gonna be better for us?


Love that. That's Right. Wow. So why did they buy some eve? Www.ebybose.com. Eve by bose.com. You have it? Yeah. Bose, I'm gonna Same name. Thank you so much. Based off the eve, the from the bottom. Well, yes, a few reasons. I, my first child actually did not survive her her delivery day. Her name was Eve. Mm. Sorry to hear that. And also the, even in the Bible and the even science all originated from the continent of Africa. That's right. And so I was like, you know what, we are the original woman and so we're gonna take back that narrative too. 'cause when I looked at all the pictures for Eve as I was like concepting the brand, all of them were pale and redheaded. I was like, why is that? Where's the Black Eve at? So I was like, all right, that's gonna be the name of the company.


Amazing. Yeah. St. John, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much. Thank You for having me. Appreciate it. The Breakfast Club, good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This is Lexi Brown and Mariah Rose, and we've got a new podcast full circle every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Welcome to my legacy. I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg. We explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy


Calling all Yellowstone fans. Let's Go to work. Let join Bobby Bones on the official Yellowstone Podcast for exclusive cast interviews behind the scenes insights, and a deep dive into the themes that have made Yellowstone a cultural phenomenon, Our Family legacy news, this ranch And I protector of my life. Listen to the official Yellowstone podcast now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week on the r and b Money Podcast Tank and Jay Valentines. Sit down with the one and only Snoop Dogg. I wanted to be here personally to come give y'all y'all flowers and let y'all know y'all doing an amazing job. Yes, sir. I love the outlet. I love how y'all treat the artists that come on here. I love how y'all speak to the realization of r and b music and r and b money. Snoop Dogg on r and b money. Listen to this episode on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.