
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. At


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Our guys, we have ACH and Barak here this morning. Good morning. Good morning. Morning gentlemen. Thank You. We al we also have Lamont Roach Jr. Who is fighting our tank this week and he'll be joining us in a second. But we wanted, Jeff is Rooting for Lamont Roach. Really? I'm not, we don't say that. We know who I'm obviously rooting for Javonte Davis, but you know, But we wanted to speak to you guys, you brothers first 'cause you got some some big news. You got a new show coming out. Yes sir. That's right. Yes Sir. So, so let's break down the show. What the show's gonna be talking about and everything. Well Premier, it premiered a couple weeks ago with our first guest being Jake Paul.


Nice. Which it was an in-depth conversation, you know, obviously either you love him, you hate him in the sport, you know, I know Charlotte feels a certain way about him and the sport, but he's very impactful and that was a great combo. But it's gonna be a weekly show on all the smoke I know you guys are familiar with. Of course. Absolutely. Those are your guys. Absolutely. And this is a division from all the smoke, all the smoke fight. So it's called Ring Champs, rock Barak. It's been a long time coming, you know, you know, people know us for being on the zone and hosting the Zone boxing show, but we partnered up with all the smoke and we have ownership of the IP and, and we we're excited. It's been a long time coming, so it's a great home. Congratulations for fit for us. Yeah, Congrats. I respect what Jake Paul has done in the sport.


I just want him to start fighting real boxes. Emini here. He already fought a couple of real boxes. Tyson Fur, Tyson Fury Brothers. Even before that though, see he fought two, two guys that nobody even heard of. You know what, Emini here. So that's the thing. When you fight those guys, nobody's looking for that. So if you come from the YouTube world, you already making 20, $30 million a year, you ain't gonna fight Joe Schmo because you, you ain't making no money. So he has to look for these guys in between fighting real fighters. He has to look for guys that's gonna make him another 20 million. It Wasn't, it wasn't a Canelo fight on the cards and then something happened according To Jake, the fight was signed. I don't know if there's any truth to that, but there were, there was conversation about it being announced. And then, you know, some of you may know Turkey Ikas Excellency from Saudi has taken over the sport for the most part.


So what is he doing to the sport? 'cause we keep hearing that. So hold on, I wanna hear about the Canelo Jake fight. So there were, there were rumors that they were gonna fight in May and Canelo was gonna fight Bud Terrance Crawford in September. But Turkey Allic supposedly offered Canelo a four fight deal where it was too much money to refuse. Right. And it's, you know, he, but Jake had to be out of the equation, so to speak. So that, that's what Jake put out there. But we do know that Canelo does have a full fight with Turkey, allic and Bud will be the fight in September. Yeah. Jake must have planned to retire after the Canelo fight. That must have been his last hurrah. His boxing career. There's no Way a hundred million probably easy. A hundred million would've made a lot of money for Sure. Now talk about the, the Sheik that you, you've been talking about.


They, they say he'd been spending a lot of money inboxing. Yeah. And is he making it back? And why? And is it helping the sport? Hurting the sport? It, it Emini here. It's 100% help helping the sport. Absolutely. Emini here for you fight fan. Anybody that's a hardcore fight fan this past weekend Ry 22nd, it was probably the best card in history in terms of championship back to back entertaining fights, right? Maybe not for the casuals. 'cause first off it was at, it started at like 12 in the morning on, on Saturday. Yeah. But yes, he's putting a lot of money into the sport. If, is he getting it back right now? I'm not sure. Probably not. But he's creating the fights that everybody wants to see. So for a fight fan Emini here, Charlotte's a Hago fight fan. That's a fight is fight Emini here.


That's what we want because these fighters want to get paid a certain amount. That's why the fights don't happen because the money's not there. Money's not an issue with It. That's always been the issue though. 'cause we said we wanna see the best fights, right? Remember we was waiting for Terrence Crawford to fight spent but a couple of years because the money, the money wasn't right now. So if somebody come with a whole bag of money, an endless bag of money, then you good for the sport. That's the kind of guy that could get tanked to fight Shakur Stevenson or somebody like that, you know, was also Good. Why didn't pay y'all a million dollars just to go over there And Who they did though, they didn't Like the zone doing all of this in Saudi Arabia. I'm like, where my guys at? Nah, you're right though. You trust we are, we need that need. We Need talks with tur 'cause we need to be a part of that.


But yeah, another thing that's great for the sport is ring champs, you know, because all the smoke, right? What they assembled is a, like a all star team. We got Andre Ward, Roy Jones, hall of Famers, the big HBO analyst for years, you know, Matt and Stack, you know what they do. Morning combat, Luke Thomas, Luke Thomas and Brian Campbell. So, and then us like bringing that young energy to the sport. And we're gonna be at every huge fight covering, you know, with live content and our weekly shows sitting down with the biggest names of the sport and yeah. That, that's what the sport needs. You, you know what? I think it's since, even since our days on this is fifty.com, we're 50 cent. It's like we brought that different culture to boxing.


There was nobody mainstream like us Urban, you know what Emini here. So it's like, it just made sense for us to transition to all the smoke that already has that finger on the pulse and that culture. You know what Emini here. So we bringing that to boxing And also Showtime, you know, Brian Daley was an exec at Showtime for years and he was a mind behind a lot of the, the great content that Showtime put out. So it it's just a perfect, perfect home for us. I wonder if not having that, that cable network like a HBR or Showtime doing boxing, I wonder if that's hurting it because casuals aren't necessarily tuning in. Like, And I think you need, can you be successful without the casual? Yeah. You, you know what, first of all, no now no.


Answer your question now. No you can't. Absolutely cannot. But think about this. People steal cable nowadays anyway. Most people stealing cable. So in reality I think the zone is taking over boxing. You know the network that we started with, right? But people don't even know they watching the zone when you stealing cable. Yeah, when you, When you watching these paper views, you dunno what cha it's on your box. It is on your tv, But you don't really know sometimes what network network it is. 'cause you stealing it, you piring it. You know what Emini here. So to answer your question, no, we can't live without the, without them. But I think it could still thrive. But That's what's hurting the sport. Piring like not wanting to pay for the pay-per-view. Like get, get a couple friends together and chip in for the pay. That's you stealing from the fighters.


Yeah, you stealing from us. It's terrible. But it's so easy now. You always hear about people in their fire sticks. You always hear about online. You can go to stream, whatever. Yeah. A bunch of links. Who got the legal fire stick in here? Raise your hand. The illegal one. Yeah. See, see what I'm saying? I have there's one outta five outta absolutely 25, 20%. Jess, are you paying for fights? I I No you what I'm saying. Absolutely. But she'll watch 'em. You gonna watch your birthday Davis? Yes. I'm still gonna watch it. Oh, no doubt. That's dope. So yes. That's Dope. No Emini here. He he, he's done ama amazing things for the sport Turkey. So we are excited about this year. Now a fight this weekend, right? It's at, at the ball plays before we get to the fight.


Do you think fights happen better when they're in New York or is it better when they're in Vegas? Better when they're in different areas? I just feel like you don't get the feeling Of Vegas. Of Vegas. Vegas Emini here. Vegas benefits from it, you know, from all the people that are in town, gambling, spending money, partying. But as far as the the fight fan experience in the arena, it doesn't really matter where you are. Okay. If the two fighters that you wanna see fight are fighting each other, the energy is Emini here. You've been in a lot of fights. Like absolutely. It doesn't matter where you are. If the fight, fight, I don't agree. Does it sound more in Vegas? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Vegas of course. Vegas Emini Here. It depends with you, it gotta be, I'm Hearing that In Texas, the different crowds, the diff yo when Brooklyn come out, it's, especially for Javonte Davis, it's a special crowd.


Little dangerous. I never see these people. I never, that's why I like Vegas. Vegas Is a little more is better. Security. Everybody know everybody. You, You know what Emini Here, everybody's, there was a Stop. What Happened when Tank fought Rollie? Was that roll? I think so. The was main Emini here. It, it, it got crazy. I'm not blaming it was A stampede won't Blame, But I'm just saying it was, it was somebody had a gun out, it was a stampede. Dude was just running, jumping, falling downstairs, whatever. Let's not throw Tank under the bus like that. We've been to his fights. Atlanta it got and it was fine. There was no issues. It was Brooklyn. It Brooklyn Know somebody. I was at the Barclays one night. It was the Brona Vargas fight. Yeah.


Gunshot went off that night. Barlay. That was like in 2018, I think. See something like that. Yeah. Somebody I seen somebody run Wasn't That gun like the supposed six nine and ole That time by that time. Exactly. So Who do y let's, let's break down this fight or do you wanna bring him in now? No, I want to, I want to ask them two more questions about, about another fight. Do y'all think Cola threw the fight against Paul? No. No. Through the fight. That's what a lot of people saying. First off, you coming off the couch, right? You know, Turkey Ikas XC is offering you a bag of money. You need to save this card. The Y is sick. We cannot cancel the Joseph Parker fight. So, you know, he gotta offered a bag of money. He, he's not training, he's not expecting to fight.


Really? So in this sport, even if you're a heavyweight, you need to have some sort of training camp to be competitive. Joseph Parker was trending for eight weeks for this fight. So there's no way in the hell that guy's gonna throw a fight. He just got knocked out. It sound crazy to me. But I, I could kind of see them saying that because I saw a video of What sounds crazy, Throwing a fight. Oh. But, but co going to him and hugging him, Joseph Parker afterwards saying, you, my brother. So it kind of looked friendly. But I still think he got enough integrity not to throw the fight because they, I guess everybody was saying the punch that that landed, that knocked him out. It just looked like it grazed. People never got hit in the, in the, in the temple before by Somebody. People Never got hit up here. You brain start shaking, you lose your equal equ living in, you might not feel pain, you not gonna feel pain, you know, but you, you're gonna lose it.


Yeah. And that's all it was. Especially If you 300 plus pounds, like you said, just getting off the couch, you didn't have no training. That's what I thought. It looked like a, a hammer punch to the top of the head and maybe his corner overreacted a little bit and was just like doing the, throwing the towel quick. No, He was dancing Emini here. He was done Emini. Here you get hit on the top of the head that hard. It's dangerous. Yeah. I don't think an African can act that good. Not in that moment. You're right though. Too good in that moment. You know what, Emini Here, even though I agree, I wouldn't have said that. Jesus, but, okay, another one. Do we think, do we think Tank is ducking Shakur Stevenson? Me personally, no. I, I don't think Tank is is is necessarily scared to fight anybody. He, he's a a, a true fighter, but Tank has has become this person that, you know, I guess his influence from Floyd where he doesn't have to do anything he doesn't want to do, he doesn't care about like, pleasing a fan, so to speak, is about money.


His legacy and, And I respect that, you know? 'cause when it's all said and done, the fans, they're not gonna take care of you. Right? Mm. So he's wearing about securing the biggest bags. But right now, because Turkey Ashika is involved in Shakur Stevenson's career, that big bag of money will be offered to tank to fight Shakur. So I, I think after like this year, there won't be any more excuses on why he's not fighting. Shakur beautiful. Because the money will be outrageous. Beautiful. 'cause the word duck is, is a loaded word. It implies fear. You know, when we use it in the boxing world, it like, yo, you scared? Yeah. So definitely Tank ain't scared, ain't scared, scared of nobody. He puts people to sleep. That's right. You know what Emini here. But there has to be a reason why he, we do know that he's in charge of his career.


So if he's not fighting, it's not nobody else's reason. But he's, And that's one of the best matchups in all of boxing Emini here. She looked phenomenal. I don't care what people saying that it took him nine rounds to knock this guy outta there. They were complaining that Shakur never stops anybody. That's right. He stopped somebody. What else do you want from This kid? Now you gotta stop him earlier now you gotta stop him in the first round. Yeah. To make me happy. Crazy. But That, that's the best fighting box. Who's The face of boxing Now if there is A face, man, Emini here. Nah, stop fronting canal Face Alvarez is the face of boxing. Yes. Cane. But Tank. Tank is very popular. Tank is One of the faces Popular. Alright, but who's the Mo? All right, who's the face of of basketball right now? LeBron James. But there's many faces, right? But the face named one person, LeBron buddy named one person. That's it.


So it's Canelo albums. I, I would, who is a star Everywhere around The World Tank is very, very popular. But Canelo's the star. Yeah. And don't forget about Bud, even though he's low key, the casual fans after the expense fight, they know who he is. He's one of the faces of boxing as well. Do you think, you know, a lot of people have been questioning the Tank's resume and they was like, yo, you talking about quitting, but you don't have, don't have no Hall of Famers on your resume. Like, you know, your resume's weak. What you think About that? He, he doesn't care about that. Obviously Emini here, even though Tank hasn't fought the, those elite fights that we want him to see him in, we still got him on a pound for pound list. He's still one of the best fighters in the sport. So I think nobody's questioning the skill level, but when it's all said and done, I think there there'll be some question marks there.


Like, if he doesn't fight the Shakur or the TMOs of The World, there might be, but I don't think he cares. Yeah. But, but at the end of the day, like even if you have losses, but you fought the best, then your legacy is stamped forever. You know what Emini here, so Muhammad Ali got multiple losses. Paia got multiple losses and they're still one of the best of all time. So it's not even about beating everybody making money, it's about fighting the best. You know. But who, who, who Wins the Shakur Tank fight? That's a 50 50 fight. If you ask me. That's a, that's a fight. I think it could go either way. I think Tink got the power to put everybody to sleep. But if you look at it, Shakur has the best boxing, probably rather defense of all times.


You know what I'm saying? He's not all time. He Emini here. He's not, he don't get hit. Yeah. His Dis He literally don't get hit. It might not be as pretty as Pernell Whitaker because that's my favorite. You know what Emini here, but well even Floyd, Floyd is phenomenal Defense fighter. His defense is, is crazy. But It is because he takes a little less risk. Floyd took more risk in that ring, especially young, you know, when he was younger in, in the, in his career. But IIII love that fight. I I want to make a prediction. I wanna say that Shakur can outbox tank, you know what I'm saying? And I think he can outbox Tank, but boy, when Tank get to him. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know what I, I'll say it right now on record. If that fight ever happens, I think Tank doesn't get to him. And that fight after 12 rounds, Shakur wins more round.


That could easily happen. Yeah. I can't say easily, but that can happen because Shakur is very brilliant in here. Scary fight. But, but Tank is not a brawler tank sets you up, Emini here, that fight fight. It's Just, it's just the best fight that could happen skill wise. That's the best fight that can happen. He Around setting you up Though, if he wants to. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not necessarily. If he wants to. So he did that with Leo Santa Cruz because he couldn't hurt him. Right. He ain't, he ain't do that with Rollie. He ain't let Rollie hit him. He ain't lose rounds with Rollie. But he might feel that Shakur can't hurt him either. But that doesn't mean he won't lose a bunch of rounds. And then next thing you know, it's the 12th round and it's too late. So we don't Emini here. That fight is the best. And Canelo and Bud two best matchups in boxing. What Cane, What if, what if Tank does fight all these, these, these people.


Y'all wanna see him fight? Yeah. And he loses. Does that affect his legacy? No. It depends on how He loses. No 100%. You know why? Because if they're already complaining that he didn't fight the best. That's true. Yeah. And then you take a loss when you fight. That's true. The best. Then they're gonna say you never had it. Even though I think he does. He has. They're gonna say that you never really had it. And that's the sad part. Yeah, that's True. Who wins Canelo bud? 1 68. Bud. Been to my house. Canelo, like I've been to Canelo's house, bro. Hard ask me that. Like it's hard. Yeah. All this, this is over. I gotta go all No, no. Honestly, love both, both those guys probably close closer to Bud. You know, he's more of a personal friend.


I just think that people will keep putting too much emphasis in the weight. Bud is just as big as Canelo. His arms are longer. He's strong as a ox. The dude put me in a choke code. He's so strong. This fight is not gonna go. You're most people strong. No. So that didn't make him sound, that didn't make him sound Strong. So, so I think that He put me in a choke. You never put me in a jojo, but did I tap butt out? Yeah, you did. Anyway, how you get yourself into this conversation Beef bro. Anyway, So y'all just be wrestling, just aggressive. No, but Bud is a beast. Fight. Fight is a monster. He's a monster. So I, I don't know, I can't tell you, but what's up? It's gonna be a good fight. Now We have Lamont Roach Jr.


Coming in Was good. What's up brother? Come on. That's a, that is a good fight. I can't, it's hard. It's hard to bet against Bud, man. Yeah, so, but we see what Canelo can do. I just don't wanna personally say I think, but or loose. Right? Because I said that for years with Earl Spin And he showed you, Oh my god, I definitely showed Him this chair. The next time he came up here, moved Me out the chair. I saw that you sat over here, So you're picking but in that fight, No, I'm not picking nobody. I'm just gonna watch him here. I'm just gonna enjoy it for what it is. Well we Have Lamont Roach Jr. Here. He's fighting this weekend. Welcome brother. How you feeling man? Appreciate it man. Feel good man. How your Training been so far? It's been perfect.


It's been excellent. Honestly. Grew up in Maryland. Yeah. I grew up in DC in Maryland, DC in Maryland and, and you know, oh, so This a Baltimore DC Baltimore. I'm from, I'm from Washington DC like that's my hometown. That's where I grew up in, you know, I grew up in Prince George County, Maryland too, but I'm from DC. Oh, you fighting for the whole city then? Yeah, for sure. You got to try to beat Tank For sure. Is it like a real Baltimore DC thing? Yeah, it's like, yeah, we don't, hundred percent. I'm from Baltimore, you know, you from DC but I, I like Oh, So you rock with 'em? No, no, I, I Sell tickets. I sell Tickets. BI love DC They buy my tickets all the time. But the whole trajectory of the Baltimore versus DC thing, that's always gonna be a thing. Yeah, Always. No matter what.


Like, did you always wanna fight? Not just sports, Huh? Did you always wanna fight Tank? Yeah, Emini here, just competition wise, we grew up in the same, you know what I'm saying, the same amateur boxing realm. We technically to the whole world, we down the street from each other. And in boxing we close. So like Baltimore fight in the dc golden gloves, Baltimore fight in the, you know, the regionals at the silver gloves and stuff like that. So we always competing with each other. Their accent is ugly than Aza. No way. Yeah, It, It's not the same truth. No. Say two. Say two, two. See it's way different. But look how they say I'm, I'm going back and all that like Different, it's so different In country.


Yo T said something about it you ain't from from Maryland. Like what was, why was that? Because I'm like from Maryland, because I'm From DC. Yeah. DC is not in Maryland. That's, No, I get that. But, but you said you're from DC and Maryland though. And you said you spent time With Maryland? I lived in, yeah, I lived in both. So You grew up at Crown Heights, right? If Crown Heights. Oh, I thought they said Crown Heights, Maryland. I don't know. I'm from Put on The paper. I'm from, I'm from dc I'm from, I'm from Leroy Park, I'm from uptown, I'm from Leroy Park. So that's like the Shaw Howard area for, for people who don't know. And, but my parents, my, my mother and father moved to Prince George County.


If you, if people don't know like the, the line is like right here like DC Prince, George County DC Prince George County. So it's like, it's like right there. It's like, I don't know how close burs are, but it be some people that be on the line. That's True. You can literally walk across the street, be in Maryland, east New York and Queen. Like how some People be like, Be like Harlem, I'm from New York, but they be from Jersey. Right, right, Right. Something Like That. Yeah. Like this guy right here. So y'all, so this thing ain't far enough away from me, right? Because DC and Baltimore can drive to this fight. Yeah, yeah. Nah, I lie, I prefer Vegas. Niggas gotta fly. Anybody could get in the car and drive Drama. That Could, that can occur. Oh yeah. That's why the fight not happening in dc.


Of course. Yeah. But that ain't a fall drive. It's only three hours. Yeah, it ain't a, but I'm saying from just from our, that's more Pressure on you. Our respective like cities For sure. Does it really matter though, if you having a fight in DC Emini here, Maryland, Baltimore right there, everybody can come from Baltimore. Yeah, I think so too. But I think, I think more so is probably strategic because he didn't want Emini here. Tank a superstar. So you know, every time you go into a fight, the pro, the crowd is gonna be pro him. Yeah, yeah. If the fight is in DC the crowd gonna be damn near pro me or 50 50. Oh, I see what you're saying. So since you grew up in the same amateur time period, were you ever friends? Yeah, Emini here. I've known him since I was like 10. So we always seen each other like right.


He always made it to the nationals. I always made it to the nationals. So we was always like in those tournaments, we'd see each other all the time. Have y'all Fought before? Before twice. Who won? And we spoiled a lot. Who Won when y'all fall? When you fought? When we fought, he won both times. The first time we fought in Baltimore, that was bs. He shouldn't have won that. But How old were you? First time was 15. 15. 15. So What kind of win was it? It was a split decision win. Okay. In Baltimore. Three, two. But it's, it's like some BS happening. My dad sent the tape to USA boxing and they was like, nah, you like that shouldn't have happened. So. So You felt like you won that fight? Yeah, for sure. Emini here, USA boxing sent me an at large bid to the nationals since like we fought. We fought the regionals and he was the regional champ.


But when they seen the video they was like, all right, we'll send you a at large bid. And they put us on two sides of the bracket. He made it to the championship. I made it to the championship and he won a close fight in the championship one and two in the nation though. Since you fought him and spart him, is he the hardest puncher you shared the ring with? Nah, no, no. Emini here. That's what y'all Was kids then, but we was kids. Did you spar, you know, a little older or Spawn was just during that time Spawn was like before we even fought, like the last time we was in the ring together is when we fought. Okay. Holy 15 Became the Reaper. Yeah, but back then I was considered a bigger puncher than him. Like, you know what I'm saying? The amateur.


What about now? How do, do you feel like you're a bigger puncher than him now? I feel like I'm a bigger puncher than Mike Tyson. That's right. But Kin Barak, what do you think of this technical? No, no, no. That's not True. Emini here. Tyson what supposed to say Like nah, I don't really punch down. He asked the question ain. He me set up. There's only one way to figure out just his show. Ain't one good time man, I'm hitting the floor. I do know he don't get the credit he deserve as Being a puncher. Oh yeah, yeah. But look, obviously you are the underdog because you got a loss already.


You lost Jemele Herring who, who got beat by Shakur. So how are you a better fighter than that time period? I'm a thousand times better fighter than that, than that time period. And if anybody know and, and and the people you guys know that fight took it out. You Gotta tell, you gotta tell them for sure. That fight took it outta Jemele for sure. Emini here. No disrespect to him and no, no disrespect to Shakur's went over him either. But ever since then it's just been a different Jemele like downhill. And he was just over the hump. He was over the hill after that fight. And that was in 2019, right? Yeah, that was in 2019 right now like you know, I took that I took from that fight was, you know, they not gonna give you nothing.


I started a little late on that fight. If I would've started earlier I probably would've knocked him out. Like we planned on doing. We never planned on winning on the scorecard in that entire camp? No. Yeah, that entire camp it was stacked against us. Top rank card. He was the champ. It was Veterans Day weekend. They had a story on him and you know what I'm saying, his tragedies and stuff like that. But just, it was built for the, you know what I'm saying, for the champ Dude served the country. Yeah. You know what I'm, I can do not root for that guy. I feel You. So you know what I'm saying? So we knew we wasn't gonna get nothing on paper but you know, I just started A little late. So what about this fight Tank is is being said, like they was asking who's the face of boxing and Tank is one of those faces. He's one of 'em. Yeah. So are you going in that game? You going in this with the game plan that I gotta knock him out in order to get the victory?


Nah, not necessarily but I'm trying to, I'm trying to Emini here. I be trying to knock anybody out. I'm trying, I'm forever, I'm trying to get shit cracking For real. No. Envy mentioned about there, there's a stigma with with Tank about him not fighting elite fighters. Right? Right. Do you agree with that? Do you feel Tank is overrated or does he get the credit he deserves? Nah. Nah. Ain't That insulting right. For You it would be. Yeah, that damn sure that's what I was gonna start with, right? Yeah, that'd be, that'd be insulting. But nah, I don't agree. So You think his resume is good? Solid. I think it's, I think his resume is solid. Yeah, for sure. I think people don't understand that the business get in the way of some, a lot of stuff and, and nine times outta 10 because some people do use the business aspect of duck fights.


I ain't gonna lie, right? But nine times out 10 it do be stuff that just don't line up. It be a whole rock of stuff that don't line up. And, And I wouldn't necessarily say he ducking a fight Emini here. Like, you know what I'm saying? We men Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. I I wouldn't see Tank ducking anybody. But to your point, the financial always gets In The way there. It do get in the way. Some people feel Emini here. You can't argue a guy with what you feel like he deserves or especially if he earned it or you know what I'm saying? Like it just, or if he wanna fight on his terms and that's just how this shit work. So what do you do? Let's say you win the fight or come Saturday night, what do you do? Do you stay? 'cause you it's a different weight class.


You already a champion at one 30, you coming up to 1 35 fighting a champion there. Do you stay in that weight class or you go back down? I'm I'm going to do both. I'm gonna try to do both. I'm like we, I talked to the WBA already and like hopefully, but you Could eat Twinkies now you good. Like 1 35 lie good if go back down if he wins he fighting tank again, obviously there's a rematch clause in the contract. There's Atch clause. Yeah, no, definitely. So Emini here, I have no choice but to stay at 35. But I did ask them to, you know, if I can let me do my obligations to keep my belt at 30 just in case the business don't line up at 35. Right. People might be busy. All the chimps might be busy, they might be fighting somebody.


Let's, let's pray they don't. But if they do, I can go unify at 30. Lemme ask you a question. When the tank opportunity came up, right monetarily, right when you got the offer, were you, did you negotiated your team negotiate Now we want a little more for tech or did you say yes right away to the opportunity? I say yes to the opportunity, but we, our negotiation was more so what we had on our plate. We had on paper, on the plate. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, but it's just like the upside is, the upside is greater than the fight that I would've took for about the same amount of money or a little more, you know what I'm saying? Like, oh, so, Oh, so this is not your biggest payday?


No, this is gonna be my biggest payday. Oh, okay, okay. Sure. What I'm saying, what we had on the table. Oh, but Fighting somebody else outside the fighting Somebody else. Who, Who was that person? My mandatory. Okay. Yeah. Who was the mandatory A guy from man, what's his name? You don't even know his name. Belt mail list though. Hold on. You get the same amount of money fighting Tank as your mandatory. I lied to you. Not So you getting a piece of the pay-per-view numbers. Who Said that? So, so it don't matter. Oh you mean because of the opportunity? Take the opportunity I got. Yeah. But yeah, the upside is, is, is is the no doubt, Doubt, opportunity worth. How did you, what did you learn from your loss against Jamal Herring that you would take into this fight?


Like how, how did, how did a loss make you a better fighter? It just, it just made me realize that obviously I wasn't doing everything I needed to do to be a complete champion. You gotta think I was, I just turned 24. I'm looking at myself already as world champ on top of The World being ready to be this big money guy or whatever the case may be. But it made me, it made me buckle down, it humbled me and, and made me sit down and really do my work and really be a student of the game. Adapt everything. And again that they ain't gonna get nothing to you. You gotta go take it. And that's what I adapted. That's when I changed my, that's when I made my name, my nickname, the Reaper officially.


And I took on that Monica as I can't take no for an answer no more. You know, I thought about that too 'cause I saw Ante's trainer say that tank's biggest fear is losing. And I wonder if it's too much pressure to keep up a, a undefeated record. And where did that mentality come from? Was it Floyd? Like Yes, a hundred percent Floyd. A hundred Percent definitely Floyd. Yeah. Now when you train, right, like is it a part of your process to like study the other fighter? Yeah. Like you study. Okay. So what would you say is Tang's biggest weakness? Ooh, Good. We got, we we gonna see, we gonna See. Oh, he can't say I can't tell you right now 'cause he might see this, but, but we got a few.


We got a few. And the things that he does well is important too. Well, you know what you could do, you could tell us offline and then when Oh yeah, when you win we'll say, oh yeah, he told us, he told us That. We'll make it Official. Let's ask Ak and Barak Emini here. What, what do you think tank's weaknesses is and what do you think Roach's weak weaknesses is? I, I'm not Gonna, you guys analyze boxing. Well, I'm not gonna talk about his weaknesses right in front of right in Front. Wait until he leaves to talk about his back guy talk behind the back. But listen, I would, as far as tank Emini here, I would say Charlotte pointed to earlier where he starts late, right? He, he loses rounds early in the fight because he's relying on that, you know, one hit a quitter, which Deontay did as well a lot.


So I think that tank has a skill to start earlier Emini here. I would say that that was one, one of the things that I feel like that he should, I'm gonna tell all the tank changes now. He better not start late with me. It's gonna be a long night. It's be a real long night. I don't really think Tank has weaknesses. I seen him get frustrated back in 2017. Right? And, and that's a weakness. But I haven't seen that Fonseca. I think so Fon it was see that, so, but since then I haven't seen that. But all Fighter get frustrated at some point in A fight. And I could tell you he had weaknesses when I seen him fight Jemele Herring. But I don't see that now. You get what I'm saying? So I seen him both. So What weaknesses, so you saying what weaknesses? They both did the same thing about starting late. Okay. They both did the same thing about starting late and then he wasn't being first.


See you playing. Same too. You don't wanna, I'm telling him, I'm telling him I'm not a chump, you know what I'm saying? Like no, I don't mean, I'm not calling him a chu. I'm saying yo y'all show gonna be Chump. I'm not calling him a working together long time. Amazing. You Wasn't trying to be first when you should have been first. That's all I'm trying to say. That's all. Don't wait the counter or whatever you think you slicking in him on all of that. You wasn't trying to be first, but I see you different now. You Wanna work this corner. So You Say how Much you getting paid And I also do notice that you And I'm a casual boxer, right? So I I like boxing, I boxing He box, he boxes casual man. Exactly. Casually I spa tank back in the day.


You know what, know what I'm saying? But become, You become a more of a fight fan now. Like Yeah, yeah, yeah. But so yeah. Yeah. I've seen with this fight, you guys haven't got too disrespectful with each other. Right. Usually I see disrespect out the window as f your mother, your kids, all that True. I haven't seen that with this one. Why is that? He Cool. See I javonte play too damn much though. Like, but see that's one thing. Like he trolled though. Yeah, he troll And I trolled back. That's the thing. Like, and see I Trolled back. Yeah. I, I trolled back. So like I never, so I never fought anyone that's in obviously of his like stature and as a, a stardom.


But we follow each other like we see like, you know what I'm saying? We see each other's shit. I already know he a troll. So I know what to expect. Some people know that I am a troll And I can be funny or I could be funny on the social for sure And I'm going to have a comeback for Right. Whatever you got. So that's the thing, like it's a little different because we fighting each other now. So like, imagine me, I see everything that he do to troll everybody else. And, and the other thing is they be having like, he definitely be having personal vendettas with other people or people be having personal vendettas with him. Like they really be having like issues. That's Bud said he don't like him. Bud was like, I don't, you know, I'm saying I don't like him as a Person. Emini here. He said he has said disrespectful things about Bud.


Oh he Did. I forgot All shit. Tank This woman in everybody Wild Emini here. What you expect Emini here. That's just, that's who he is. He wild call. Like and if obviously if he don't fuck with you, don't fuck with you. Disrespectful as Baltimore person. What's the most disrespectful Men and women, don't They? Nah, nah. That disrespect Tank is super disrespectful on Twitter. Yeah. He, he be going in. But yeah, you, you're right Emmy. There hasn't been too much disrespectful. Who, who? Emini here. What's the most disrespectful thing a fighter's ever said to you? Fucking if I know. So you don't they because they don't be, I don't get that and they don't get that to me. They better not. Right. They don't really play like that. For real, for real. So take scared of your troll oldness. Nah. You troll better?


Nah, I just think it's just like a level of mutual respect. Like for real, for real. All If you wanna keep it a buck outside of this. If we haven't, if we ain't fight, he a homie. So Emini here, it's not like we ain't ever talked about fighting before. We talked about fighting Before. Really? Did y'all ever chill though? Like go out? Yes. That's what I'm saying. I've seen him as of as, as we've been professional. I seen him more times outside than I seen him in a boxing environment. Okay. You know what I'm saying? So y'all cool? He cool? Yeah. I saw him label you. He said that you and Bud would be actual challenges. He said like Haney, I think he said Steven sin. Oh yeah, I seen that too. And Davis would be light work but he actually said you and Bud would be challenges.


What'd you, what'd you think of that when you heard it? He telling the truth when it come to me, he telling the truth. Oh. Well Not when it come to Bud. Huh? Not when it come to Bud. Oh Man, shit. Yeah, I think he telling the truth too. Emini here. Obviously he's, he's big and he one of the best fighters in The World. Right. But yeah, I think when it come specifically when it come to me, yeah. Like, And I think people trying to say, oh he, he lying to sell a fight or whatever the case may be. Nah. Like this this real, that's a real fight, real deal over here. Real. So what do you say to to to tank fans like Jess like that that don't believe in you, that don't think you going win. They think you might get knocked out. I think You got an accent, You know. So what do you say to those type of fans like Jess?


Like at Jess right now and what? Nah See Because I want, because I'm, 'cause I would get a little like, 'cause people get behind them keyboards, they get a little disrespectful that Just behind the people. Yo Roach, I ain't never said nothing about You all. I said nah last week you did say Ach. You said I don say don't even said something said something about Raid. She said something about see But no this is the thing I said I didn't know you. I didn't know who you was until you and so Tank. Yeah until Tank. You know what Emini here. That's all I said.


And I say yeah he gonna beat you just 'cause that's my man That ain't disrespectful. That's how it go though. Emini Here, a lot of people gonna be like, I don't know who he is. So he going to do yeah he gonna get knocked. Oh he gonna do this. He gonna be asleep. He need to get a pillow. I see that shit obviously I see that shit's my phone. You know what I'm saying? Like, but it's just like, I don't know shit about boxing. I don't y'all, I don't All you. That ain't true. I haven't seen your breakdowns when the fight on it's a long bit. You be asking gbt, she be breaking that whole round. What The Yeah but but listen with you being, all right. So do you ever feel with this being said since we on it, when people like the underdog conversation, like does that affect you?


Does that really piss you off because you stepped right up to fight him Emini here. It wasn't like he had to troll you to get him to fight. Yeah. Nah, for sure. But that's what I'm in it for. I'm here to fight the best. I wanna be the best. That's what really drives my whole career. For real, for real. Like I got in this to be the best. So if he's a pound for pound talent, what they gonna think about me when I, when I win? You know what I'm Saying? So if you do beat Tank and then fight or reimagine beat 'em again, obviously you wanna fight the other champions at 1 35. Right. Let's say that scenario happens and Shakur should be on your, you know, one of your targets, right? Oh on my radar. Who do you think it's a harder fight tank or Shakur for yourself? Stylistically.


Eh, That's who told you I 50 50 fight? See that's a good question. Shakur bad boy man. I Emini here. I've been in the ring with him more than recent, more than recently. Ko bad boy. He don't get the credit you deserve. You asked me Emini Here, everybody Emini here. It's just from the outside looking in and then you they comparing him to a knockout artist. That's that's that's not fair. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? It is just not fair. I don't know Shakur, it seems like your lator Shakur would be in a more difficult fight Maybe. Damn I want to ask you about that, right? When you dealing with a knockout artist like Tank and Tank said he Maybe not.


Oh maybe Not. Okay. I don't Know. He gotta sell a fight. Yeah. Nah, nah, nah, nah. It's not that I don't gotta sell a fight. It's just being realistic. Like, you know, you gotta do, you gotta compare to Is a dangerous point. You gotta compare to S obviously got 90 something percent all got ratio. You Gotta be alert at all times throughout that entire, and there's a lot Of people don't give him this credit of him being a skillful fighter. He's really Skilled. He's really got a bag with him. Like, and y'all gonna see it March 1st 'cause he ain't gonna have no choice but to use it. Nah, I think Tank is just, he's just as skilled as you know, like the credit he gets for a knockout. He's just that skill like skill. It's, he's just that skill And people don't know. People don't know that when You got a knockout all this coming at you and he said he want to knock you out between six and eight rounds, You silly as shit.


I tell you that right now. I, I'll tell you What's but is there any level of fear to that at at All? No. What did I Just say? Silly. Damn. But listen, as far as betting right? Yesterday we were looking at odds and in order for you to win a hundred bucks, you gotta bet 400 the tank knocks you out. So I never see odds like that. Like you gotta bet so much to win so little. So essentially that disrespectful, essentially they're saying you are definitely getting knocked out. That's what the odd makers are saying. It's crazy. So if you bet Did Y the odds, did y'all see the odds for the Hector fight? No. Oh no. It was bigger though. It was bigger than that. Yeah, it Was bigger than that. So obviously we cleaned up that night.


Right, right. I'm just gonna be a repeat. I'm telling you right now, People gonna make some money. Oh my God. You bet on yourself. Yes, of Course. Is that illegal? I Don't know. No, he's just Joking. If that's illegal, I'm not gonna lie. You do have a level of confidence that make me feel like, let me put a couple dollars, gotta got confidence. Hundred percent. I told him in the green room, like I've seen summer tank's, opponents even though they talk smack me a little shaky. Shaky. Not him. Real calm. Yeah, real Comfortable. Oh, be more what? No, I'm just saying he is real calm. Yo. That's what's up man. You got me wanting to put a couple Do do, do you, do you try to en Emini here?


Of course you're gonna engage but do you rely on your defense more and try to outbox tank or do you go in there and mix it up? It's Gonna be, it's gonna be mixed up for sure. It's gonna be mixed up. We going to, we're going to, we're gonna apply pressure. We're gonna be smart, we're gonna be defensive, we're gonna do everything. We're gonna do everything. We're gonna make him perform at his best. We're gonna make him perform at his best. We're gonna make him think, we're gonna make him feel pressure. We're gonna make him feel like, all right now I gotta get the, I gotta get out the way of this shit. I ain't gonna lie. I'm, when I tell you I really be trying to knock everybody out. It is not just like me going crazy but if I can I'm going to try.


Yeah, you be Trying to set it up. You know what ILI like to hear that too because I ain't gonna lie tank my man, but I got tired of paying money for the fights and it's over too fast. Like One year I Paid for the fight and by the time I got in there it was the one in Atlanta. By the time I got in here it was over. So I was pissed. So you better make 'em work for it. Hey, Okay. It's gonna be real worth your Money. One of the criticisms is that you know, you're a champ at a lower weight class. So they say, oh tank pick it on somebody smaller but fight night. Do you think you gonna be the bigger man in the ring Emini here? Yeah, I am Emini here if people know him and people see me or even if people know me and people know him, they know that he a little guy like he fight at the weight class because it's, he's comfortable and he doesn't have to struggle to make weight.


Struggle to make weight. Yeah. You be killing yourself to make it. Nah, I don't be killing myself to make. Okay. But you just naturally, But it's definitely like, it's, it's, it requires more discipline for me to, especially to make one 30. Right, Right, right. What do y'all think tank's most difficult fight has been so far? Cruise right, definitely right. Yeah, I, I would say so. I would say Has to be von Secka. I don Fon Sec Emini here. He was so frustrated then. Yeah, But, but he wasn't on top of his game early. He wasn't on top of his game. We Say you on top of his game right now. No, no, I just mean in that fight I think he was just playing around too much and just trying to get a spectacle and not really thinking like he pit Was, pit bull was the toughest fight. But he did have a hand injury and, and after certain it Was played pretty late in the round, in the fight though.


10th It was like the 10th round. It was the 10th round. Yeah, people say earlier but it was a 10th round. So it was just a tough fight because it was a tough fight. Yeah, Pimple was a tough opponent. When you're studying Lamont, which, which fights do you watch? Do you watch the ones that were tough for him or do you just watch 'em all? Both. Okay, okay. I I, I watch the ones that are tough. I Emini here. I watch the ones that you see that he obviously 'cause he knocked out damn near everybody. But you take away certain stuff from a lot of things like from the Frank Martin fight, even though I think that fight was fairly easy, it's just little stuff like tendencies that he have. It's like stuff you pick up on like oh he always does this when he does this and you can't rely on it because it's what he used to do.


But, But you could Read it but you could read certain, certain stuff. Especially like little second nature things like little twitches, like how he reacts to a certain punch or how he moves after he does a combination or whatever. The case with me just naturally like how many times he doesn't and stuff like that. Now he's spilling the beans. Hear you talk about his weaknesses a little bit. So that's you studying these, these tapes or is that your coach? Oh me and Coach me and the mastermind back Then. Oh, so both of y'all be studying it. Okay. I got So this is the biggest fight of your life For sure. I think get, define your career. It's, I win or lose. I always say that this is the, because I'm gonna win, but this is the start of my legacy run. You know how, you know how fighters who, who you know, gonna be in the hall of fame?


Yeah. Have that distinctive start of their run. Right? Right. This gonna be it, this, this gonna be it, this gonna be especially 'cause you know, he talking about return and all that. I don't, I think it's gonna be hard for him to get back in the ring if he lose honestly because he already talking about retirement. So if we do have two fights, that's damn sure gonna be my legacy run because We have two, we have two fights. Where is, you got this knockout artist that's a pound for pound talent that people are saying is one of the, and and not saying who is one of the biggest spec spectacles in boxing right now.


Right? If I beat him twice, then go on to unify no matter what, win or lose. I'm still fighting the best fights and, and always I'm always gonna put out, I'm always, it's always gonna be, it's always gonna be a dance. Like especially if, if I got a good dance partner in there with me, it's always gonna be a good fight. So this is def this, this, this fight is defining the start of my legacy run. And that's where I want to go off to my Hall of fame. I wanna go up to 40 in fight too. If anybody saw, I called Outra before we got the tank, before he got the tank offer. Ry was the guy that beat Pit Bull. Pit bulls. The guy that gave Javonte Davison fight.


So hall of Fame. That's your, that's your goal, like as a fighter when it's all said and done, you want to be a hall of famer? Yeah. I'm And you need this fight to, to get you, I'm saying I'm setting out to, to be one of the best to have a lace up some gloves Saturday, nine years old. Good luck this Saturday. Yeah. Thank you. I think, I think if, if, if you do win, I think you should come up Monday and sit in just chair with I'm with, I ain't give it up. I'm with that for sure. Nah, but we appreciate you. What's the fight on? Is it on the own? No, it's on Amazon. Amazon Prime. Paperview. Paperview View. Alright, well Barak we appreciate you Go by the buy the pay-per-view. If I'm gonna tell y'all right now, don't steal, Buy the pay-per-view.


Buy the Paperview. She, she steal, she stealing used buy the Pay-per-view. I'm telling you. Got wink. Buy the pay-per-view. Yeah. Alright. Well they and aka Brock where they kids watch y'all show at? Definitely on all the smoke fight YouTube page. And we're gonna be doing a live broadcast. Yep. For the tank and, and Roach way in at, at the Barlay center this Friday. So tap in on all the smoke fight. Alright, Well Lamont Roach, Jr. AKA Barak, we appreciate you brother. Thank you Man. Thank y'all for having Good luck. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.