
The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back, and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway.


Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table.


At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yeah. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. The God Lauren LaRose is here. Jess Hilarious is here. Who's filling in for envy? Lauren LaRose is filling in for envy. Absolutely. Is envy filling in? He's here. I'm here. We But she's filling in. Yeah. Yeah. He's a guest today though, because his new book, Real Life Real Family with the Queen of the House. Gia Casey is out right now. What comes by April 15th comes By April 15th. Yes. Yes. How you feeling Gia? Humbled by being given the opportunity to write a book about something that is the most important thing to me. The thing I'm the most passionate about, the thing that brings me the most joy.


Family parenting, my household, our home. So yes, I'm very humbled. Mm. This is the second book. Yes. It's amazing. You know what? Let's just rewind it back. For those who don't know, who is the Casey Crew? Where did that name come from? How did y'all get started? Do you, do you remember The Casey Crew? Yes. Our last name? What do you mean? No, No, no. But do you remember how we came up with the name? No. How did we come up with the name? We were Doing our first podcast and it was before we were doing like the audio version of the, the video version. It was just the audio version. And we started the podcast without a name. And we sat there and we kind of was coming up with like different names.


And one of us said, well, how about the Casey Crew? You know, our last name's Casey. We have a whole crew of kids. A whole gaggle. Yes. What about the Casey Crew? And then people, you know, DMed us and emailed and whatnot. And they said, yeah, we love that name. We love that name. So we decided to call ourselves the Casey Crew. Amazing. That's where it came about. Okay. And and gear, whenever you post on social, you always hashtag the the Casey Crew. Yes. Envy does as well. But one of the things that you guys do really good from the podcast to bringing it online is you pay attention to the comments and the responses. Gia does Gia. Yeah. Yes. And you, you guys bring them into the podcast, but you also like reflect on them on social media. Yes. So I wanna read one of the, the posts that, that we pulled. And I thought that this was great.


You inspired me. This is someone commenting to you guys. You inspire me. I wish all parents had this level of intention, planning and vibe. Truth is, most parents moms are stressed, overworked by trying to make ends meet and harboring trauma. Therefore, it's passed down to the children. You've passed down light and love because of that and because of what you are high five to all of the parents during their best. And you use that as a moment to talk about like no, it it be it. Get a little crazy over here. Oh yeah. But it's important because when you, if you've ever been around your family, it is a lot of love and a lot of life. But I'm sure on the inside things get crazy. Well, you know, that's a big misconception. People assume that because you live a certain lifestyle or because you've earned a certain financial status, that you don't have the same problems that they have.


You know, in the same comment section. Oh yeah. Yeah. You'll see people like, oh, it's easy when you have money. Oh, you know, like your, your problems are not our problems. But that is such a misconception. You know, we just got over one of the toughest years of our lives. Probably the worst year of our life. Two years that, yeah. The last two years have been, and that's a conversation for another day. But we've gone through a lot of trauma, a lot of disappointment, a lot of heartache, a lot of sadness and things that we had to shield our children from. Things that we had to figure out how to keep that brave face and how to not let it affect our family foundation.


You know, because that trickle down effect is so real. Yeah. Your kids know when you're not happy. They know when you're stressed. They know when you're struggling. They know when you're upset with one another. And they receive that energy and they project that energy. And that's something that is universal because there's not a single family out there that doesn't have trials, Tribulations, heartache, setbacks, financial stresses. I don't care who you are. You have experienced that. Yeah. So financial abundance, financial security, even for people that have that, that in and of itself doesn't mean that you're happy. S Right.


Some of the most miserable people that I know do very, very well. That's right. It doesn't mean that you come along with the skillset to know how to live a happy life and how to teach your children how to have a happy life. So that comment really, really stood out to me because she spoke on the troubles and the trauma and the word trauma that she used. And Rashan will speak on the word trauma. Sometimes he feels as though it's a word that's overused, but it's a word that represents something that so many people endure. The difference now is that we have words to identify how we feel and what we go through.


And it's articulated because when our feelings and our experiences are articulated, then you're able to communicate. Yeah. People are able to understand you. You're able to understand other people. You're able to have empathy and compassion for other people. 'cause now we're all speaking a universal language. Like the word triggered, like the word trauma, like the word gaslit, gaslit, you know, these are things that some may think are overused now. That's exact words. Yes. But it there is value there. Yeah. There is value there. Because now we can see each other. We understand each other. When you're trying to create a safe space, you know, how is it to venture into an unsafe space like the comets, especially with somebody that's on the air every day.


You know what, Emini here, people have an opinion about it every day. So I read every single comment, every Last comment, every two be interacting a lot. You can interact a lot. I interact. Yeah. It started when I had a lower follower account. It started because I always felt that if someone follows me, that's an investment and a small investment maybe. But it's an investment maybe. But it's an investment that they put into me. And they're looking at my content. Content. They're looking at my pictures. And you left a comment. I wanna respond back to you. I used to respond to almost every comment. Hmm. You know, but then when my followers went up, I wasn't really able to do that. And that was something that, you know, I, I had to take that on the chin.


I wasn't able to. But it's a sign of respect. And you said, why do I do that to myself? Yeah. Because I'm strong enough to do that. That's right. I'm strong enough to do that. The comments don't, if they are negative, And I have to say, I don't receive a lot of negative comments, thankfully, thank God. But if they are negative, I look at it as insight. I might ask myself, why might someone have that perspective? Why may you have drawn that conclusion to me? It, it feeds my mental, because I'm a thinker. I'm a deep thinker. I mull over things. I love to understand people. I love the concepts that kind of create society.


I love to understand cause and effect relationships and things of that nature. So for me, the comments are food. And they also bring me happiness when they're good. Yeah. It lets you know that you're reaching someone, you're whatever it is that you're putting out. 'cause it's, it's, it's in the sense of sharing, there's a lot of things that I don't share. You know what Emini here. So if I choose to share and it's well received, then that's a good feeling. I think that's why a lot of people are on, or part of the reason why a lot of people are on social media. You know what Emini here and I'm strong enough to do so. And that's because of the way that I was raised. Yeah. I was raised to be a very strong and resilient woman. It comes directly from my parents.


And I'm fortunate in the sense that I can look back and identify things about the way that I was raised, that created the individual, the woman, the mother, the wife that I am. And it's, for me, it's a very beautiful thing. Both of my parents are no longer here. So to be able to say, wow, when my mother did this every single day, or when she took me here once a week, or when she said this to me and those compliments. So, and that the way that she fed me and she fed my soul. And the joy that I experienced and the amount of fun that I had as a kid. Like, I loved my life. And it's not because we were wealthy, we were not, we're a middle, middle class family.


I'm from Brooklyn, from East Flatbush. We weren't raised, you know, like I'm from an urban area and it's not, it had nothing to do with money. It had nothing to do with wealth. It had everything to do with what my parents poured into my home and the love that I felt. And that is what we put into writing this book. There's a lot of books that we could have written. You know, so many ideas came. Oh. 'cause Real Life, real love was a huge success. It was a national bestseller. So it's like, you could write a book, book about this. You can write, we said, we wanna write a book about family. It's what we know best. Yeah. It's what we know best. We've had so many ups, so many downs, so many wins, so many losses.


So many things that we thought we were doing right. That we weren't, that we had to regroup and make sure that we were balanced. You know, as, as a married couple. Because when we didn't agree, it's like, my way is better. No, my way is better. And this, you know, we had, we had to come to a meeting of the minds. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. So our relationship, you know, the relationship grew, you know, because we had to learn how to see eye to eye as parents. So there was just, there was many, many ups and downs. And we wanted to pour that all into a book. You know, we wanted to let everyone know. Like, it's really that village mentality. It's really that like we are a community, especially our black community.


Because I'm black. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. For the record, he's black. For the record, He's hundred percent black, Spanish, black. He's black. But it's like I'm, I know that you're well aware because you speak to things of this nature often, but our history is being erased in schools and it's being stripped away silently in society. So the foundation starts in our homes. Yeah. We have to teach children how to identify themselves.


We have to teach children that sense of belonging. And they have to understand that they come from something meaningful. And if you leave it up to society to teach them that you're gonna wind up with children that are lost, that are overlooked, that don't know how to identify themselves, that get taken advantage of and that are susceptible to what society wants for them. So for us, our core, our nucleus, our foundation, our home supersedes anything else in this world. We put our family first.


Yeah. Would you say that you and Vy have two different Parenting Styles? Absolutely. Who is the more lenient parent? Who's the more lenient parent? It depends what it is. Okay. Like, you know, everybody knows, my dad is retired police officer and ex-military. So I'm disciplined. I was the yell of the screamer because I said so. Yeah. Gia is a lot different. Like, she wants to know why. Yeah. Yes. Did you feel that way? And I can tell she likes to break down shit. Yes. If you don't get it, you gonna get it by the end of Right. Burn that trip up on them words. Exactly. So you gotta think, really think before you speak to her. 'cause she's like, all right, well explain that. Like I just said it just because No, no, no. Explain this. But, so I'm more like, 'cause I said, so she's more like, well you can't go to the mall because of this, 'cause this could happen.


Explain your parenting style. Mine is, my dad was like, no. And you didn't ask why. It just, you don't ask why it was what it was. You just figured it out later. GI is a little different. I prefer The explanation. Yeah. Yeah. So that's how my parents were with me. I knew that my parents were invested in me living a happy, fulfilled, and fun life. Hmm. And we didn't go lightly on the fun. And because I knew that and, and my parents never said no, just for the sake of saying no. Hmm. Because parents are overworked and they are stressed. And the last thing they wanna hear when they walk through the door is, mommy, can I, can you take me here? Can you buy me this? Can we watch this together? Can we go like, slow down?


No. And sometimes you say no. You don't even know why you're saying no. That's not a good parenting technique. Yeah. You really have to take a moment. You have to take a beat. We all have to take a beat to listen to our children and be patient. And because I knew that my parents were invested in me that way, I knew that when they said no, there was a good reason. 'cause they would never slight me. They would never tell me no because they were too tired. They would never tell me no. Just because they didn't wanna be bothered. So it's like, oh, well if mommy said no, that means that I'm not supposed to be there. Or that means that she genuinely can't take me. And they both would take the time to explain to me.


Yeah. You know, like, you don't wanna go to that party in Coney Island because in that neighborhood there's a lot of shooting and da da da. And you're a young girl. And, and I'll take it a step further. You know what my parents used to do from time to time, they would take me to a party. Not the one in Coney Island, but a party. And they would park and wait outside for me for two or three hours. Wow. Until I came out. And this was before cell phones and all that stuff. My dad had this little portable tv and he would recline his seat, set the portable TV up on the dashboard and just watch TV until, or whatever it was that he was watching until I came out. That let me know that my parents rooted for me.


They wanted me to enjoy life. They, so when they told me no, I know, knew that I had no business considering it, considering whatever it was that I was considering. Take A step forward the other day, London, which is our 11-year-old, wanted to walk to her friend's house after school. A friend's house was a block away. Two blocks it two blocks, two blocks. Gia drives in a car looking like a stalker and follows them the two blocks as they're walking. I don't see a problem with nothing with that. But London knew. London was like, that's my mom following us. Don't worry. But she just wanted to walk. And Gia followed her ass right. To that house. Well The thing is that, you know, she's 11. So she wants to, all of her friends, like all of them, they walk home from school. 'cause they all live in the same neighborhood and they all walk home.


But London is not allowed to walk Home. Hell no. Absolutely. Positively not. And there's, there's this very significant reason for it. Well, at least a partial reason. And I said, all right babe, you can walk, but I'm gonna follow you. Yeah. Those two blocks, she was like, okay, mommy, no problem. Meanwhile you have other kids that might be like, oh, why can't I just can't You trust me, I'm 11, I'm not stupid. You know, o other kids were rebelled. Our kids are so conditioned to understanding that it's for their safety and they welcome it. Especially like our oldest Madison, Madison, when she went to college, she was like, can you chip me Like Chip, you Put a chip, like put a chip in her arm.


Wow. Because Talk, it's trauma. I never heard. Gia was almost kidnapped as a kid. They tried to grab her when She walking the dog. We know the story of Gaia's face being cut. So we, we are very extra when it comes to our kids. And then, you know, Charlemagne and you guys know things that has happened, you know, behind the scenes. But we are very careful when it comes to the Kids. Yeah. When I was nine, a man tried to abduct me and it was Awful. She was walking the dog kicked up little dog and all that. Yeah. He choked me out. Like he, oh, he actually, he had a change of clothes hidden. He was caught. He was caught. But that's that. Yeah. This, yeah, that story is in the book. But you know, so I experience, I under, I come from a place where I understand that the worst can happen to you.


You know, because we go through life. I like, oh no. That happens to other people. You know, other people go through things like that. I've been through so much that I understand that the worst can happen to you. Right. So I protect my kids with vigilance because of that personal knowledge that I have of it. Yeah. You know? How do You make sure you not, you're raising the kids out of love and not fear Though. That's such a good question. It comes with the explanations. Do you know what Emini here, I don't tell them you can't do this and you can't do that. Why? Because I said so let me explain to you why, you know, sometimes we'll watch the news together. You know, when they're at an appropriate age at about nine years old, you know, I think that they're mature enough to ingest certain things.


So what I do is I would record it on my DVR and then cherry pick different stories that I think that are appropriate that speak to the protective measures. Mm. That we take on them. You know what Emini here? Yeah. So it's like, if I see a child abduction that's not too traumatic, I might save that and then show it to a child that's old enough. You know, I did it with Madison, I did it with Logan. And I find that they take that into their adult lives. And they're very, very Madison, like Madison walks around like a police officer. She has a boyfriend. His name is Andrew. And when they go into a restaurant, she's the one that sits facing the door. She feels like the protective force in that relationship because her head is always on swivel.


You know what Emini here, she could tell you a car that was driving six cars ahead. Yeah. You know, and she's always paying attention to license plate. When she was young, I used to go through like, in case you get kidnapped scenarios because it's the type of information which that can save a child's life. She's id all day long. I also, She Be like, count the stoplights. They be like, she a personal experience. Drop pieces of rice on the through Personal. It's the type of information that can save young a life. Especially now with all of this human trafficking and all the stories with, you know, you, they, they put like a zip a zip tag on your, on your, they're getting very creative on your door and they put a dollar or money near your, there's all, there's all these techniques.


Girls are being taken. Yeah. So if you have a young girl, it is very proactive to educate them about the realities and the tricks and the cons. Yeah. That people, you know, because even me, as proactive as I try to be, that whole technique with a baby crying outside your house, I would, I would be inclined to open the door. Yeah. If I hear a baby crying in a, in a someone that sounds like a mother yelling and screaming outside the house. I am that type of person, but not me. But now you, I I am, I am. And I like something wrong. Now what's Emergency? I would my heart with my, I would be inclined to open that door.


But now with all the knowledge and some of the good things about social media is that so much knowledge is being spread. So now we're consuming good information Yeah. As well. So I heard that. I'm like, wow. That's absolutely, absolutely right. It jogs your thinking. It makes you say, oh wait a minute. I do have to put myself first. Even if someone else a stranger seems to be in need, I have to prioritize myself, my home, my family. So, you know, it's, it, it's important to spread information and to teach your kids, even though it may be a little scary, but you do have to do it in a way where it doesn't incite fear. Yeah. How do y'all, go ahead. No, you go ahead. How y'all pick and choose, what do y'all like, what y'all decide to be transparent about?


Because there's so much, like you have stuff that you have to protect them from just 'cause they're gonna school and you guys, people know you, but then you also have stuff that just happening in The World that they can encounter with their friends. Like, it's just so much. And your kids are getting older and they're like, you know, like they, they're wanting to walk by themselves with their friends. How Do you know? You know what, if it was up to me, I'm transparent with everything. Right? Gia has to hold back a lot. And the reason I think I'm so What do you mean? Well, The reason I'm so transparent, I'll explain, but the reason I'm so transparent is because No Question. Now hear that what you mean? I want you, I want you to answer her what you mean first I like, we should answer G first. Nah. But like, you know, So, so some things g you know, like for instance, like with Logan, right?


Logan, when he was in high school, used to get picked on all the time. Right. But he used to get picked on. Guess for what reason? Oh, being light skinned. No, 'cause because Charlemagne is gay. Is gay. Yes. Yes. So stop Being gay. I tell you all the time when you gave me The ass, that's why. What? Wow. Yo, he gave me the butt cake when he gave me the cake. That much better. You know, the butt cake he gave when he gave me No, we're not about the hey Bob, but it's don't do that. So used to be getting Made fun of because of That. So, But the reason I'm so transparent is there's so many families and people dealing with the same things, but never want to talk about it.


Right. Scared to. So that's why I talked about the orgasm thing in the first book. That's why in this, in the second book, we talk about, you know, the, the time Madison woo Orgasm thing from the first book. No, we're not doing that. Every interview you do that he googles it every interview. Lauren, do you wanna do some research? No, I already know. No, you should tell the listeners for those. So even like in this book, we talk about the time that, that Logan found a ready To prioritize yourself.


Your skin is a great place to start. DIME Beauty, founded by a master aesthetician is more than just a skincare company with four skin conscious categories, skincare, beauty, body care, and fragrance dime offers simple spa worthy products that will help bring your glow back. Whether you're revitalizing your regimen with nourishing products or building one from scratch, dime makes it easy. The work system, our all-in-one bestselling routine includes a cleanser of your choice, toner, serums, and moisturizers. Taking the guesswork outta skincare for your healthiest, happiest skin. Yet dime's commitment to clean ingredients and sustainable packaging ensures every product is as gentle on your skin as it is on the planet. With thousands of glowing five star reviews in a loyal community. The results speak for themselves. Revive your skin and give yourself the routine refresh you deserve by visiting DIME Beauty co.com. That's stein beauty co.com. Your best skin awaits.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out, watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating.


But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people. The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyland views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like it's your own private insert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, Bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features, support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain


University. Let's talk about that thing. You keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev,


A bloody condom at one of his friend's house. Mm. So he came, but he, he's he's comfortable. Why are you looking at that? It wasn't mine. I'm intrigued. He's like, oh, he found a bloody, it wasn't our house, right? He was At his, no, was at his friend's house. He was at his friend's house And, and he was like maybe nine years old. Nine Years old. He was about nine years old. But he was Comfortable enough to come with mom. Ask mom. He about it were in the basement and, and the little boy had an older brother. Oh, okay. So you Say, remember when Charlamagne gave daddy the ass s that? Oh my gosh. So she had, that's when we had the sex Talk and Gia had to have the sex talks with Logan and Madison.


What Kind of sex talk though? No, I'm sorry. It wasn't a backdoor sex though. So it ain't just birds and bees, it's birds and wasp and birds and, no, I'm saying birds. And they, they got a full blown Okay. Sex talk. They had to understand because if you leave it No backdoor sex talk, if that's what you, if that No, no. I'm really trying to figure out why was the condom bloody, I'm really someone, somebody ran a red light or Yeah, somebody just rip somebody butt open And I Somebody ran a red light out. Could also be like a First time thing. Yeah. Yeah. But no, they, at that point I found that they were old enough and mature enough and you're, they're encountering things now.


These conversations are being had amongst their peers. And I knew that if I didn't set them straight, that they were going to be absorbing all of this wrong information and wrong ideas. So I told them, sex feels good. It's a ful experience. God made us that way because God wants us to reproduce. Right. He wants us to create offspring. So he made it something that we would enjoy, but it's meant for someone that you love and that's the reason why. So they're like, oh, okay. So what is it like? Yeah. And What did you say? Okay. If I'm being honest, I Told them that there is a penis and there is a vagina and it does slide in and out.


And my son Logan was like, so like this. Yeah. I'm trying to make sure getting Right. I said Logan and Madison. Logan and Madison separate. Yes. There 11 walked. They're about 11. And I, I at that he that he, I'll never Forget since you asked, he was like, so is it like, it's like, I was like, yeah, something like that. I said, you know, some people look at it as a negative thing. He already, no, no, no. He really didn't. No, he really didn't. He really did. Even, Even like my 11-year-old son right now, he does not know. He asked me three days ago, like, what does sexual mean?


I said, it's not for you. It's not for you to understand right now. So when they asked me questions that I don't want them to know about, and he's older than Logan was, but now with I, I have a better grip on his friends and a grip on what he's exposed to, to on his phone and whatnot. And parameters, boundaries. So I'm really abreast of what he knows and what he doesn't, in our lines of communication are Way better, Way better. Like he like those kids, they come to me every day and when they get home from school, either for a half an hour, an hour, depending on what activity they have afterwards, they have their turns, they sit at the foot of my bed, they lay down or they sit down and they tell me about their entire day.


They tell me the best part of their day, the worst part of their day, and one kind thing that they did for someone else that day. So that's just our routine, that's our ritual. And they tell me everything. And you would be shocked and appalled to know the things that they divulge. But it's because we create that safe space. Yeah. We create that soft place to land. We create a no judgment zone. You could tell me anything. It could be the world's worst. I will never ever judge you. Hmm. I will help you fix it. We'll extract all the lessons, everything that you need to learn from it. Whether you were wrong, whether you weren't, whatever it is. Like this is your safe space. Yeah. And they have that foundation.


So they share. They share. And we take that time like we share. Yeah. You have six kids. So was there anything, 'cause y'all had all age groups, right? Yeah. So is there anything that you felt like in the beginning y'all didn't know and until y'all got to that six kid Of course. Yeah. Like what were some of the, the, I'll give you an example that You didn't know. You just was like, man, rashaan winging this. Like, I'll give, I'll give you an example, but to speak to what you said, like we wrote a book, that doesn't mean that we know everything and it doesn't mean that, that it's not an evolution. It doesn't mean that we're still learning every single day. Like I said earlier, it's a sense of community where we share our experiences and the wins and the losses so that other people can understand they're not alone.


Yeah. And it comes in all shades, all forms, all fashions, all financial groups. It, we all speak a universal, universal language as parents with Logan. So one of, one of the fails, and this was something that we disagreed on. So it was the explaining everything to the kids. I have the patience to do it. And he really is a, because I said so type of guy, and it worked beautifully with Madison, but with Logan from a young age, I would explain everything to him. And he's a mama's boy Times 30. And he tells us he is that boy.


Like we have a thing, you know, And I have a different thing with all of my kids, but me and him have our thing. Like, he calls me at all times of the day, all time. He will call me at three o'clock in the morning, like it's 12 o'clock in the afternoon. And she's like, yeah, what's up mom? What's going on? You good? Yeah, I'm good. I'm just, I'm, I'm at the club. I'm about to FaceTime you. Lucas and Andrew are here. Take a look. Take a look. And I'm like, what's up? Sleep is up. But okay, you know what? Emini here, like, we're very, very close. But it kind of went wrong with him because what we found was that we created an environment where he felt that he was entitled to an explanation. And he felt as though, because we gave him too safe of a space that he could challenge me and he can challenge a decision that I made.


And he's very, and he's very intelligent. Sounds like my brother. He's very, very intelligent. So Rashan always says that I'm like a lawyer, right? Yeah. He says it all the time. I know what it feels like. 'cause I have a Logan and Logan lawyers me. Do you know what Emini here? They Do it each other all day long. Yes. All day long. And, and in a lot of ways I enjoy it because I feel like he, he really does challenge me. Yeah. And he's one of the only people that I feel like does that in my life. And I love to see the mental ex exercise. I love to see how his brain is moving and how he's getting around the things that I'm saying and things like that. So it's good at his adult age now 'cause he's 21, but when he was a child, it wasn't acceptable because I'm going to explain because this is what I do.


But now you're not understanding that that's a grace that I show you. It's not something that you're entitled to. This is a courtesy that I'm extending to you, but you're not entitled. So we had to dial that back to teach boundaries. And then we had to teach boundaries and let him know his place. Yeah. Because he started to misunderstand his place. Yep. So that was, that was a a, a fail in a sense. And Rashan would always look at me like, see I told you, like, see, I told you because I'm always the bad guy because now I gotta go discipline that. Right? Yeah. So now me and Logan get into it, and now you can't beat Logan 'cause Logan Did.


So now I gotta discipline Logan and then me and Logan get into it. But one thing about Logan and, and all of our kids, which is the craziest thing, is they're very forgiven. Mm. Like with Logan, I have to get sometimes so disrespectful for him to understand and the next day he's like, Hey dad, what's up? And I'm like, Hey dad, what's up? But that's how he is. And he just has conversations. But we have those conversations and we understand and we talk. But he's, he, he's the one that just like his mom. Did you feel like a failure? No. No. I didn't feel like a failure, but I knew that that technique wasn't, wasn't necessarily a fail, but it needed tweaking. Gotcha. So then we had our other four and there was a huge gap. There was about nine years between Logan and London.


So I wanted to maintain what I always believed in and how I was raised, but I wanted to implement some of, because I told you so as well. Gotcha. Like, I am going to explain to you, but I'm going to let you know that it is because I'm showing you grace and it's because I respect you. So in turn you have to respect me and you have to respect the decision and we can talk about it as long as it's coming from a good place. And I'm, I'm not sensing any attitude from you, any entitlement from you or anything that I don't like to feel as we sit here and discuss it. So you gotta make sure you keep it right. Yeah. And my kids get it. So this pack of three, because Peyton's three years old, but my 11, my 10, and my eight, they get it.


Absolutely. Like I tell them, if they're really curious, they might question. And then after I say it again, they're like, okay, absolutely. Whatever it is. And so it's, it's, it's through that trial and error with Madison and Logan that we're able to take all the good stuff, you know, all the good stuff and pour it into this second batch of kids. No, go ahead. I feel like I'm asking so much, so. No, it's okay. So in the beginning, just tell us, shut up. Yo, going back. No, I'm not doing Now We come over there with you together. Don't say with us. No, no. Again. So going back to something you said earlier, you were saying that the past two years was very traumatic, not getting into that.


How challenging was it writing this book? Like was, was it ever moments where you and Rashan or just you like broke down? Like not like giving up, but it was challenging for you to get deep into any, you know, any of the chapters or what you went through within the past two years? You know what, I'll be honest with you, no pun intended, but I'm an open book. Mm. I'm not a private person. I've never been a very private person. And it's because feel as though the value in life is truth. Yeah. You know, even if it's not pretty, you know, there's no value to anything if it's not honest. Yeah. If it's not true, if it's not transparent, if it's b bs, it's worthless.


You know, if you wrap everything in a pretty bow, it's worthless because who can relate to you? Yeah. Nobody, I can't relate to people that appear to be perfect or pretend to be perfect. That's right. Because I don't know you, I don't know anybody like you. Hmm. You know what, Emini here. So anytime that I'm honest or I'm vulnerable about something, to me it's like giving a little gift from myself. It's sharing something that I know other people wouldn't share because they'd be too embarrassed or it disrupts the image that they're trying to present so that I don't respect. So it's very easy for me to tell my truth from where I genuinely come from. You know, I love that y'all have a family mission statement.


Yes. What, what, what is the mission statement? And tell people the importance of that. Well, just so we know we don't have it on our wall and it make the kids read it when they walk in the house. It's not that type of mission statement. It's not, it's not like that. So, so our mission statement is just something that we, you know, as a family, we all live by. Right. And I'll read some of them. And the reason is, is we are a cl a close unit, right? So if you see us together, we are all always out together. You, you see me the other day with, with Jackson. You seen me before And I, char may seen me before. So the mission statement is, we are a unit, right? We all ride together. Like we are really a unit, a unit. I'm an only child, so I am, I'm heavy into taking care of each other, right? We respect each other. Of course. It's simple. We like, we make sure that, you know, we respect each other's feeling.


We always have each other's backs. That's one thing that we always do. And it's, you know, sometimes when we have conversations up here, I always talk about my kids. So when they see stuff on social media, at times I have to stop them because they will go in, especially Logan. Logan Will go in, he's, he's like that. Oh yeah. We always love uplift each other and point out the good in one another. Right. So we see that more, especially with our girls in dance because they compete against each other a lot. Yeah. So when they do, we have to make sure that regardless of what happens, like a couple of weeks ago, London lost and we thought London got jerked. So I told, you know, I had a conversation with Brooklyn. Oh yeah. And Brooklyn was like, dad, don't worry, I'm gonna get first and second four. And she went out there and bust ass and got first and Second. She got first place and second place And gave, you know, gave the first place to her sister because that's what it was.


We represent each other at all times. That's how it always is. So we always tell our kids, if we are not there, you make sure that those parents come back and say, oh my gosh, he was such a pleasure. He was polite, he was this, even with Jackson at the game, you know, Jackson said, thank you 1,000,001 times to you. He said hello 1,000,001 times to you because that's what he's taught to do to you. Show respect. Yeah. One second before you go on with that. My goal for my kids is that when they leave our house, I want everyone that they come in contact with to know that they're well loved. Do you know what Emini here? Like, I want them to know that they're well loved what we teach you inside this house. You exemplify outside of this house.


And it's so interesting because, you know, as parents, we have a goal, you know, and these are goals that we vocalize to one another. So when we get calls from other parents, when our kids are on a play date, teachers, principals, our both sets of kids went to a new school and we got calls from like the parent, the teachers. Like, what are you guys doing in that house? Wow. What are you doing with these kids? Like, I've never seen this before. And all three of them are like this. It lets you know that you're doing something right. You're doing something meaningful. Those teachers know that they're well loved. And of course other children are well loved.


It's not that. But it's coming from a mental space that you understand. And like what we talked about earlier about articulating words and things, when you articulate something to a child and you do it in a way where they understand what it means and what their actions mean, because you can love your child to death. You could take a bullet for them. You do, you work hard, you hustle, you do everything for your kids, you love your kids, but they could still go out and be a menace, right? That's right. Because the lessons may be lost. And these are things that a lot of parents don't put into perspective when raising children. Because what do we usually do? We take it, we take like, you know, an idea and we throw it up against the wall and we see if it sticks or not.


You know what? Emini here. Oh, that worked. Oh, that didn't. Okay. But a lot of people don't have something tangible that they can go back to and be like, this is, this is, this is a way to create a foundation. Right. This is a way to create a structure. And because we had so many ups and downs, we were able to do that and put it in one place. And I think the biggest story I know you hate when I tell the story was Jackson, right? So we had a parent teacher's night a couple of weeks ago. Oh. And a teacher came up to me, teacher that I had no idea. Yeah. Didn't know who he was. He was a stem night. A stem night, Right? Yeah. So he walks over to me, he was like, are you Jackson's dad? And I'm like, yeah, when a teacher usually ask, that's usually some bs, right? So I'm like, oh, here we go, what did Jackson do?


And he was like, I just wanna tell you, you know, Jackson did something that no child a, a adult has done in my life. I'm like, well what? What's that? And he was like, the other day I'm walking down the hall and Jackson comes running up to me and he goes, you know, are you okay? And the teacher was like, what do you mean? He was like, you just don't look as happy as you usually do, or you are right. Is anything bothering you? Would you like to have a conversation with me and just talk it through? Psychiatrist teacher was like, what? He was like, Nah, you just don't seem as happy as you do, but don't let things stress you out. Just pray on it and tomorrow be better. All right? And if you need to talk to me, come talk to me. And he said Jackson ran off. And he was like, I've never had an adult or a child ever do that to me. So he was like, whatever you're doing at home, continue that. And you know what Emini here, that just shows what the kids are learning at home is worth everything.


Yeah. You know what Emini here, you need to report that teacher too. He don't need to be in the school System. Didn't even, nobody told the next day. He probably was like, you got some time at the, so if Logan was the only person, Emini here, London was the only person that saw him at Jackson. Jackson. Jackson. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Jackson's Name city saw his Name a city. So that was stem night. But at the parent teacher conference, one of the teachers said that if she could use one word to describe Jackson, it would be grateful. Hmm. Wow. And she said, in 30 years of teaching, I've never used that word with a child before.


And I said, well, what do you mean by grateful? Wow. He says, she, she said, every day after every lesson, he comes up to me and says, thank you for teaching me today. Yeah. And I said, really? And he said, she said where? Like, where did, like, where does he get that from? Like what's, what's like, you know, I said that's his own interpretation. But when he plays sports after every game, I tell him to shake the referee's hand and to shake. Look him in the eye. Shake your hand, look him in this, look him in the eye. Go to the coach, A nice strong handshake and say thank you. And do the same thing with your coach. Because these are people that give their time that don't have to give their time. That's right. And it's for you and for your benefit and your learning and your greatness. So you acknowledge that man or that woman and you say thank you.


So I think that that's his interpretation and how he's doing it in another way. You know what, Emini here, y'all Are such a beautiful family, man. Y'all Such a good job. Thank you man. Man, for real. Thank you. And this man will crash out for any of y'all. Like I know Jesse Seen me do it behind the scenes a bunch of times. Yeah. And Jessica was like, yo, you crash out for your family. I'm like, you god damn. Right. No matter what. What? Tell me I'm interested Crashing out. Excuse me. Nothing. No, I don't. Now shut up. Anyway. When is baby number seven coming? So Annoying? The shop is closed. Yeah. We Not more kids now. I know the ship has Sailed. Well, the shop is not closed. But when you Say closed meaning snip, snip, we ain't Snip. Oh no, no, there's no snip snip, but, but I know how not to get pregnant.


Okay. Oh, you Don't vasectomy, huh? My wife wants me to get a vasectomy. No, no. I don't want em to get a vasectomy. Okay. Yeah, we not having no more kids In Case you ever wanted. No, no. I just don't think it's necessary. I know how not to get pregnant. Yeah. Say that again. No Wives out there who want their husbands to get vasectomies. I'm sorry, say that again. For the hu wives who want their husbands to get, I don't know, other, other women may have gotten pregnant unintentionally and have a different view. But me personally, I just, you know, like people have asked me like, do, are you wanna get your tubes tied? I just like our, our natural bodies. Yeah. And I like them to function the way that they function. And if I can take a human precaution to prevent a particular result, then I'll do that.


I don't, I don't think that it's, for me, it's not necessary. I absolutely understand why people do both of those procedures, but for me, I just don't find it to be necessary. That's all Word. You know? I find my husband, oh God, Real Life. Real Life. Exactly. April 15th, it'll be out in bookstores everywhere. Everywhere you buy books, man. Gia, thank you for pulling up. That's, That's right. Thank you so much. You can pre-order on Amazon right now. And for everybody else, we just wanna add this last part. We actually wrote it with somebody that helped us out that you wanna talk about that, that, that, that helped us with terms and helped us with different phrases and helped us with, made sure that we were actually doing the right thing when it came to raising our kids. Yeah. So we wrote it alongside a psychologist because Oh, dope. Dope. Yes. Because we wanted to make sure that our outlooks, were we on the level that I would want to put it out to the public.


I wanted the psychological research and quarterbacking behind the way that we parent to pretty much put a stamp on it to know that what we are doing, not just from our personal experience driven point of view is sound, but from a psychological point of view is also sound. I wanted to make sure that alongside the truth and the transparency and the experience that we had, that backing to the book as well. I wanted that level of value in the book as well. So Yeah, that's right. And also, you know, if you have a child with anxiety, a DD, a DHD, other setbacks, other disabilities, yeah. You know, we speak to you in this book as well because those people are very, like, they don't have that many resources.


This book is for anyone who is a parent, a single parent, a parent that is married, a single Woman, maybe about to have kids a next seven Years. Someone that wants to have a child. I didn't look at you, Lauren. Wow. Nobody looked at you. Lauren. First Of all, you did look over here, I looked at you. Thank you. It's, it's, it's, it's forever. It's a very relatable book and there's a lot of exercises in the book. We kind of also created it in like a workbook style. So there's a lot of reflections, there's a lot of places in there for you to answer questions so you can kind of analyze yourself and understand your own point of view in a way of like articulation. Where if you haven't really thought about certain things, it'll jog you to think about things. And even if you don't do, don't take our take.


It encourages you and helps you to come up with your own takes on parenting. So yeah, you Have it. April 15th, guys. Pre-order it now. Pre-order it now. Real Life, Real Family. That's right. Casey Crew, it's The Breakfast Club. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The Breakfast Club. The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject To terms applies to orders over $35.


Top reasons your dog wants you to move to Ohio. Amazing dog parks to stretch your legs, all four of them. Dog friendly patios, even gourmet hot dogs loaded with the good stuff. Bone Appetit and Ohio has so many high paying jobs. You'll be top dog in no time. Jobs in technology, engineering, science, advanced manufacturing, and more the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Go to call Ohio home.com. Taking control of your career, career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that.


Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.