
This is an iHeartPodcasts. If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars. And the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed, The legend. Candace Parker, welcome. Thanks for having me y'all. How you feeling this morning? Nice being In the room. Goodness man. Nice having you. You know, you're one of those people like, you know, people always say like, who would you ever want to interview? And you really be like, oh, I don't know. 'cause you can't really think of nobody. But then when you see, you see you on the schedule, you're like, oh shit. Candace Parker, I'd love to have a conversation with Candace Parker. Well I appreciate you but I really enjoyed your book. The Can Do Mindset, how to cultivate resilience, follow your heart and fight for your passions.


Can you break down why you called it The Can Do Mindset? Yeah, growing up nickname Can Short for Candace, you know that. But my mom, I grew up with two older brothers, eight and 11 years older than me. And fast forward my oldest brother played 10 years professionally, played alongside LeBron for years. My middle brother became a doctor. And so I just saw these enormous role models that were doing so many great things. And I think sometimes I doubted my myself. And so my mom, from the time I was little, two, three years old, she'd always see the doubt in my eye and she'd always be like, can do. And it just became my mantra and it became my voice in my head and Emini here, it took me through high school knocking down game winning free throws to shoot even now.


And so then it became an acronym for Community Authenticity, navigating Negativity, loving the Dash, which is the journey in between seizing and creating opportunity. Well congratulations on August 25th year. Jersey will be retired well deserved. How does that feel To go back home to Chicago? I grew up in Naperville And I grew up a Chicago Bulls fan, Emini here. They won six championships in the nineties when I was living there. And so it became synonymous with winning. So to go back and play basketball in front of the people that first saw me pick up a ball and then to win a championship in front of the people that first saw me play basketball, I don't think Emini here.


That was super special. I couldn't have written it any better. And you know, I think first you dream of a championship being up in the rafters and second you dream of your jersey as well. You know, I think it was in the authenticity section of the book you were talking about, you know, being competitive, right? And how people don't let women be competitive the way that the men are. So when you see, And I know you get this all the time, but when you see the Caitlin Angel rivalry or whatever you wanna call it, isn't that just women being competitive? I think it's women being competitive, but honestly I think that the more visibility you get, the more scrutiny you're gonna get. Emini here. That's just nature. As women, I think society always tries to put you in a box.


So as athletes, we fit outside that box. You know, you, you're either too muscular, you're not competitive enough, but then when you show competitive nature, it's not ladylike. So whatever you do as a woman, I feel like until we break that mold in society where it's like, okay for us to be fierce competitors, I think you're always gonna have a different narrative. And so yeah, I look at it like it's competitive and it's two people going at it. And sometimes I think it's overblown. Sometimes I think that like you're making a basketball play and then there's 15 angles from different cameras that try to, you know, make it something it's not.


So I don't know, I'm just excited where women's sports is in general right now, right? Because people are talking about it, people know the names, people are following the brands and a lot of it has to do with the visibility of it. Women's sports has always been there, it's just a matter of people tuning in and paying attention. And I think organizations, broadcasters, all that, giving it a chance to succeed. Not putting it head to head up against NFL, not putting it head to head up against finals or MLB or whatever. And so I think now we're seeing more women's basketball and because of that, I think that's why it's grown. The reason I ask that, because I watch a lot of women's basketball and I've been watching angels since college. So since even that Kaitlyn incident, I've seen her and Aaliyah Thomas have a little kerfuffle.


Like she's always getting into it with somebody. But it's not the same reaction from people, it's just to me it's just like women out there playing ball, they're being competitive. And I think ball players know that. Yeah. But now you're getting the casual fans that don't understand that type of basketball. So I think it's a competitive nature. Now are there things that cross the line? Yes. Are there comments and you know, discussions behind things that cross the line? A hundred percent. And I think, you know, we have to get that under control, but to me, I think half the time it's more competitive than anything but It's rivalry as well. I remember, you know Reggie Miller with the choke sign, we, you know, we still want action with him regardless.


It's still things that's gonna make the press push it a little more Said we Nick fan By the way. I'm sorry man. I'm sorry about what happened. I know, yeah, it's okay though. It's okay. Can I Just say maybe Nick shit Say listen, I'm a Bulls fan so you know where we're at. Oh y'all About here. Y'all been about it. Y'all been camp Camp. But listen, what is Saying if you're not first or last? So technically no, I like, we weren't even in the playoffs so it's Okay. And I wanted to ask, you know, you dominated the w the WNBA broadcaster mom author, which was the most difficult journey and why Motherhood is a journey that is the greatest gift gives you the most rewarding feeling, but it's also the hardest job that you can have.


You think you have it figured out and then you have another kid or you think you have it figured out and there's another stage of life. I have a 16-year-old daughter, a 3-year-old son and a 1-year-old son and they are all different and they have all taught me so many different lessons and I'm just super grateful for not only what I'm able to bring to the table and what I teach them, but the, but the lessons they've taught me, like they have humbled me so many times. They have checked me so many times they have made me look myself in the mirror and ask myself am I doing what I'm asking them to do? And so I think motherhood is one of those things where I'm just so grateful for it. I'm so grateful for, for my daughter and what, you know, us being able to kind of go through my career and grow up together and fumble and bump and live across the water and all of those things.


And then I'm super grateful to be able to now take a moment with my Sonos and be able to have a different type of perspective in motherhood and parenthood. What's a, what's a moment in motherhood that made you feel more powerful than any championship ever did Was it was when they fi you finally got her hair right. You know what's so interesting? She's 16 now, she's just got her permit, you know, she's getting ready for her super sweet 16 that's coming next week. And honestly I think it's just those moments where she comes and climbs in my bed and we watch a TV show and we're able to have those like just conversations about what's on her mind and things like that. So that to me is like, it's not the big things, it's not the celebrations, it's not, you know, all of those things.


It's like those little moments for me that make me super grateful for, you know, our relationship. I I love the way you broke that down in the fumble chapter though, because it's just like I, I got four daughters so I've seen that struggle firsthand, but I've never seen nobody like really talk about how stressful it is to want to get your daughter's hair correct. When I tell you, so growing up it was like my mom, my hair was always laid like, it was like she would tell me, no, we're not having everybody talk about how you look crazy. You know, I had the barrettes, I had the braids, I was the, the little girl and her only girl. So I was dressed, you know, all those things.


And you know, I think all of the black girls out there can understand fried dyed laid to the side Emini here I had relaxer at in six years old. So when it came to like my daughter's hair, I kind of took those same kind of foundation from the black mom mentality of trying to control. And my daughter has taught me like she loves her hair, she wants to wear it in in her natural style, she wants to try different things and I've had to kind of like take a backseat and learn to not try to control. There are some days where I, you know, I, I let her do what she wants to do with it and it has become a process and it has become something that, you know, I have learned to kind of take a backseat for and I'm, I'm grateful for her for teaching me that.


What, what part of your personality do you think was misunderstood the most during your playing career and this book helped you to like, I guess reclaim the narrative? What's so crazy to me is I think when you're going through just trying to figure stuff out, you're just trying to figure shit out. Like that's what you're trying to do, but you're going through life trying to like mask it. And for so many parts of my life during some of my greatest triumphs winning championships, winning MVPs, I was going through struggles behind the scenes within motherhood and balancing that within relationships within, you know, trying to figure out how to be authentic in who I am. And I think the person that I became in that process and who I was for my teammates wasn't always great.


It wasn't always who I was. And so I think through writing this book, it has helped me better understand who I wanna be, who I commit to be, but also like giving myself grace through those moments. Because I think sometimes we show up and we feel like we have to be, be this at work, but we're still not ourselves and the people around us know that and then they start treating us like those people that we aren't and then it just snowballs outta control. So I think who I am, people may have had a different idea, you know what Emini here And I wasn't always proud of the way that I treated my teammates or how I showed up to work every day, but sometimes when you're just trying to show up and you're trying to make it, you know, that's the best that you can do.


So I think I kind of like went through that and processed that In writing this book, what was The most difficult thing you had to write in the book though? The one difficult thing you was like, you thought about maybe I should take out or you cried or it was that hard. It's really difficult to tell stories that are, that need to be told that aren't going to paint certain people in, in a, in a positive light. And I think I struggle with that because I like to take the blame. I like to take the onus on myself in games and losses and missed shots and whatever. I like to say that I've always had a part in whatever happens. And so writing this, it's trying to figure out how do you tell these stories and how do you tell it where it's, it's your story to tell whereas you're not telling somebody else's story.


'cause I was very conscious of that. So just kind of talking about like my parents' divorce and talking about, you know, leaving the sparks, the la sparks and deciding to go to Chicago, talking about my wife and then also like near and dear to my heart, like Coach Summit, my coach in college passed away in 2016 and kind of navigating that and what to share, what's intimate that I need to keep with myself to myself and what can I share and would I have her blessing in, in, in sharing. Hmm, you you ha has your greatness ever made you feel isolated? Like people only saw Candace Parker the player, but not Candace Parker the person. You know what's so crazy, you know in basketball there's like a finite time, right?


The ball is gonna eventually stop bouncing, you know, father time Emini here LeBron has kind of proven that's not the case but for most of us. But it's like your identity becomes the game. Like you keep the main thing the main thing that's been my gift my whole life. Basketball has been the main thing. I gave up prom, like left prom to go to basketball, lived abroad to play basketball. But it's like when you retire your identity of the who and the what is separated and you realize like the people that really saw you for who you are versus what you did. And so I think that was the biggest struggle for me is, is like everybody has that mourning that death after you retire.


Emini here I love basketball. It was my first love And so I think yeah like separating my identity from that And I was very conscious of trying to show people like I am a history buff, I love to travel, I'm a foodie, I love wine, tequila, connoisseur, like all of those things. I'm so much more than just basketball. And so having that separation I know is like huge for athletes. It is a struggle like talking to people that have retired and have gone and walked that path because it is, it is a death. A little bit jealous How Who, how you grieve. Then My family, honestly my wife, I'll say my brother as well, my oldest brother went through this and he seamlessly transitioned.


I planned the transition ahead of time. You know, I started commentating, gosh way back in 2015, 2016 I started transitioning. I started doing more business and paying attention and wanting to be at the table and in meetings and things like that. So the transition occurred before it officially the ball officially stopped bouncing. But boy there were days where I'd wake up and it's just like you miss that feeling of walking in and 18,000 people are screaming your name and like the, the feeling of like your family's identity is that like they plan their summers around when my games were or or trips or you know, you've been doing it since a kid though. You've been doing it since. And it's crazy because you realize although I don't like attention, that's not what I play basketball for.


It's an event you go play, everybody watches you play. It is the attention your parents give you it It is. And then afterwards everybody's like, where are we going to eat? You go eat. Then it's like, you know, and it's like you don't realize how much of that is a part of your life. And so for me I think that was the hardest thing. But like I said, I had my family, we had my son last year and he just, he just was like, he had the ability to make me stop and realize like that's where I was supposed to be. I've always been 15 million different places. And so I think honestly my son heart made me really appreciate retirement 'cause I got to enjoy all the little things But jealous is not the the right word, but do you ever get jealous or feel a way when you look at the way m WNBA players are treated now than when you guys played?


I just remember like two, three years ago And I was on a plane flying from Atlanta and there was some players from the Atlanta team Oh yeah. And they were on the back of the plane and they couldn't get first class seats and they were riding and they were struggling and they, you know, even said NB talk this talk about this on the radio. But now when you see and they're starting to fly private and they're starting to make a little more money, they're starting make endorsements. Do you ever feel a way like damn you, You got feel, you got to feel a little bit of that. You know what's so crazy though? I'm like the biggest Steph Curry fan. You remember when he signed that deal? It was like a $40 million deal years ago. Poor and everybody No, no, no, it was for the NBA Oh it was right after his ankle injury and everybody kept asking him about it 'cause it was right during their run in 2015.


He was like, I never count another man's pocket. Like that's just not what I do. I feel like that's the purpose. Like if we didn't leave it better, what are we doing? Like I don't want them to have to go through what we went through. But I also know that Cheryll Miller, who never got to step foot in the WNBA, didn't want me to not have, have a league to play in. Do you know what Emini here? And so I think like yes, sometimes would it have made, would I scored more points if, if we had a private flight waiting for, would I would have made more, would I have made more like school performances? If I could get back the night of the game and been able to sleep and rest and recover, would I probably had a lot fewer injuries? A hundred percent.


But I feel like I'm proud because I know my, my name will be mentioned in in the conversation of those that made it possible today. Dope. Like made the things possible today. I remember flying commercial in premium plus in a middle seat next to Sylvia Fowls going to play them in the game five of the WNBA finals. We, we like wrestled over the armrest. I won but like they won the game. But I won the armrest battle And I remember thinking like, this isn't how it's supposed to be. Right. But now on the other side, I want to, I want ownership. Like I wanna own a team. Like I wanna be a part of that in making it better as well.


So I can't count another woman's pocket. I don't want to, I've done one myself in the ability to take care of my family and have all the opportunities I have today because of the Sheryl Millers and the Nancy Lieberman's and Shameika host laws and all those that came before me In Your 16 year career. Did you feel the difference though? I always ask my aunts this question, right? Because my aunts like, they're older right? 80 something years old. So they lived, they were in school during segregation. Yeah. Right? So now they they know a a integrated world. Did you feel the difference? Oh I felt the difference a hundred percent. Okay. But I also felt the difference in the ebbs and flows. Got you. Like they were some, there was one year where the WBA signed a deal with the Holiday Inn Express and every time Jesus I would walk into the Holiday Inn Express my, the fans would be,


If you are not watching BMF on stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up, they're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know that means trouble. The rest of the Flury family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi, Cerebro, sky Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines Next level BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th only on stars. And the Stars app


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day Brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you today American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30.


Like what are you doing here? You know what, Emini here. So I've been a part of the WNBA at the highest of highs and the lowest of lows. And I talk about it a lot in the book about the WNBA and the business plan that needs to happen to continue this growth, growth and to foster this growth because I just, that was what I had an issue with for so long. Like scare money doesn't make money in order to to have something you have to invest in it and you have to invest properly. And I think now we're getting billionaires that see and have the mindset and the business savvy and it's about competition. You see like Vegas had a practice facility, now New York wants to practice facility, then Phoenix has a like competition is what started the NBA.


You look at that like Johnny Bus wanted a championship team because of red arb Auerbach. Like that's what, that's what facilitates growth. And so I think the WNBA is finally catching up to that. I I do you think The World has truly reckoned with how different your career would be if you were a man with the exact same talent? I talk about it a lot. Yeah. McDonald's, all American 2004, Dwight Howard and myself, we were the number one players. I was woman's, he was men's And I actually, there's a blurb in the book where there, And I went to prom when I was in high school and our trajectories were so different after that day And I was angry. I remember being angry 'cause like inside my house, my mom and dad you can do and be anything and you know, at that point you couldn't have NIL money.


So I'm watching, you know, my quotes be on shirts sold. I'm watching everybody in Knoxville wearing my journey jersey And I'm wearing, I'm eating Papa John's before games because the, the school can't even pay for my meal because it was illegal at the time. And so in the, in the book I talk about kind of like I was really upset 'cause yes, he's six 10 big strong, but he had this league laid out that was already growing, that had already been through the growing pains of what I was about to go through. And then I just was like, my left hand is better than his. And so I was mad 'cause I was like, you know, he has this league to go develop and use his name and image and likeness And I have to wait four years go abroad and, and compete in a league that, you know was geez, 20 years young.


Wow. Wow. And a another part of the book I love, you know, it was interesting to read about how you came to grow to love your wife, right? And, and it had me thinking what 'cause you, you, you, you did like guys. So it had me thinking like, what else about yourself Did you realize this is, this just isn't me? What's so interesting is I think I've spent my entire life standing out and somehow in that process sometimes I did things just to stand out. Mm. And not really listened to myself and who I wanted to be. And that's kind of opposite of what I've always tried to live by.


And for a long time I, it took my daughter really being like, are you happy? You know, for me to really look myself in the mirror and say am I just going through the motions? And at 20 years old I don't think you realize how long 20 years or 30 years or 40 years is right and just kind of gritting your teeth and you know, getting through things is what I had grown accustomed to. And I think it was allowing myself to be open. I always grew up envisioning myself with a prince charming always. I never, yeah in a million years when I'd do those little trashy magazine things I would always talk about Prince Charming and it's crazy 'cause sometimes life hands you things in packages that you least anticipated coming in.


And that's what happened with my wife Emini here. She's my best friend and she's been there through the ups and downs And I think it was about like her And I both being like, wait a minute. Like are we allowing other people's judgements to dictate the next 30 or 40 years when like I'm gonna allow my Instagram followers to really determine who I say good morning to and who I say goodnight to every single night. And I had to take a step back 'cause I really don't care what people think, but then I really did. And so it was kind of just like that evaluation and looking myself in the mirror. When Did you realize, what was that moment When I didn't fight it? I would say we were at a museum.


I'm a big like nerd. I love like all types of museums and it was her mind, like it was her knowledge and like just her ability to carry a conversation. And my brother said something when, when her And I got married my brother said something that really stuck out to me and he said, you know, Candace needs somebody that's strong enough to put her in her place but soft enough where she feels vulnerable and ability to like kind of like lay, lay your head on your shoulder and be that vulnerable person. And when I realized I was, I was doing that where I, you know, she would say stuff And I wouldn't have any response. And at first some of my friends were like, hold on, who is she?


Like, you know what, Emini here because that's not normally what happens. And then the same thing where I would confess things that were bothering me or you know, have issues and be comfortable enough to share. I think that's, that's when I noticed. Did The people in your life know how difficult it was for you to keep I guess her a secret? 'cause Emini here, like in the book you Emini here I, I got, I confronted, I got frustrated when you was talking about how you wanted to tell your brother but you didn't tell your brother. I'm like, just tell him he loves you, you know, but did did they know are they gonna read this book and realize for the first time like damn I didn't know it was that serious. I've been on the other side of it where I've been the person that has been like everybody knows Just say it, just tell 'em.


But I think everybody comes to grips with it at a different time. I know we live in a world that has pride month and has all of these things, but it is scary because you are put in another category. You know, I'm already two so now I'm gonna be put in a third and with, you know, someone that isn't black, she's Russian and white. And so you you wrote that in the book. Yeah, Emini here. I think it's one of those things where it's like what am I getting myself into? And I know my family's gonna love me, but I have always done things to separate myself and excel and be a role model and be an example. And I think at that first moment I'm like, are my nieces and nephews gonna be allowed to come out and visit me?


Like are is my family gonna accept her when we have children? Are they going to look at them as their grandkids or, so there's all these questions and things you go back and forth with in your head. And I know it seems easy, especially when you're not and you're looking at The World and you're like, oh well it's so open and accepting. But it's like you've never sat there and seen the glances of like, you know, people judging or you know, you never walked in the rooms and you know, heard voices give you validation but you hear whispers behind you like oh you know, she's just like them or she's you know, whatever. And so I think that's the biggest thing is my brother was amazing throughout the entire process.


My family was great but my wife's parents didn't talk to her for almost a year. Wow. You know, like we had family members that we have separated ourselves from because in in front with my family and with my kids, this is the standard. Like this is how we're gonna be treated. And so there had to be, we couldn't go through this process ourselves and help others go through it. So we had to do it ourselves, be okay with it, be strong enough and then you know, go forward with it. Can you can't rush it. The sexuality part was one aspect of it, but you also talked about the race aspect of it. Like you really cared what Dr. Umar thought that much.


No, but it is, it's a different dynamic when you walk it. You know what Emini here, like first of all like, you know, even with our kids it's like you know they have a black mom and a white mom and you know, it's like navigating the, the race element and the conversations. We've grown up in two completely different countries. So having those conversations, like she's not coming from a place of understanding through experience. And so like even so you know, we are confident and we're cool within our household but it's like you don't understand the other noise that's going could mess that up if that makes sense.


Have there ever been a time where you dimmed your light to make others feel comfortable, especially in rooms full of men? A Hundred percent. You know, it's so funny. I was sitting, I was sitting on the shop and it was with Draymond Green. Bron was there, Mav was there and they were like, you know, people don't understand what it's like to be a black man and be the only one in the meeting. And I was looking around like, like what Y'all really just said that like read the room, you know what Emini here. So I think sometimes you have to pick your battles a little bit. As a teammate, my job is to make those around me better.


So same thing when you're sitting at these tables, like the point isn't to make people feel stupid or feel small. The point is to make them understand the need for different voices at the table. And I would say diversity of thought. You know? And you know, I've sat at so many tables and been the only I'm comfortable but I'm tired of being the only, right? Like when I went into t and t as the, the only female on that set, you know a lot of people think, hey I want you, you know, you you you trying to be one of the guys.


Like no, I'm trying to be one of the players. That's it. So treat me as such word. The way I see the game is way different than Shaq. Shaq throw the ball down, low barbecue chicken Shaq, other people have to do moves. I don't even can't be watching against, we just can't. Yes. But like the way he played was just so dominant that he doesn't understand that people have to do stuff to score. He's like just throw it down there and score. And it's like Kat can't do that. He's not. Wow. Wow. Wow. Do you know what Emini here I'm, I'm not saying but I Kat can't do that D Wade And I, we can't do that. We have to do moves and use the mental aspect and element of it. But I feel like the value that is brought to the table, if you had 15 shacks, what at, you know, as analysts, but he brings value to the equation because he was so dominant and it gives you a bird's eye view of like dominance.


And so I just think anytime you have different people at the table, you're gonna bring different perspectives like why not? And so it just drives me crazy. I watch First Take, I like Stephen A Smith, he's super knowledgeable about the game but like the people that comment under my, my posts about how I'm a woman And I never played the NBA And I should shut the F up and blah blah blah. But they are like Stephen A Smith has the Bible for the NBA and it's like he hasn't Played even played either, Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's just because he's a man, you know, he's a man And so I just am continuing to fight that stigma. I'm open for the challenge, I'm up for it. I grew up with two older brothers. All we did was make fun of each other.


So I'm, I'm game I can speak that language but it's just having the opportunity to like separate myself. Like don't like me as an analyst but don't not like me because I'm a woman. That's my thing. Was There ever a moment when you I know, I know she gotta go. Was there ever a moment that you wanted to give the game up at all? There was a moment in the middle of my career where I asked myself, are you having fun? 'cause I always had fun playing basketball. It wasn't about the money, it wasn't about the stage, it wasn't about who was in the chair. I would have fun shooting after practice by myself in the gym. But in the middle of my career when I was going through all those injuries and hadn't won a championship yet And I was super stressed.


Yeah. I thought about it And I think it's one of those things where it's like your first love. It never leaves your heart. Like you always find your way back to it. And even though I'm not hooping now, I'm brainwashing my Sonos the hoop, my daughter's volleyball. But I, I'm Park boys are coming. I'm telling, I'm telling you. 6 10, 6 11. Yeah. Point forward. Yeah. Seven. We got a bro body type and a wim be so okay we coming. Let it let it be known right here we coming right now You, you said something just not that the perspective thing is ill about what you said about Shaq 'cause it's just like yes he was the probably the most dominant player we've ever seen. So he only knows that that's, he thinks it's so easy if you Eat barbecue chicken and I'm like Shaq, it's not barbecue chicken.


If it was the case we would have, people would just do what you do. Like it just doesn't work that way. And so I just, I don't know. He's brilliant in his own right. It's just people can't play the game that way. Yeah. Two more quick questions. Is there a WNBA teammate you didn't appreciate in the moment but now you realize that person was vital to your growth? Hey, that's a really, really, really great question. I would say I appreciated her in the moment but I don't think I appreciated her enough in the moment. I would say definitely Deia Milton Jones, I think she's someone that was in the league for such a long time. She had such an amazing career longevity, won championships with the Sparks, played different roles, played key roles, came off the be like she did it all.


And so I think she genuinely wanted me to succeed and you know, I was a rookie when she was there and you know, we got in some brawls alongside, she beat me up in practice coming off screens and it was like all that was tough love 'cause she loved me. My last question and you know, you talk about a lot of things in the book, but what's something you haven't forgiven yourself for yet? Even if nobody else knows about it? I would say I struggled for a long time in the closing seconds of games mentally. Wow. I did because the results didn't work out for me. I talk about that a lot in this book about how naive I was. My rookie year we lost by a last second shot nine years later I was still losing by last second shots And I felt myself in those moments tense up when prior I would relish in those moments.


Like I would be, I would want the ball And I would find myself shying away from those moments because I had conceded to the fact that it was just not gonna work out. And it took my brother, it took me finally realizing how to relinquish results and just live in the process. The dash right? Enjoying the journey. It took a Kobe Bryant text message to me that was like, it's better the hard way. You don't die with bullets in the chamber, right? Like you go down shooting. And it was that text message and just the support from my family and friends that allowed me to win the championship. And it came down to the closing moments.


And in those moments I just played and it could have not worked out, it could have worked out. But I just, since that time when I lose, I'm not in bed for four or five days. Like I'm gonna commit to the process, I'm gonna commit to the grind. I'm gonna honestly try to stay at that like even, even keeled mentality and that's in life as well. And I wholeheartedly believe things will work out the way that they need to. All Right. Candace Parker and ladies and gentlemen can Do Mindset out right now. Go get it. Thank you so much. We appreciate you. I Appreciate you Man. Alright. Thank you. The season starts back up. Check in on us. Come on up here, we'd to talk to you. Hey Say Less and WAA season up right now. So come talk to us. It's Candace Parker, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake That ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th only on Stars. And the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.