
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top. Busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth mouthwatering, waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


They're taking black jobs. Black Jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices Probably not. Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for you. What's that? Making sure The guy that said, black Jobs never becomes President again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for president.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new Jeans. Carol g, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and K's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke zero sugar. 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave and we got Laura LaRosa filling in Of course. And we got a special guest and family to the room. She's back. Ladies and gentlemen, Ms. Pat. Hey, Good morning Ms. Pat. Good morning You. know I, I was looking forward to seeing your ass 'cause I just knew you were gonna be shining up like you just left Diddy house. He know Who on lost your life for a time Every morning. I didn't think about that. He looked like he stop at the airport or some old nigga shine his face something When that Old pair of black shoes, when That thousand bottles of baby oil came out, I was like, Charlamagne, That's the first thing you thought of Charlamagne because he be oil up.


I was like, puffy bought that damn shit during the pandemic and he had it ready too. Boy. Do you think he was using it for nefarious means or he just buys in both? I don't know What afar means, But All I know I'm gonna, Hey, I'm gonna say this 'cause this worked for oj. Look the he was black and he was ashy. So you telling me can't no black man have no thousand bottles of I just bought a sale of three boxes of bath and body work. You going to tell me I can't keep stuff to refresh my booty hole around my house with Thousand bottles Though? Well sometime, sometime your Sam card will make you do that shit. See But if it was Vaseline, I might believe it. 'cause we, we was, you had to have Vaseline in the house, but baby oil was like Lubricant now A certain amount of money.


You don't use Vaseline no more? Oh my baby. Oh, that petroleum clogs your skin. Really? Yes. That's what they said. I don't know. I use both but I'm just saying You use baby oil like the moisturize. I Don't use no baby oil. Oh Yeah. I like Gold Bond, the lotion. Oh we know nigga. I'm surprised. Have You been following the case? Do you think you should have got a bond? Why y'all be, this is a big show you started. You came, you came Because I thought about your face nigga. I always look like a walking deal though. You know. Well I mean he had 700 wasn't true about the 700 deal.


Do I seen that Too? But I didn't wanna bring that up. That wasn't, I, I didn't seen anything about, I like where You know who Counted the, I wanted to Count the date. Yo. Who counted the Dicks day? I wanna know who was in charge that did it house. If this for real and say Diddy the Charlamagne dick. Miss. Can you imagine that conspiracy charge though? Wait, everybody start getting called in on conspiracy. Ooh, because somebody had to go buy the dildo. Ms PI Would've bought a dildo. I'm an assistant. Im not gonna ask him what he need. I got a gay daughter. Shit. She got a shoebox with about 40 of them bitches. No, I found it. It fell out the closet. Oh God. I wanna know who job was it to wash them?


D Doze. Oh. Oh. Did my daughter put her husband a dishwasher? So I'm, I got some dishwashers. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah Dishwasher, where your Dishes go? You got a dick washer? You She put the dildos in the dishwash. Her lesbian put they dildos, they soak 'em in essence salt so they can get the strength back and then they stick 'em. Wow. Stop laughing nigga You know you something to get the elastic back tight. Oh my goodness. This was So you opened up your dishwasher one time You could see the dish? No, it was her dishwasher and was right there next to the plate. Does She have multiple or she watchess her regular dishes?


She got multiple. My daughter keep dicks on Dick. That's right. Yeah. I don't know why they want cold dicks. I need somebody else. So my tit is but more power to 'em. You Said you got in trouble last time you came here. Trouble ain't blame it on somebody else. No It's not. As you get trouble Up there. I didn't get the whole story out Right. I don't got in fucking trouble. I don't went viral. You know. I don't like going viral. Then first thing people wanna say she fat. Let me tell y'all motherfucker something. I came into this business fat and I'm probably going to die fat. Leave me alone. All y'all ever say is I'm fat. I know I fat. I put, I put, I pull my drawers on and off. I see the how the Alaska has stretched out. I know what I am and I'm okay.


Are You sure they calling you fat or they just might be misspelling your name on Instagram. Fuck you. I love this Miss Pat. I can't stand this. So Chest, cat, You know. So Ozempic is big. Has anybody, have you ever said I'm gonna try, I tried Ozempic it, it messed up my, my gallbladder. I had to go get my gallbladder taken out. No Problem. How Long ago was this? About a co about last year. I got my gallbladder. I my stomach kept hurting. And. I wasn't losing no weight anyway. You know my whole family on No Ozempic. We still do Door Dash. So you Was early in The kick waiting. My husband will be passing gas and shit and he got off for it 'cause the gas won't let up.


So, but my husband lost a lot of weight on those days. Hey, did I ain't, I don't, I'm, I'm, I said to tomorrow, I gotta go walking. I gotta do something. I'm sorry. I mean, did the Doctor tell you why you Ain't ain't no doctor told me shit. Mm, ain't no doctor told me that. I just, sometime I feel like I need to lose weight just a couple rows so my vagina can breathe. Did your husband get the pic like neck in head? You know when they lose the weight and it looks different. No. What what neck? What you talking about? You, you never seen that. When people lose weight on those pic you're like, you're, the way you lose weight, You look different. No. Yeah, I seen a lot of 'em looking different. I just left the Emmys and there was a lot of zip bodies on that damn red carpet. I was like, I need to get back on this shit. These people looking like french fries walking around the smoke. How you be feeling when you be at the Emmys? Miss Pat like, like when you be there you be like, damn, I done done work so hard and I'm here now.


You know what it It, Well, I, my my show is on BET and BET plus. So I, I do sit back and say You know I gotta, I gotta pat myself on the shoulder. I'm the first one to ever get a Emmy nomination for BET or BET plus. Wow. And then I'm sitting in a room with such great shows. You know I'm not a, I'm probably the smallest network in there, but I'm there and it, I've been going back for the last three years for my show. So I'm thankful You know I don't need a trophy to certify that I, I know what the fuck I'm doing doing right or I'm good. I made a great show. I don't need nobody pat me on no back because I always look at the audience each year I get renewed. They tell me I'm the shit. I don't need no trophy.


They gonna go home and fade and, and tell me how good I am. It's the third nomination for the show. The third nomination. Absolutely. Clearly somebody at the Emmy is a fan. Now people are watching it. Which is there. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I mean And, I gotta say it's, it's, it's, it is for the same white director. But I will say this 'cause people are like, why she keep getting nominated every year. She's been nominated like at least two. That was Jordan episode and he got sick and she took it over and she got the nomination. No. Really? Wow. First time he, something's wrong with it. Second time he had Covid. I think both time was Covid. Every time she took over that episode for him, she got nominated for an Emmy. Wow. So it has a lot to do with the episode too.


The episodes are pretty strong. So You know it is what it is. Did You see the difference in the episodes when Jordan shoots and when she shoots? Or is it No. Is that much of a difference where he she keeps getting nominated Uhoh? I, I don't know. I don't know. I mean, she's way more experienced than Jordan. I I do think it has a lot to do with the episode itself too. You know because they been working together so long. You know she's taught him a lot. 'cause she been in the business for over 30, probably 30, 40 years. And I'm quite sure he brought in some new stuff and showed her too. So I just think You know. I I think it has a lot to do with the directing, but also the episode that gets nominated. Got you. And you back on tour. Hot and flashy tour.


Hot and Flashy. Yes. What that mean? Is that like a play on hot flashes? No. Yes, kinda. But I'm hot and flashy. Don't you think You know? I'm 52 sometime 53. So You know. It's, it's all about, I do have a few menopause jokes on this tour, but the whole tour is not about going through menopause. And it's something I think women should not be ashamed to talk about. You know, when you hear the word menopause, you ought to madly think we drying out DJ Envy. I'm not dry. I piss slowly. So I'm always some type of wet. Okay. Why, why, why? Like for what reason was that need to be told To let You know? Black ass And I still got them juices flowing.


Thank you. No baby need It? No baby oil need it for this right Here. Why did you say 52 sometimes 53. It Is a, it is according to what chair I'm sitting in. God Damn. The first thing Vince Pass said I'm glad y'all got rid of them. Them ugly ass chairs we used to have. They was hurting my back. Oh my God. I was so sick of them fucking prom chairs. I Was like, who? It was black baby shower vibes. Yes. Yes. It's so ugly. They were so ugly. And I'm surprised these fans didn't call up and tell y'all how they did, how em escalated. You looked in them. We Look gay. That that's, wait, you think that's what made them look you trying to use big words? Say we look, said we was Black kings.


Black Kings in, that's not how it looked. That Escalation Ed You know what I'm trying say? Yeah, I heard you. I got you. Thank you. Yeah, I only got one. And plus you had all that fucking baby oil on you slipping out that chair every morning. I ain't never wore no baby oil. Nigga. You be shiny. You a little dry today. But I think the only reason why you dry and because they found all your evidence that puff Put you done changed it up now, now you got a different oil, now you got something different. Little boy You already stopped to go put some oils on. Okay. So show us when he talks you through it, how does it go? Let, let's see. Oh my God. You talking Go ahead. You look like Kurt Franklin out that head now. That's his look and he so rough.


Look at why he's so rough. Yeah. Oh, you talk him through a envy. Get Them lips. Get them Lips now. Yeah. I got my Vaseline in the back. No, but you put no Vaseline on. Does It really clock your pores? I think black people will really be upset to hear that. No, They good for your feet. I don't know. Just use what your Feet, You remember how your mama used to put all that Vaseline in the sock and stick her feet in there and sleep overnight? She'd wake up with socks, her feet feeling like baby ass. And my grandma never Did that. Nah, we did baby powder. Never Did. I could see what you're saying because they do something like that. And when you go to the nail salon. Yeah, They put, they put your feet. Well my mother and my mother-in-law used to slip Vaseline in a sock and slip your feet in there, let 'em soak all night long. Really? Yeah. Nigga, your feet be feeling so good, you'll kiss 'em. Man. That feel, that sound like that might feel good now.


Yeah, You should try. Yeah. Stick your lip in a sock. Stick your lip in a sock overnight. That's crazy. You know I asking your mouth. Gotta be a somebody take a stick your lip in a sock overnight. Nigga, You was a little dry before you went on there to that little pocketbook you got Over there. Now season. You getting to season five? We looking good. We looking good. They Better. Yeah, They better. They better. They better. Yeah. Tyler Just did a lifetime deal. So he gonna be making other shows over there. He Made a lifetime deal. Yes. No, A lifetime. At Lifetime. Oh Really? Yeah. I thought I saw that Tyler got my 9,000 damn deal. I love me some. Tyler Perry. What are they waiting on to renew the show? We looking good. I'm gonna just say that. Okay. We looking good.


We looking good. I I I think everything is gonna be all right. I'm in the second season of Miss Pat, which came on last night. The judge show. Okay. You ever seen the judge show? I Have seen it. Yeah. It is really good. I see the commercials all the time In, but I was seeing your tweets. You be tweeting during the shot I your tweets Sometimes. I don't want no fucking tv. You know. He he pick his friends. I Watch your show. Which one? The Miss Pa show. How many times? A lot. It can come on all the time in reruns, but I watch it on BET plus. Okay. Well I appreciate that. What you looking at me like that? I really do like Ms. Ache. Oh, well I'm glad you do. And the court, the court, I don't know how you keep a straight face with the court show. Court show so fucking fine. That, that is funny. But You know the cases are real and the people are real And I don't see any case before they bring it to me.


I just tell 'em, let me see. Just bring the case in now and it be the wildest shit. No, like real, like these are like Real cases Thought I thought that was were actors. No, they might, you might see, they might be people who went viral on social media. Okay. But they be real cases and we give away real money. So The dude with the siblings with the, with the one gay sibling and the girl and the Brother, that was all real too. Yeah. That was all real too. Yeah. My favorite cases are the one, the lady who got out the feds, the two bitches was arguing about the feds. They was in the feds and one of 'em did some work for her and she was suing her. Her name was Shake. They're Taking black jobs. Black Jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs.


Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump.


Hey, speaking Of black jobs, I got a black job For you. What's that? Making sure The guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for President.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. And there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV's, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hey, Hey, it's John O'Brien from Money and Wealth on the Black Effect Network on iHeartRadio. I'm inviting you to come to join me at Black Week October 15th through 18th in the big Apple, New York City. Black Week is an economic conference that aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity to diverse businesses, suppliers, and professionals. As an entrepreneur and businessman myself who has created over 40 enterprises and a leading expert in financial economic inclusion, I understand the power of economic opportunity and financial literacy, which I think is a civil rights issue of this generation. Come be a part of this first of its kind event intended to unlock the potential of black and diverse creators and consumers helping you to get into the C-Suites where these decisions are made. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code GHB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration And hear me speak live Black Week 2024. October 15th through October 18th, New York City. Claim your spot today


Shay. She showed her ass. She showed her ass. Well I was in there hollering. I was hollering. So Why you ain't being Shay Shea yet? Speaking of Shay Shea Shehe. Who? Club. Club. Oh, I'm not going tell on nobody. I'm The Breakfast Club. We gonna take it easy around this bitch. You ain't gonna have nobody trying to cancel me. You ain't put me in no Illuminati. I don't got close. I don't know shit. I'm the wrong person to interview unless you wanna hear how I used to sell dope. And I've already told that story. I don't got no story on nobody. I don't go no Hollywood party. I don't know what pink cocaine is. I don't know why this nigga lips be shiny. I don't know shit. I'm the wrong person. I mind my business and go to TJ Max in public. I don't get in this Hollywood shit.


How many time you invited me somewhere and ain't coming? I ain't never invite You nowhere because I dunno. Nowhere. Nowhere. I'm going to your hometown South Carolina tomorrow. I heard. Yeah. Charleston. What? Oh, what, what venue? I don't know. Oh, let me look it up. Yeah, look it up. Why told me that yesterday You watched the Debate. I did watch the debate. But what Did you think? Y'all let me, I think Trump is a damn fool. And I like, I liked her policy. I I, one thing that really sticks out about me, And, I'm not a very political person, is the whole thing about the rights with the woman body. Even though my tubes are tied and I'm empty on the inside and I'm not fighting for my pussy, I'm fighting for everybody else pussy. Who are you to tell me that I can't have an abortion?


Who are you to tell me to do? What the fuck? No, Because it sound it's real. What she's saying is this funny man? Yeah, but who are you to Tell me? I'm fighting For your pussy. I'm fighting for your pussy. I appreciate it. My pussy is over. I love you Being on the front lines for my pussy. Yeah. That's your pussy. My, I can't have no kids. My shit have been burned, died and laid to the side. So I'm fighting for you. And nobody should have a right to tell us what we can do with our body. Not only that, not only that. Nobody ever say anything about Dick's You know you wanna tell us we can't have no kids. Well what we gonna do with all these soft dicks running around America? Huh? Well, you, you, I wanna I want a law for that. Are you gonna cut 'em off and fry Gretchen?


Dix is crazy. That's insane. That sound good, don't it? Mouth water. Say water. Who's water in Charlamagne charm? Said mouth water. Jesus Christ. Who? Nah, I ain't looking over that no more. That nigga been Too busy. Charleston Music Hall. That's where you gonna be at. Yes. Friday tonight. Tonight. Tonight. Doors open at six o'clock. Tomorrow. Tonight. This is Friday. Oh, tonight. Tonight. Yeah. Tonight. I'll be there tonight. So make sure y'all get y'all ticketing. So that's how I feel. You know And, I do like some of her, her other, her other policies too. But I'm just You know. I I can't do Trump. So I don't even care what your policy is. I just can't do Trump And I don't knock people for doing Trump.


'cause I have a lot of fans who support Trump. And I. My thing with politics is I respect your, I respect you. So respect me. That's all that I ask when I'm rocking my shit. You rock your shit. You know. People get mad when people have on Trump gear. They bought that shit from China just like these wigs and that them braids came from China. Hey, hey. It's just to cover our heads. It don't mean shit in the end. So I respect people. Do you talk politics on stage? No, I don't talk politics. I I'm not dividing the audience like that. All I would say is get out and vote. 'cause too many people before us die so we can have this. Right. That's right. You know. Like You know. I I just moved into my house. And I And I. I love Congratulations telling this story. Congratulations. Thank you Tuck. Who Lord Mercy a long time. Make, make a long story short, this guy, my son said, mama, I know this guy that do really good gutters.


The guy showed up. Y'all and You know I'm standing in front of this big ass house. 15,000 square feet. He come this little white dude through the bushes and didn't realize, I don't think he realized we were Black cross-eyed as fuck with a Make America gray hat on and saw six fat niggas and just stopped And. I said, come on up here, gimme your quote. He had the best quote and did a hell of a job. Mm. And people was like, you high here with a Make America gray hat on. I said, bitch, you better hire him too. 'cause your gutters are hanging and he got the best price. I said, just look over that hat and get this deal. He did it by himself to work by himself. He had another guy with him, but he did like six of my black friends' houses. I bet the other guy was Mexican too. No, he was black. 'cause he killed himself after the third job. Oh. Killed himself. And Really? Well, that's what he said.


I don't know. The man went missing. So now he by himself. Oh yeah. So I don't, I don't care What Ms. Pat excuse contractor Always got something with them. Huh? People that work on houses always got some stories with them. Like he, this man just went missing. Now he's dead. And Yeah, they say, he said, he said he tried to commit suicide. I didn't get into it. All I was trying to do is write my chicken paper for my gutter because I don't have no witness to that shit. I don't know why this man, all I know is the gutters is upright and will my, will my warranty work since she still alive. That's all I wanna know. I mind my business. Is it true that your sister-in-Law died at the Super Bowl? Yes. What she did? We were, I was What happened? Well, first of all, sorry, but Yeah, You don't, You don't like your sister-in-Law Boy, miss Pat.


You crazy. Why you me? Sorry. What just happened? Did I miss And? I? I'm new in the room. Did I miss Boy Miss Pat? You so crazy. So I went to the Super Bowl when the Falcon played the Patriot. And I'm a big ass Falcon fan. Everybody know the album Die. Big ass Falcon fan. Big ass. I'll be fuck you. Yeah. Long lip ba fucking neck looking like my vagina. But Anyway, I go to the Falcon games and my, we winning. We winning And. I was like, oh, the faculty slow down. They just going too fast. And the Patriot fans are getting to be begin to beginning to leave around the third quarter start, these motherfuckers started to come back.


I get a phone call from my husband. I'm at the game. I'm like, what's wrong? I'm in the bathroom pacing. Come on, Falcon. Don't let him come back. My husband's like, my sister just had a heart attack. She going to the hospital. And I'm like, excuse my French, y'all. I love my sister. I'm like, at the time I was in state of shock. I was like, I don't give a fuck. The falcon's about to lose the fella. Fucking it. Super Bowl. You said that to your husband? Yeah. So And I hung up the phone. So as the game went on, You know the Falcons lost. And so he called me back and said she passed. And as he's saying it, I walk out the door to the of, of the fucking stadium and Channel five is right there from Atlanta. What do you think about the Falcons? I was like, I don't give a fuck. And. I started cussing because I was so mad.


So I At her death or at the loss? At The loss. Which loss? The Falcons. What are you talking about? What did your husband say when you got home? I just say, God, I wrote A bit about it. And I said You know the Falcon killed my sister-in-Law. Because they did. She was cheering and they said she choked on some chicken. I Hope you didn't speak at the funeral. No, I went to the funeral and everybody had on Falcon gear. Oh. I said, this don't seem right. Her son told her casket with Falcon shit on. I was like, they, I'm not. Stop it, man. I'm not lying.


It's because she was a big fan though. Oh my God was Big fan. But they were to nut casket and they had on Michael Vick jerseys and shit. I'm like, this don't seem right. That's like being at Nicole Simpson funeral and everybody got OJ jerseys on. Well, that's not the same. It wouldn't be. Yes, it would not the same that because OJ didn't get convicted for killing her. Oh, Well he lost lost. He lost He did the Falcon though. He lost the civil, The Falcon killed her. She was watching the game in front of all of us. They was at the hospital calling back to see what the score was before they announced her passing. Mm. She passed and they killed, they killed my sister-in-Law, the Falcon. But I You Still a fan? Yeah. I ain't dead. But I, I'm a diehard fan. I'm Atlanta. You gotta Be careful saying diehard fan.


You just, oh God, miss Pat. Well, well, You know. I tell 'em all the time when you a Falcon fan, every, every Falcon season I get diabetes because they fuck up my sugar level. I do not blame that on the Falcons. What happened? What Happened Solem, what happened? You the only black nigga I know that get away with calling me fat all time. Time. I didn't Even call you you fat. You said she had high blood pressure. I did not that way. You said did not blame that. Say that. The emphasis. I did not say that. You, he the One came over that big back bitch, ain't he? No. Yes, it was big back that big back. Yeah. No, that was him. Listen, what happened?


What was the fallout after last time you left the show when people was upset with you back in Atlanta? Oh, they said I was angry but I wasn't angry because I, one part that I left out is I had a two year contract. And I mean a two day contract. But I went in to work five days a week. So three days a week I gave that station free work. Just because I wanted to build a morning, morning show. I wasn't angry. I just, in this business, You know shit ends Just You know. You ain't gotta be dirty. I, I don't know how to deal with dirty people. Where, where, where, where I'm from. If you dealing with a dirty motherfucker. You usually fight 'em, but you can't. I got little money there, they'll sue me. I can't hit people. Yeah. So You know the, that, that he didn't, he didn't really say anything bad.


And I wasn't gonna go back and forth. I said how I felt and they know how I felt and it was low down and dirty. I'm not nice. I wasn't gonna be nice about it. 'cause that's the only person that I ever felt like did me dirty. And I left it as that. So, but I'm still thriving. You can't stop me. I mean, I'm not going, I'm not gonna argue. You're doing more than Thriving. dj you winning out here. That's why. Yeah, I'm winning. I'm not gonna argue with no fucking dj. If If you lose that job, you gotta go to Macon. By the way, I only asked you that question. I thought you was gonna say something nice. I thought you were gonna try clean it up. I did not ask. Yes. I did not ask you that, did you? Yes, I did. Yeah. Well, I, I don't give, you can't, you can't, you can't really worry about what people think about you when you do what you do. Because I always said If, you ain't got no haters then there's something wrong with you.


That's right. That's right. You know. I reach y'all comments all the time and they hate you Charlamagne. But you come in here every morning and you win. They fuck it. They call you gay. Yep. They say you ugly. They say he's a guy he hates black women Hate black women. And. I know you don't hate black women. No, I love That Outta everything you just heard. That's the only one that you cleared up boy. Sound like Mr. You sound like Mr. You gay, you ugly, you black, you shy. You're not, you Build like a troll. I've heard, I've heard all kind of shit. Your Apple Ain't real. She up was what?


But you do love black women. That's the one that Jesus. Oh my God, man. I do think you do love black women. I do. That's all I love. And I love The Foundation of my Life. And I. See you all over the place. Talking about The World. I just told somebody I got this whole vision about you. And I don't know if it's gonna come true. But I really think you're gonna run for Congress. I can see you in politics. Really? God gave me that vision for you. I can see you in politics. And, I. Really think that's where you headed. I can't wait. Huh? Can you imagine all the gay lovers that's gonna stop popping now and all the things I ain't got no gay lovers. Yeah, That's a lie. It gonna be L-B-G-Q-T-V Char Mite. Oh, I received that. Whatever God showed you for me, I receive It. I I I really think that's where you going to end up.


And I. I mean, and you will be a good one. Mm. You will be. You, you remind me of what's Andrew Gillum. Miss Pat, set that up. I'm not talking to Ms. Pat no more today. I Like, dang. She I can see that Miss Pat. Go see Ms. Pat on the hot and flashy door. Miss Pat said, I love Ms. Pat. Ms. Pat, I appreciate you for joining Us. I appreciate that. Please come. You make me. Lemme read my day. Oh, I nigga hit the floor. Denny. Oh my God. All right, y'all, September the 20th.


Charleston, North Carolina, Alabama, September 21st. Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Tampa, Buffalo. I will be here in New York on what date? I'm coming November 8th. Oh, that's Time I'm No, November the eighth. I will be at the Oh, that's the Friday. What's the big thing here? That's the town. The town hall. I'll be at Town Hall. Town Hall. Can we really go for my birthday please, Y'all? I'm, I'm Pittsburgh Richmond, St. Louis Oakland. Come on out and get these tickets for the hot and flashy tour because I'm gonna have you on the floor like I just did. Andrew Gillum. I mean, shout em. Go to miss pat comedy.com, man. So you can go see the other days, man, it's Miss Pat. We appreciate you Miss Pat. I Appreciate everything Club.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast Club


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for More.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Deciding on what to listen to is hard. Using Zumo to stream music from iHeart nineties. Radio is easy. Or play iHeart country or hip hop beats your choice all for free stream easy. With Zuo Play, get live and on-Demand Entertainment with no logins, no signups, no accounts, no hassle. This September have movie Night with the Blockbuster Hit Godzilla and Resident Evil starring Mila Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez Streaming free on Zuo play. Go to play.zuo.com now. Life is hard. Zuo is easy.


Hey, it is Ryan Seacrest. There's something so thrilling about playing Chumba Casino. Maybe it's the simple reminder that with a little luck, anything is possible. Chumba casino.com has hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new game releases each week, play for free anytime anywhere. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, join me in the fund. Sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.