
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got our brother AK with us this morning. Hey, and we got a special guest in the building. The champ is here. I Amanda Serrano. Welcome. How you feeling? Good morning. I'm feeling great. Feeling great. It's a little too early for me, but for you guys, I'll sacrifice. You was at the parade yesterday? Yes. Yes. It was amazing. It was, it was. I was there in 2019. I got honored as one my Guinness Booker World Records for seven Division and it was like a complete different parade this time. Everyone knew who I was. Of course people screamed by name.


It just felt so welcoming and so awesome. Yeah. You've won, like you just said, titles in seven different weight classes. Are you chasing greatness? Are you chasing something, something diva? I'm chasing legacy And I believe I, I've accomplished that already. You know, I'm the first Puerto Rican to become undisputed male or female and first seven division world champion. So now it's just going other stuff. Making money. Making making money and, and opening the doors and continue to open the doors for women in this sport. You know, you, you, he mentioned seven divisions. People don't realize how difficult that is. The only fighter that has done more is Manny Packard, we just talked about has done eight divisions.


And that's Question of Bull Hawk. You should know. Yeah, yeah. But that, that's what's in the, in the books, right? Yeah. So, so what she's done is like, it's in insane. Right. But there's another division that you haven't fought in 1 47. Right. And I just want to throw that out there because I know that Clarissa is a lot bigger. She's fighting heavyweight 1 54, 1 60, but she's a big name in the sport. And for some reason you girls were cool, but it's like tension. Like you put out a tweet that I actually respected your tweet. Like, 'cause it's kind of like you were fed up of her attacking MVP, your promoter. I, is that a pipe dream? If it ever came, if she came down on 1 47, could that fight ever happen? Well, Tell her what's your natural weight first? No, I'm, I'm the champion currently. I'm the featherweight champion, which is 126 pounds.


20 Pounds. Jesus. I am fighting for the title at one 40 with Katie Taylor. Okay. But respectfully, I respect Clarissa, what she's done in the sport. I respect her as an athlete, her accomplishments. But I came here today to talk about July 11th to talk about me, to talk about the girls that are making history at Madison Square Garden on Netflix. So yeah, She said something. She said that the, the Manny eight is questionable. Why? Because he won two division two divisions. They weren't world titles. They were like regional titles. All mines divisions was world titles. Got you. Now I need to ask, you know, when, when gaining that much weight, right? When you're naturally 1 26 and you have to gain 20 pounds, how does that affect you?


Affect your speed, affect your strength? And it affects your mental, It does, it does affect you. People don't realize it. It's harder for me to go up in weight than to, to make the lower weight. 'cause I walk around 1 34, 1 35. So it's easy for me to drop 10 pounds. But when I'm going up a lot of these girls, they can withhold my power. They can, you know, they can, you know, the power is, I'm, I still have power at that weight, but it's just a lot easier for them to, to withhold it. And it's, it's, I have to be constantly eating my trainer, my sister, everyone's like forcing me. You have to eat, you have to eat. You Gotta eat healthy. It's not like you eating burgers. Yeah. But I'm like, I'm not, I'm not hungry. I just finished this training.


I'm not hungry. And they're like, no, you have to eat because I can lose weight really, really fast. I refuse To believe You ate healthy yesterday after the pool break? Definitely. No, all everybody, you know, was cooking. Yeah. Honestly, I didn't. But I had some, I had a, a fried fish sandwich. Surprisingly not Puerto Rican food. No, but it was just, it was crazy. It was crazy. Well, you're, you're fighting speaking of July 11th. Yes. You are fighting Katie Taylor. You already fought her twice. Yes. Right. Now, what are you doing differently? This fight? Yeah, definitely. I brought in new people for the camp. I have a nutrition coach now, Cindy Miller. She's been helping me, feeding me good food. I have an a running coach.


His name is Benza. He's the one who helped Dito Trinidad in all his fights. So that's been a great help for me. I hired another assistant coach that's helping me keep my distance, helping me like with my head movement and, and Boxing and stuff like that. But listen, we, me and Katie had 20 great rounds together. We, we bring great fights. We show the fans that we can fight. And this fight is gonna be no different. You know, we had headlining Madison's Square Garden on an all girl card. And the good thing is that all these girls are coming to fight. So we don't, we don't know who is gonna be the fight of the night. So all of us are stepping our game up.


I'm stepping my game up. I need this win on paper. I believe I won both fights, but this one is different because I need the judges to see that, that I won this fight. I need this fight on paper. So yeah, we're working a little different smarter. And I, I believe this, the third time's a charm. And you know, the, the fact that they're fighting a trilogy, even though Katy got both decisions, speaks to like how close those fights were. And how many people felt you even won both of those fights. What fight you think was close outta the first two? The First one, the first one was a, a good fight. My coach told me after the fight, he said, I think it's 96, 94. It's pretty close. So when the first judge said that, he looked at me, he said, you see, I, I got right.


We got it. But the, the second one I think was pretty clear that I won. I landed 107 more punches on Katie Taylor. Didn't make no sense. I think people say that I get hit a lot. Listen, 107 punches. That's a lot of punches. And You did this and you heard from the sixth round, was it the sixth round you heard her? I think it was the first one was the fifth. The the second one was the first. And a couple of rounds. Like I've heard Katie every fight, both fights I've heard or she's never really hurt me other than the headbutts. But you know, I respect Katie as a fighter. She's a great fighter, a great champion, and she's gonna come to fight. She needs this win to be like convincingly. She, she needs the, the fans to say, okay, Katie won this fight.


And listen, I'm a professional, I'm a champion. If Katie was to beat me, like clearly I would say hats off to Katie. Katie, you're a great champion, you're a great fighter, you beat me. But I just don't feel it. The fans don't feel it. My, my team doesn't feel it doesn't see it. So I'm like, God, it's just this one is like this the like the last hurrah. How Do you feel confidence in the judges during that now, right? Because you think you lost, you think you won both of them. You feel like you were cheated. So how do you still have that confidence in the system, in the judges? 'cause you the punches show. Yeah, I know that that's the only thing that I'm, I'm like, ah, we need, we need better judges. And hopefully the team gets that work before I step into that ring.


Because I feel like those two fights, it was like four against one or five against one. 'cause it is the judges Katie and, and the referee. The referee wasn't on my side the last fight as well. So I just want a fair fight. I just want me and Katie to fight and, and the winner, you know, takes it all Emini here. It's just How do you fix the politics of Boxing though? Mm. Because you Emini here, you can clearly watch those fights until Boxing politics came into play. So how do you fix that? Yeah, And it's not just my fight, you know, it's, you see it every day. Every time there's a fight, it's Emini here That, I don't know, I don't know if, if the judges are influenced by the crowd or they're influenced by the promoters or it is just really hard. I don know what they're thinking, what they're seeing.


I don't know if they need to watch it in in a screen because I watch fights front row and it's really hard. So much going on. Yeah. It's so hard to see a, a good fight. Sometimes the referee gets in the way. I just don't know what they're seeing. I, I've seen fights where the judges have to like be moving around to actually see the action and then if the person's back is against that, that one judge, you don't know what's happening. So I don't know if maybe a screen would be a better, I have no idea. Needs to Better judges Emini here, Boxing is the only sport where you can keep messing up at your job and never get fired. Like judges that judge bad fights always wind up judging more fights, you know. So I, I I think the commission and all the states need to, the judges need to be judged sometimes.


But I, I wanna go back to the second fight. What round was it that you got the cut again? I, I forget what round. I think It was the fourth. Fourth. The fourth was it? Yeah. Fourth fight. So, so, so, so you fought round six rounds with blood in your eye. Yeah. How do, how do, how do you avoid those headbutts like going into the third fight? Like is there a strategy where we know what Katie does? Like, is there something you're gonna do to kind of avoid getting hit with the head again? Yeah, ma maintaining our distance, definitely. Because once I hurt her, I know she's gonna come in and try to hold me and try to grab me and then use her head. Emini here, she's very good at using her head. Emini here, Not taking anything away from Katie. She's a great champion and she's very, very skillful fighter.


But you know, I think what I got hurt the most was with the head and the second headbutt was so painful. Like, people don't know the first one I was like, oh, okay, whatever. Right? But the second one, it was a very open wound and it hit the bone And I was like, I saw black for a second. I was like, what is going on? That's why I was just so, I was pissed off. Yeah. I was like, oh my God. And then there was no help with the referee. The referee wasn't really warning hell with the head. But, but listen, this happens in, in the sport of Boxing and it's just onto the next one. How Much does the fight, I'm sorry, go ahead. You did say the third time is a charm. Yes. And I'm with you, but are you prepared for it to go the other way? Like what, what would it mean for you to win or Emini here to lose the third time to Katie's head, it would suck.


I'm like, thank God three times. Yeah, Emini here. But, but I'm not thinking about that. I'm not putting that into the universe. I'm manifesting a win like I always do. But you know, it, like I said, if if she wins the way she's supposed to win, then I'm gonna be like, listen, okay, she got it. But I'm just hoping that the judges are watching the fight in different, differently. Well you and Katie had the best fight on that, that card. 'cause Jake, Paul and Tyson sucked. Right? But when you think about that fight, I think about how bloody it was, like it looked like Mortal Kombat did. How much does a, how much does that take outta you? Well, it takes a lot of you out of you, you know, honestly, knowing that you have this cut, I'm just blessed that I have a great, a great corner.


My cut man was amazing. I did not know how big the cut was until I saw it. And the monitor And the monitor, you can was it wast that bad? When I went to the back to get stitched up, I was like, oh my god. I brought a tear to my eye because I thought about my family back home watching it on Netflix. I was like, oh. 'cause I know it, it looks a lot worse on tv. So, but it takes a lot, all that blood. And then it wasn't just that one head, but it just kept happening and her rubbing her head on it. So you, you definitely can feel it. I believe if I did lose a round, it was the round after the cut because I was just like, probably still in pain. But that didn't stop me. You saw, you saw the, the heart I had in there.


I was like, let's go, let's keep fighting. Yeah. And but it, it can take a lot out of You. Yeah. There's been men with, with smaller cuts that couldn't continue and, and quit before her. So Jake Paul has signed so many women, obviously this is an all girls card. He's done a lot for women's Boxing. Do you feel like you are kind of the reason because you know what he'd done with your career and, and, and how success successive you've been. That's why women are saying, I want to go there. Look what he look, look what a man has been able to do. Listen, Jake Paul and Arian MVP have changed my life completely. They have changed the sport of female Boxing And I am super proud to be part of them. And yes, yes, I believe that they, these women in the beginning, these, a lot of people had a lot of stuff to, yeah.


Negative Stuff to say, to say about Jake Paul. About Jake and Issa. Yep. And I took that chance to, to be with Jake Paul because when I met Jake, Paul and Issa, they told me where they wanted to go. They asked me how much I was getting paid, what you wanted do in the sport and whatever they made sure the first card that I was coade Vena, he, he said, I want the whole card to make the most money that they made. Wow. So he paid me the most money I got paid. Oh, Wow. But before that, how much have you, what was your biggest payday before MVP? Huh? Not, definitely not seven figures. Way less than that. You know, I got paid $4,000 for world title fights. I got paid 4,000, $4,000.


But for, for tying up with Miguel Coto becoming a fourth division world champion. Wow. 4,000. So, you know, time. How did your team Even ask for a percentage of that? I'm not giving nobody a percentage On the 4,000. Exactly. And I Sanction sanctioning fees and all that stuff, so, damn. Yeah, it's been, it's been a journey. I got paid a peanuts, like sometimes I got paid nothing, just, just to fight, just to stay, to maintain. But yeah, that's the difference with Jake Paul and these women, now that they see that we're making me and Katie making millions or just making noise and my fan base, how much it grew being under Jake Paul, they're now, they wanna come along and, but, but I guess they had to see what, what was, what, what he really wanted to do with female Boxing.


And he proved it. He proved it with me. And now he's proven it come July 11th, the first in history at MSG on Netflix. I am super proud to be part of that. And like I said before, this is gonna be a car you don't wanna miss because we have two undisputed championship, three unified champions championships, and you just don't know who is gonna be the fighter of the night. Now You recently pushed for 12 three minute rounds of women's Boxing. Yes. You pushed for that hard. Why so, why so much? Because we, we talk about equality in the sport of female Boxing. And one way to do it is, is to fight the same time the men fight. You know, we fight. So some men complain that, oh well they fight less than us.


They fight 10 rounds, two minutes, 10 rounds, two rounds, Jack, why you wanna get paid just like us? So I believe it, it's one step. We want equality, so we have to fight for what we believe for or what we want. And I, I, I'm a big advocate for the 12 three. Katie. She said the rematch, she says, she shook my hand and said that we can, if we fight again, we can do it. And she like that promise. So, so Emini here we were fighting ten two, but I would prefer the 12 three. The 12 three because I believe if I had that extra minute, I can definitely hurt her and finish her. But I think a lot of us women would want that because we have a lot more time to show our skills. I believe that the 10 twos is like a sprint for women's Boxing.


And then the, the 12 three is like a little jog and marathon. We can showcase more of our skills and have more time to, to get these knockouts. Gotcha. Rumor has a year, the reason why Netflix wanted to stay in Boxing after the first fight in, in Texas. Like how entertaining your fight was opposed to the others. Emini here look, they, they, you know, Jake, Paul and Mike, they wore what they were right. It, it was a unique type of fight, but Netflix said, no, we need to see that again. Word. And that's why you fighting on Netflix. Is that true? Is there some truth to that? Well, Emini here, the birdie said no. Yeah. Emini here. That's what I wanna do. Every time my trainer Jordan Maldonado, he told me, whenever you have an opportunity, you seize the opportunity.


You go out there and you do whatev whatever you have to do to make sure that people tune in, people watch you, people want you. And I knew that fight. I knew the fight with Katie Taylor was gonna be a great fight. So I said, no matter what I do, I have to just give it my, all that, that night. And I did. And look, and now Netflix believed in me and Katie so much that they gave us our own card with all women. Yeah. So they believe in us women. And that's something that really touches me and that really gets me excited because now we have these big, big networks, big stadiums, big people, big sponsors that are, are giving their money, giving their time to promote and to, to give, just give us this, the spotlight.


And I'm ex excited. I wanna ask you mentally and emotionally, was it harder fighting her the second time or harder to lose to her the second time? I guess I wouldn't have thought about that. But I guess losing to her, because when you're a fighter, you're mentally you, you go in there, you physically prepare yourself and you mentally prepare yourself. So me, I felt, I felt good physically and mentally. I was like, I beat her the first time. This time I'm going there with more confidence. And, and then it didn't go my way. So I was like, gosh. And I, And I knew And I felt that I won that fight. 'cause I kept coming forward And I landed more punches. I threw more punches. And for them, for the judges not to see in my way, it's just like, oh man, that sucks.


What about the Puerto Rican people? You, you bought a house in Puerto Ric Rico, you've been living in there. When you went back after that fight, what, what did the Puerto Rican people say about, about that second fight? God, to this day, honestly, if I had a dollar for every person that told me that I won that fight, right, I Wouldn't, you wouldn't fight. No, I wouldn't be fighting anymore. It just, but to this day people are like, we got this phone. God, this one, you know, we need to knock out. And you won. You won, you won. And I'm like, I know. I like, I'm, I'm happy and proud that I gave my fans, I gave for my, my island such happiness and joy that I, I did my job. So I'm like, okay, but I still need,


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing. You keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your peace on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


that Win. How does it feel to fight with, you know, Puerto Rico on your back? Right? Those are some have been the, the, the biggest fights when you have like a, a whole island, a a whole group of people supporting you. Yeah. Emini here. We've seen it at the Puerto Rican Day parade over a million plus people. How does that feel? Because you can't let them down now. No. That it's, it's Emini here with Puerto Ricans. As long as you go out there and you fight and you give it your all, they're super proud of you. But that's one thing when I see my flag and when I see my people And I hear my people cheering for me, that just gives me so much more to go out there. Like yesterday we seeing all those people screaming for me and I'm like, I gotta go to today to the gym And I gotta work my butt off extra hard because I don't wanna let them down.


And I don't, I don't, if I give it my all, I'm not letting them down. But it's just, it's not me, it's the judges guys. But it just, it just brings me so much more like, ah, yeah, like I got, I have to do it for them. Yeah. I don't even know how to at least at the least say it's a draw. Right. You know, what Emini here, like just to give her to win. How did those losses shape you? Not just as a fighter, but just as a woman and a competitor? Yeah, well we always turn those Ls to Ws, right? That's what Jake Paul says. It's not losing his learning. So yeah, we definitely go back to the gym and, and, and my team, they've been watching the both fights and they, they see what we need to work on and that's why we've working on in the gym and just go out there and, and just like mentally Emini here, I'm, I'm okay.


I I'm still going in there with more confidence knowing that I can't hurt her And I did hurt her And I won. But it is just, just just being, just being ready. I'm putting in the work. I, I make sure that I check all, all my boxes before I go out there. I, I am running, I'm sparring, I'm training hard, I'm eating right, getting my recovery done. So as long as I do that, I, I know I'll be okay. Now you jumped in MMA for a little bit. Yeah. You did pro wrestling for a little bit. Yeah, I've done pro wrestling. I, I practiced it a little bit, but Practiced a little bit. Is it the, is it the challenge or is it, you know, the competitive nature or is it the money? Well, honestly, the MMA jumping into MMA was part money because my MMA contract at the time was bigger than my Boxing contract.


And I was a sixth division, seventh division world champion at that time. So that's, I was like, okay, I do it, it's, it's fighting. Well let's, let's try it. Emini here. MMA is really, really hard. But yeah, I think it's just the competitiveness in me. Like I just, I love fighting, I love going out there. I love proving to myself that I can do it. I, I never thought that I would be where I'm at now, being a champion, being a multiple division world champion. I never started Boxing to become a world champion. I did it to have something in common with my sister Cindy, who was a former world champion as well. So I'm like, yeah, I'll try it, I'll try it. But look how I changed the sport of Boxing. And I think it's just right now it's, I accomplished everything I wanted to accomplish and now it's just opening those doors for those women, young girls looking at me in the sport and showing them that anything is possible, that you can do this and there is a light at the end of the tunnel.


There was so many times that I wanted to retire because it was just not worth it. Right. The money in Boxing. So much work you have to put in. And I wasn't getting paid anything. So I was like, but thank God Jake Paul came into my life, changed my, my life, my, my career and now I can change other women's lives. Now You the top putting not top earner in, in female Boxing, in, in all of Boxing. You talked about contracts, right? To my understanding, you have a lifetime contract with MVP now. Yes. Like, I don't, I don't think any woman has ever had any type of contract like that. What, what does that look like? What does that mean exactly? Well That just means once I retire that I have part of MEP, the company. Wow.


I will be part of the women's side of it. That's my goal. That's my love. I I love empowering women. I love seeing women grow in the sport. Listen, I, I always told the girls, if it wasn't for me, I wanna see them grow. I wanna see them make the money. So if I, if the next generation of the women make $10 million, I'm like, yeah, I'm there cheering, like, yes, I helped that because yeah, we making little bit millions now. Yeah. But we wanted to grow. We wanna see the, the, the women's Boxing grow. So that's my, that's my thing. Now you talk about Jake, how, how did y'all meet? How did y'all meet and, and decide to start doing business?


Well, I had made, met Jake, I had four his under car when he made his pro debut back in 2020. And we, I knew knew of Jake because of my nephews. They were big Jake, Jake Paul Street fans. Yeah. Fans. So I met him there. And then Jake Paul wanted to empower women and, and put a, a woman on his, on his card when he fought in Cleveland and it was for Showtime at the time. And Steven Espinoza. He said, oh, I have this young lady who fought for me a couple of times, Amanda Serrano, you should look her up, whatever. And then they reached out and they said, do you wanna fight on Jake Paul on the car? And I was like, why not? You know, he has different viewers, he has a different audience.


So I was like, that would be amazing. And then they talked about the, the pay, we're gonna pay it. I was like, okay, we're gonna get let's it, let's do it. And then after that he saw that I fought a tough Mexican champion. It went the distance. But we had a great fight and, and they liked the way I fought, they liked the way I act. And they, they spoke to my manager Jordan, and they said, what you wanna do, we are gonna start a company called MVP. What you, what you like to be a part of it? And we said, you know what? At that time we was like, ah, I'm, it's, we are over. We are not getting the respect, we're not getting the paid. I was already a seven division world champion, unified world champion and we still wasn't.


So when they gave us the, the call and the opportunity, we said, ah, let's do it. And I Is it true, is it true? They said that when you first met him, you went to reach your hand out and he gave you a fist bump and he was like, this kid. Was that true? Yeah, It was true. It was true. 'cause I was so excited because more for my nephews because I, I knew of him 'cause I kept hearing his songs. Like it's Everyday bro. So I like, I I knew of him. So I was Did Paul Got songs? Yeah. Alright. So when I shook his hand, he gave me a fist pump. But honestly I I I was like, okay, whatever. But there are boxes that, that don't shake people hand because of, of the, the the squeeze and the knuckles or Yeah, yeah.


Some something that, you know. So he thought He was trying to play you at first? Right. At first, at first and then after we spoke about that. 'cause I told him, I brought it up to him a couple of times and he laughed and, and he said he, he said that it was that he had COVID so he didn't want to give it to me. I was like, okay, okay Jake. But we're cool now. We cool. You still could have got COVID though, s right. Do women boxes have to be with MVP to get the, get the best kind of looks and the best kind of money? I think so. I think we we're changing the game And I think MVP wants to continue to empower women and, and give us this opportunity and give us these paychecks that are unheard of. And I think Emini here, hopefully a lot of these other promoters can take a a page out of MVP's book and start paying us women better and paying these women who wanna sign.


But it's just, it's all women to have to come together, continue to fight hard, continue to put on shows and, and continue to prove that we deserve the paydays, we deserve the spotlight. And I think one day it can change. Speaking of of money and checks, you, you've obviously made good money in the last few years. Have you gotten to the point where now family's coming out of nowhere asking for money? I need help with this. I need help with that because I don't No, no, no, no. I have a really small, tight knit family. Emini here now with social media. Everybody's my cousin that I get a lot like, oh, you're my cousin. I'm like, ah, I don't think so. I never met you before. I Don. Yeah.


So you have to say no already. No, no, I Can't help you. I'm like, yeah, Jordan's been in my life. And Jordan's also my brother-in-law, my trainer manager, he's been in my life for 25 years and he's like, this person said he's your cousin. I was like, Jordan, you know my whole Family. Hi, that is not my cousin. Oh man. So listen, when it comes to people like, or when it comes to just mentally preparing for a fight, when you hear somebody like a Claressa Shields say she thinks you're gonna lose, you know, against Katie for the third fight, does that bother you mentally? Listen, I go in there, I fight with everything I have. I go out there, I train, I, I give myself my team gives me all the tools that I need to go out there and, and perform to my best ability to and to win.


I, it's not, I, I feel like I'm not, I didn't lose those fights is what the judges saw. But you know, it, it doesn't bother me. It f me to go out there and just prove people wrong. Prove, prove that I am the winner. Did you cry after the last fight? And, and, and if you did, was it from pain pride or just frustration? I cried more from looking at the cut. It was a pretty big cut. And I, I don't, I cry, I cry sometimes. Even when I win. It is 'cause of happiness, but I'm cry baby. That's one thing for sure. But Yeah, no, no, I cry. Yeah, it's definitely, I was frustrated because I'm like, I did everything that I could, but I obviously I, there's room for improvement and that's what we are working on and that's why we are gonna change for the third fight.


But You, you, you won right? Seven divisions. This is a, obviously a big money fight, a big, a big profile fight. But if you do get the victory finally with Katie, what's the next challenge? You know, I know that people talking about Alicia Bam Garner, she's with MVP now, she's around your weight class. What's the next big challenge for Amanda? You know, what The World wants? No, honestly, right now I'm just concentrating. I'm fully concentrating on, on Katie Taylor. That's the one thing that's on my mind, my goal just to go out there and finally get this win. That's a big enough challenge for me right now, this moment, this second, this whole couple of weeks leading up to the fight. And then after that, who knows, who knows what the, The World holds for me.


The team knows. And, and Emini here, they, we go back and we'll figure it out. What about your team like Nik and Jake? Like they have to plan ahead as a company, right? I know you gotta focus on Katie, but what about, what is the team saying about what's next? Ah, my, I don Dunno. Dunno, because you already fighting at one 40. So they just team about Becoming the undisputed champion at one 40 come July 11th and continue continuing to help and grow women in the sport of, of Boxing. That's, that's definitely the goal. Would that Be division? No, no, no. I You told at one 40 Already I won at one 40, then I went down and won at one 15. She's crazy nuts. She said one fight at a time y'all one fight At a time right now.


And this is, it is the big one. A big fight. But I'm, I'm excited just to be on this card. Just, just to have all these women give them the spotlight so they can showcase their skills and, and, and who knows Emini here. I've been in a professional for 16 years. 16 long years. Wow. It had ups downs, good times, bad times right now, the last four years have been, have been fun, have been beneficial, have been super, super different than what I'm used to coming up into the sport. So I'm enjoying every second, every minute of it. And I can't wait to see the future of women's Boxing. When you, when you retire, what do you want little Puerto Rican girls to say when they, when they mention name sound funny, Ric not Just only Puerto little Puerto Rican girls.


I need a little girl who, or, or boy who, who believes in themselves and, and wanna do something. Just, you have to go out there and give it your all, you know, I greatness requires sacrifice. I sacrifice my whole life to, to this sport. And I'm gonna continue to work for them and, and just believe in yourself. Surround yourself with positive people. Go out there and give it your all. That's all I can ask. And I always tell the the young girls to say, oh, I wanna be like you. And I tell them, don't be like me. Be better than me. And that's what I wanna push them for. Just always to be better than, than me. And that's what I do. I always wanna be better than I was yesterday or the, or the fight before. And that's all you have to do. You gonna have Bad Bunny or Jocelyn Hernandez walk you out.


What's wrong? Which one? Because you know, they, they, the two Puerto Rican stars Bad Bunny has a concert to saying his first concert in Puerto Rico is the night of the fight. Wow. Jocelyn, what about Jocelyn Hernandez? You know, she coming. Jocelyn drop Some balls. You know She had a float. She had a float in the Puerto parade too. I bet she did. That's my girl. That's Puerto Rican princess, right? So, alright, I'm gonna say if she can walk you down, Is it Katie Cha? Katie Taylor chapter close after the third fight. Is that you done? I think So. I think so. Win a lose. Yeah. I, I think so. You know, honestly, I, I said that after the second one. After the first one I was like, God, I am so tired of, I love Katie. Katie's my best friend, but I'm like, how can you love and hate someone at the time?


At the same time. Time? Yeah, because our last press conference, I'd never seen y'all go at it the way you did. She threw shots saying you're delusional and you, you came, you came with the helmet, was the football helmet. Heck, he gear to the press conference in Seniored And I don't wanna get hit with, so there's, it's not as friendly as it was before that. That was just something that was just it, it Was good. It was a good idea. But Then the day after, we had to do like promo and photo shoot and we was just laughing and talking on like regular. But yeah, I think she's kind of probably tired of me too. What if she, what if you beat her and she says, I want two, you want one? Let's do it again. Damn. Ah. Money talks.


Money talks. But like, honestly, I'm like, I told myself I said cop but because it's been like I'll talk to both of our names since she returned pro. Right. And we wasn't even in the same weight class at the same Well I was, I'm never at her same weight class, but I'm like, who is Katie? But Katie Taylor's brought ice to the professional box un Boxing world. Which is, which is good. It is been like that for years. I was like, oh my god, I'm kind of tired. Done with, with Katie of Katie Taylor. Well we all know what the ultimate payday is. I don't know what that weight would be between you and Clarissa, but that would be the ultimate payday in the ultimate match of women's Boxing. Listen, it, it, it can be, but I'm just, like I said, I, I'm here promoting July 11th and it is just But would you go to 1 47 that forget about, about would you, you're almost there that fight.


Would you? No, that's not, that's not, that's not true. I'm not almost there. I can't, I can barely make one 40 and despite at one 40 now you look Bralet like well Yeah, That's good for eating, good eating and training hard. But yeah, I'm not, I'm not a, a natural one 40 a natural 1 35. I'm a natural 1 26. I walk around at 1 34. So like I said, going up in weight, it's really hard for me. It's a lot harder for me than losing weight. And people look at me like I'm crazy. Yeah. Like, oh my god, losing weight is hard. No, gaining weight for me is hard. Yeah. You leave, you got fast metabolism. Yeah. 'cause when I'm constantly working hard and training hard, I, I sweat so much And I lose, I lose weight so fast. So I'm like no, like 40. But you can't make 1 47 if You had to. No, I know I can't.


Oh And I won't. Can't I won't because the heavier, The heavier you go, the, the more you lose more. Yeah. And my power is still there but like I said, these 20 million You won't 1 47. I know. Okay. Alright. Alright. 20 million. I go up to 1.7. But you could whip his ass I'm sure. How does it feel when you walk in the gym sometime and know you better than 99% of the minute? It boosts your confidence. You can walk around. Like sometimes I walk around in the street, I'm like, only if they knew. Well We wish you the best of luck. You're fighting Madison Square Guard in July 11th. Absolutely, yes. All my Puerto Ricans, but I equals go buy your tickets, get out there and support.


Yes. I'm saying right now. 'cause I was on a float last yesterday That were making history of all women's card great fights. I honestly, we, me and Katie had two great fights, but I don't know, we up for some good competition this fight. Absolutely. Yes. Well thank you for joining us Amanda Serrano. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Does Friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Rush away plaque show tartar whose boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hellos, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.