
Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities.


That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity. Varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange Manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/iphone for Details@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeul.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the Building. That's right. He walked in looking like he the leader of a, a group, A stellar r and b group. Corey Hardrick. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome Man. Thank you for having me, man. Appreciate It. How you feeling? I'm blessed and highly favored, man. I'm on The. Breakfast, Club. Blessed Black and highly favored. Blessed Black and highly favored. Yes, Sir. I love that you got the new movie Divo in black Tyler Perry's new movie. Yep. Today on Amazon. Came out today, drop today. How does it feel? Man? It feels surreal. It feel like I'm a new artist right now. You know. I got this new great energy in my life. You know. I feel like God got his hand on me.


And, I'm ready to take it to the next level. You been doing this feels great over 30 years now. 30 And, I. It acting still feels new. You don't feel like a a, a og in it now? No, I don't because I live like a simple, I'm real simple off like when you don't see me like acting like it's just like I'm, I'm simple. I I stay disconnected to everything. I just feel like I go like, what's the next job? I just keep my head down. I keep going. Then when I go out to like Essence and then people love and they saying all this work, then it makes, it makes you feel good to say You know your people appreciate you and they love what you do. And that makes me want to keep going. Do You know when you got one like, like You know you do a role like this and you be like, oh man, this might be, I got one. This might my He said, I, I I got one. Okay, I got one. Tyler, how You know I love Tyler. Perry man. He gave me an opportunity. He called me up and Megan Good told him that I was a great actor and he said, If, you had a chance to pick one actor who you working with?


She said, Cory Hardrick. Wow. Tyler called me one morning and he was like, hello Cory. It's Tyler Perry. That same deep voice. Did You believe it when he first called? Did You know it was him or he was like, yeah, nah, Because You know them Scam People be calling you lot so you Know, he's one of them. But it Was really him. And I had to get my voice right and he said, I'm a fan of your work. And I was just like, wait, who's paying him this? Well, not paying. He's already a billionaire so ain't nobody gonna pay him to say that. But I was like, wow. You know he wants to work with me. And I read the script and it was all on the page. And I felt like it was a character. I haven't played And I said, I I can do some justice to this role now. I was ready to do it. I saw you say working with a good co-star like Megan Good is like having a, a good dance partner. I said that dance partner.


I thought you said dance partner Or good tennis man. I if I said that. Yeah, but she's great 'cause I've known Megan. You said I don't, did I say that? I Make sure you ain't setting me up Dance partner. I thought you Were trying to set me up. I said wait a minute now essentially you just saying that you got having chemistry with a post. Yes. We had great chemistry 'cause I've known Megan, we did an independent film and we we we've seen each other in passing always rooting each other on. So when we worked, we had good chemistry and it was already You know that energy was already there and it just carried over to the film. Even though we play two opposites, it's like, it's it's crazy chemistry that we need for the protagonist antagonist and who my Dallas is. He's a, he's a bad, he's a Wild boy. He's Crazy. But that's necessary in film. You need that crazy dude.


So I was gonna say You know for people that that don't know just came out today. Tell people what the film is about. Two divorced couples going through You know different gist of families. My family supports me, but even though I'm wrong, they never tell me I'm wrong. You know, which is not right because you got You know your, your family always by your side. But no, you gotta tell him he's wrong. And Dallas just didn't know how to treat people. And I think it stems from his childhood trauma dealing with You know his different abuse that he's went through and he's never knew how to heal and never knew how to treat people. So when you don't deal with that, like mental health issues, it carries over into your adult life. And that's what happened with him. So he loved her but he didn't know how to, and he You know he kinda sabotaged the marriage even before it got going and she had to leave.


It was enough. You know And, I like outside Corey looking at that situation, I'm like, she gotta be happy. Gotta do what's best for you. And that's this character. She did that Ava, so Did you feel like y'all got Typecasted because You know both of y'all did go through high profile divorce? No. I I I don't think so. I'm an actor. You know. I've been doing this Charlamagne for like 30 years. And I know when I see good work on the page. And it just so happened that that happened in my life. But what happened was I pulled from my experience, the triumphs, the tragedies, everything and You know and what I do, what I'm great at And I said, I'm gonna put, I'm gonna embody all those channel all those feelings and emotions and I'm gonna just put it into the camera.


I'm gonna let the work speak for me. I don't really speak much about personal life, what matters, but you going to know about the fruit that he's You know. When you talk about the unhealed trauma you had to deal with You know playing this role. Did that trigger anything in you? Because You know And I heard you talking about it. I'm like, I gotta call my therapist today. Hit a little spot just now. You know. No, I was talking about the character. I was I know what I'm saying. But for you personally, is it? Oh Well, well, well no, I'm like, I say I'm, I'm an I'm an actor. I know how to just go from zero to a hundred when that camera's going. So I've been doing this, I You know. So no, I didn't, I didn't channel anything. I just said this is a great project. I mean, I watch What's Love got to do with it. Studied Ike You know Channel, Lil Ike Turner.


And then I watched clips of some of my favorite actors in in movies. And I just went for it. And Tyler gave me the freedom, took the handcuffs off me. And that's rare for, for filmmakers especially of that caliber to say, go for it. Just do you. And when he did that, I, I really went for it. And a lot of people are receiving it really Well. You Hesitant at All. Were you hesitant at all when, when he, when they called you and said the the name of the movie is Divorce in Black and everything that you going I know the Name. Oh, you didn't know the name At First. I didn't know the name at all. I didn't really know the name until I got down there. You know and started seeing You know 'cause it was initialed. DITB then I, but I put it together like, wait, what does this mean? Divorce? And I said, damn, they gonna start saying something Social media.


Damn, They gonna finish, stop saying something. But I said, You know what? I'm an actor. Like I gotta go do what I love. You know I gotta take care of my babies. You know. I, I And I love to act. That's it. But but it's, it's, it's, it's tough right? Because you're out here and for, for you and Megan, y'all out here promoting this movie and it makes people want to ask about your personal situation. I mean, as they should. 'cause they want to know. But my whole thing is my real, real life is my real life. And You know. I just don't, I've never been that way. Even being in a situation married, I, I still never, I always protected my kids and You know I protected her as well. 'cause I feel like that's a man's duty.


You know whether you together or not. It's so I always protect her even though no matter what's going on, I, I I just don't, I don't fall into the pressure. Like you can't pressure me into putting no one down and saying this is what happened or did me like never that You know. It's always gonna be unconditional love with me because I definitely want her to win and she wants me to win and we know the truth and that's just why I leave it. Did you have to call her and say, look, I'm just gonna let You know we doing this movie. It's called this, but it has nothing to do with that 'cause No. Okay. No. She just text me and said she's very proud of me. That's dope. You know. She's so proud of me. You know The World don't know that. And they don't see that. They don't need to. So it's all, it's all like love. I love it. You know.


It's all Love a a as an actor, You know before you take on a role, do you have to empty out everything you might be going through personally to fill yourself up with this, this role, this character? Like empty? What do you mean? Like, Just whatever you're dealing with. Because like, let's just say, Oh, I get I got what you're saying. Yeah. You know what I do. I do. I empty it all out on the camera. So when you see it, it's coming from a real place. Mm. That's the therapeutic side that I use. I use it as therapy to get it all out. What If you gotta get into a dark space myself. Like what if you're a happy, joyful person, but you gotta get into a very dark Space. Most of my characters have been dark, violent, shooting people, You know, biting people nose off shit. I, that's what I still like, that's what I do.


You can't no those, that's what I do. Like I know how to play that guy really well. Street Guy You, know what I'm saying? And I feel at home playing that character. So it's kind of like an easy transition for me when I get these characters. So on the other side, is it easy to get out those characters? Yes and no. When I did a lot of, I did like five or six action films and that was tough with all the shooting. And sometimes You know, it feel like you got the PTSD from here and on and ducking You know. I remember I used to walk around the house and look around the corner and shit. You know, like You know somebody over there or Your daughter running out. Dad is just me. It's just me. Dad. Yeah. Or you gotta answer the door with the deep voice, like who is it? Yeah, You know. You gotta put that tongue. Like, it just, but You know. I mean, but no, IIII know how to, I know how to channel it and, and, and move it to the side when I have to, but yeah.


What, what was the most challenging scene for you? I would say the most challenging scene was roughing up Megan because I've never put hands on a, on a woman in my life. So that was hard. So I had to ask her. You okay? Like, like touching her like a hand and You know I had to throw over the kitchen. And I felt bad 'cause I was like, how I'm gonna do, she's fragile, but she said, Cory, go for it. I got, I've been doing this be an actor, play Dallas service the character. I did that. And so that was cool. And then Miss Debbie Morgan, that was hard as hell, man. Walking into the, y'all didn't see them. I can talk about it. I mean, If, you want to give it away? No, it's a scene I have of Miss Debbie Morgan You know Miss Debbie Morgan and I'm And I had to grab her.


I had to call out a name and she's like, baby, grab me. Like, she grabbed my hand. And when she did that, then I, I did, I grabbed her You know That's interesting because you said you studied You know Lawrence Fishburn and what's Love got to do with it as opposed to studying real tapes that you probably could watch? Like, you Mean I don't want, I'm not saying, I don't know. I'm just saying there's, I'm sure that sadly there's videos out there, men. Oh actually like real domestic violence. Yeah, no. So I like, but I, Ike was a character You know, I'm sure that's not Lawrence Fishburne and I'm playing a character so people should know the difference. So when I watched them, Oh no, I know they know the difference. But like when you're, when you're tapping into something as an actor, is it better to tap into something you see somebody do on screen already or real life?


No, I haven't seen that. Like in real life, like no real life domestic violence. So no, I have not. But I, I can go to film and watch it. You know that's where I pull from most of the time. The, the movies. Now you, you've been doing this for, for over 30 years. Yes sir. Now you just said something that made me think, is this what you always did, right? You said, I asked Megan, Hey, do you mind back then, was it, did you ask or was it just like, no, I'm doing my part and this is what it is. But now it seems like I hear more and more actors saying, let I, let me ask first, do you mind if I do this to you even though it's in the script? Let me speak. Nah, we did. You always did that Or was it Always, I've always been like considerate of a woman or anybody on set You know. I pride myself in being a professional.


You know I've never had an HR case in my life. You know name is clean. I've never got fired from a job in my life. So I pride myself in being a professional and respecting the whole workspace and environment and doing my job. So You know I would've done this years ago, but now it's a little, it's tight 'cause everything is different. You know, even we had a little intimate scene. It wasn't really like that. I had to say like, you okay if You know boom, even Though it's in the script. I had to, I had to, you never, I had to You, know what I'm saying? And I did that. I wanna make sure my scene partners comfortable working with me. And I make 'em feel comfortable in that, that brings out their best work. 'cause they know I'm there to, to handle business. I ain't there for nothing else. I Remember Megan told me one time, she said that taking on, you gotta watch what roles you even take nowadays because people think you're that character.


Man, listen, Charlamagne, I, the movie came out at 3:00 AM I had about probably 60 masters. Like, I hate that nigga. No You really? But they was, But they said, I love you Corey, but I hate like they really, so I said I did my job. That's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I, he's gonna have a, he's gonna have a good shelf life. And if it can do what You know Lauren, we were talking earlier, Lawrence got the matrix after. What's love you got to do with it? If it could do that, then I'm all for it. But I need people to know Cory's, that's Dallas. Let's please don't run up on me on the street like that. Yeah, Because you got idiots out here who for whatever reason, don't know different. Listen, somebody follow me, man, in the LA airport, it said, why you kill Tupac?


Man, stop man, shut up man. And he was serious. Hold on, I'm gonna take my glasses off. He said, why you kill And? I looked at him like, no, I know he's playing with me. Right? He followed me to the damn gate, man. And he was like, man, why you set him up man, why you do that? I said, man, are you serious? Like you had to get the extra look. Yes. Yeah. I said, man, come on now. Don't even the brother that's a movie. Don't You know this. Like, I didn't have nothing. I just played a character. Man. I don't think they do. When, when, when Megan said that to me, I thought she was tripping too. But then I'm like, no, some I can see that in this, in this era Or like a, a movie I did Brother Love that's done really well for like the younger generation. And they always be like, why did Quincy kill? I don't You. know what I'm saying? I'm be like, that's a movie. But You know that means we're doing our jobs and You know art imitates life.


And if I gotta keep doing that, then I'm a, I'm not gonna shortchange the craft because a person feels a certain way I gotta go. It's like all or nothing You know what I'm saying? Now I know you gotta go soon, but I'm always interested how you got into acting. Like what was that thing that said, this is the reason I wanna do it. You're from Chicago and, and you coulda did anything in this world, but you got into acting. What, what was the reason and why? The Reason was my mother, I got in trouble. Me and my brother got in trouble and Oprah Winfrey was having an open cast and called for a movie called There are No Children Here. It was a long time ago on the west side of Chicago. Had a thousand kids in line. My mom took us down. I'm like, man, we ain't about to wait in this line. I think It was right now. You knew nothing about acting at the time? Nah, I was a shy kid.


I didn't really want to, I was, I was a basketball all I was a hooper. You know. So she made us wait 'cause we got in trouble on this line. They picked me and my brother to be in a movie for like two months. I had one line like a hey, that was all I fucking, that's all I had. Right? And after I did that and then being able to see Oprah You know and just looking at her like, she didn't even look real. It was like, man, Oprah was the biggest thing in Chicago around it still is. But I got, I caught something to say, wow, I can possibly do this You know I can. So that, that was my mom and she's in heaven. I with her heart right here, You know what I'm saying? I lost her when I was pretty young. But she's the like driving force behind all my, my passion and living out these dreams.


Have you seen Oprah after that and told her the Story? No. No. Not at all. I saw Gail and she was at the ri she was at the premiere with next to Tyler and she was telling the dude who was whooping my ass and she was like, get 'em Benji. She was standing in my ear trying to get my like, she was like, you a bad man. I was like, GA, there's some movies on. No, but I love it. I love all that man. Do Do you hear from your mother now? Like through Dreams or? She's with me. Yeah. I hear her talking to me. I, I I really do. I do. And that gives me strength to keep going. You know my mom and my children You know And. I know I got 'em. It's like I really, really know. They gonna be fine You know what I'm Saying? How was it adjusting to like You know still having your career, but now being in a co-parenting situation, speaking to the kids?


Because I saw you had your, I think you had one of your kids, but you had the bt Yeah, my, my son Cree. Yeah. He was a T Awards 13. He got to meet in Ellie Chopper. He saw gun, like he was excited. But like I said, we have a great co-parenting relationship and it's about the kids end of the day, it's about the kids. And we're doing, we're doing great in that, in that area. And like I said, I just, I want everybody happy man. And, and if I support that, just happiness. That's It. What what's it like sharing those moments with your, with your child at the BET awards? Because You know he's ha he's happy to be there with you, but then when he sees the NLE Chopper or Gunner you like, hey, No, he was trying to act super cool around me. I was like, Cree gone. I'm like, son, don't get the pincher.


He was like, dad, chill man. Don't embarrass me bro. But he called me man. He like, dad chill man. I was like, what? You just call me man? What? Chill, chill man. We didn't talk like that man. What you, he like, he was like fronting on me. And I was like, come on son, you acting all cool. At Least he ain't call you bro. Because that's the new thing. They'd be like, yo bro. He that Who Him bro. He called me bro, but not, then he called me Chill man. I was like, okay son, I'm gonna chill because right now I can't, I don't wanna mess up your energy. 'cause you in a good space right now. And he's got inspired by going the next morning. He woke up, trained in two hours in the backyard. Video showed me the, the, the FaceTime like, dad look, You know I really wanna go to the NBA You know. So I said, if that can give him that spark, man, that's what I wanted.


Oh, That's what he wants to do. He wants to book. He wants to go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I. Look, I tell him, you can do anything in this world. You wanna do And I and it's something on people. I was doing an interview and we always say hard work, dedication. And then we finished it up. When I got God on my side, he said it on People Magazine. Wow. Yeah. So that's, that's what's up man. So How are you as a dad? Like you said your, your son called you bro before. Yes. He has. You, you, you're a girl dad as well. So that means you get emotional at times. Always. I'm always emotional with my Kids. Alright. I'm the same, but, so, so talk about that a little bit. Like meaning raising Kids in this industry and having kids. How has it changed your life? It changed my life because I, I gotta walk with a certain responsibility on how I move. And I pride myself in that like, You know because I got somebody counting on me.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and stok in the scenery. Have the great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction. All conditions always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's m mi TR e.org/careers.


Like some little people counting on me so Daddy can't make the wrong move. Daddy gotta stay on swivel. Daddy can't get caught up in no mess. Daddy gotta protect the mama regardless. You know what I'm saying? So that's just how I live my life. You know that's how I live because And when your, when your son called you, bro, what was your reaction? What did you say when he said, Bruh? I said, you called me that again. Boy, I beat your ass. If. you ever call me that? No. So he, no, but I talk to my dad, my son like that. 'cause it's tough. I gotta give him that, that that James Evans good times. Like I believe in old fashioned You. know your friend. You my friend second. I'm your daddy first, right? So don't forget it. I'm not your friend First Daddy second. I don't, I don't play that.


I think the biggest issue for us is, well, I, I can't speak for us everybody, but You know sometimes we're black men. We, my, I always say my dad raised me out of fear and not love. That's just because he didn't want me to make the same mistakes that he made. And being that we're, I believe the first generation that gets the luxury of healing. Yes. We have to show, show, show how to lead, how to parent with, with love and not fear. Yes, I agree. It's all about love and fear because you do crazy things outta fear and it, it won't, it's just like that can't be healthy. So you gotta move with love. You gotta move with the good pure intentions. And like I said, but you gotta tell, you gotta be honest with your kids too.


You know. I try to tell 'em what the real world looks like and what it really is because my kids are very spoiled. You know first class, I didn't fly a plane till I was 17. And I was coach all the way in the back. Shoot. I didn't get on one until I was 21. I 21. Yeah. I think I was 17 or 18. I was about, he knows about You know Sushi, the first class and Emirates and Lafon. No, Emirate. He said Em em And Sushi. But Alfonzo, he knows like he in at an early age. But I said, son, mommy and daddy work for this. You gotta work man. Don't no If, you don't work. You can't, you not gonna get none of this. That's real. And you can't rely on Daddy. Like, I will take care of you with my kids. But I'm like, come on, that private, that $55,000 school tuition ain't no joke.


You know. And now my daughter just got in kindergarten, same school. So I'm like, son, that's, I'm doing that for you. So you gotta do something. That's the other struggle. What's that? Because, because my daughter's the same way. My, my youngest eight and five. My favorite airline is Emirates. You know And. I like Mint, JetBlue and You know. Like, I wanna go back to Zanzibar. And it is like, like whoa. You know what I mean? So, but but you open their eyes though. Yes. But there's also a part of you that feels like you want to instill some type of little struggle in it. Little Struggle. You know, remember the pork and beans and hot dogs You know. So they don't come from that You know sugar sound like it is just like, I want him to have that sometimes. Take him to Chicago, take him to the project.


I want him to see that. No, they order steak. Can I get my steak medium please? I'm like medium. I used to get it well done in Sizzle, but Do we really want that for our kids? I I don't, but it's kind of like, I wanna trick 'em like I want it, but I know You know like, man, my kids gonna be fine. Yeah. But just give 'em a little balance. So my Kids order Uber Eats when they hungry. Yeah. We'd have to go and make something, figure something out. Shoot. If there was something to make, If it was something to make, but They go Uber Eats, nah, I'm just gonna order Chick-fil-A today, dad. Yeah. And we say, okay, it's, it's different. All right baby. But are we setting them up for success or is it like fail? Like that's what I'm saying, like, because I didn't have that. Like I, I know how to go get it. Like whatever. You can throw me out in the survival mode. I'm sure you guys as well. But I guess I do get afraid sometimes.


I pray to God how my kids are, I pray constantly to raise trauma free kids. So why would we ever, why And I always think to myself, why do I want to You know, show them any type of trauma. Like why, why do I want that in them when I'm, when I'm trying so hard to get it outta me. You know. Absolutely. Did you ever think that you would, was there any ever any doubt that I might not make it out of Chicago? Yeah, a lot of times, a lot of, lot of crazy stories got a gun pulled out a lot. It is A lot of those we'll be here all day. Like I, I made it out by the grace of God. You know I've got this p song, Psalms 46, 10 be still know I'm God. That's right. I've been wearing the blood of Jesus on his left hand for 13 years.


I got oil on it. So, but I still cuss. I'm still real You know. I look at Man in the eye and let him know I'm a I'm a grown ass man. You know. It's just me. I I don't need 30 people with me. You know. So it's just like, but I do, I do love God and know I'm still here because of God. And I, And I got a purpose to fulfill You know. What Does your support system look like? Like just, just you Corey. I mean, I'm working on it. My kids not a big one. You know, but I'm working on it. I'm just now getting like, team behind me is telling me to celebrate myself. I don't really know how, I wasn't never really used to celebrating me.


I was always what's the next job or what's the next thing or keep moving or that's not good enough. Or You know. 'cause I 40 something movies I still felt like not appreciated. Sometimes You know, like, man, You know, but, but this is the first one where I feel like Mr. Perry was just like, You know. He told me he loved me the other day. Hug me. I'm so effing proud of you You know. And to hear him say that gave me some confidence to say I'm doing, I'm doing all right. Do you feel underappreciated because you got, it's like you're the face that everybody knows but might not know their name. Like you are that face, like they, oh, that's homie from, but what's his name again? Like you that, but you've been in every damn near mood, every, every movie Way to make a brother feel good in No, it's the truth Though.


No, that was Amazing. It's fine. No, it's changing. Look, they saying my first and last name, not Essence. They cha they was chasing me. And I was just like You know. They was naming all these projects and characters and in time we did Good Morning America and they were Corey Harger. So it felt it, it felt good. But I really don't do it for somebody to know my name. I really work because I love it. And I Act because I want to impact people's lives and change their lives just with the entertainment side of it. And, I wanna always be memorable. I don't do it for that, but You know. I'm ready to step into what's, what's necessary for the next part to elevate this thing. Because I do feel like I'm one of the best actors in The World. I, I, that's how I feel like that quiet confidence.


I do, I do feel that way. You feel Like you don't get the credit you deserve as an actor. I'm not looking for it. I don't know. You are not looking for it. But do you feel that way? Nah, they'll give it to me when they supposed to. Like I get underrated and how come you ain't anymore? Movies that I get compared to people, but I'm like, people you compare me to, I love. And my friends You know God gives time. Like the time is different for everybody You know. But I feel like my time is now though. It's Coming. What's your, what's your dream role? What role do you want to do? Or who do you wanna play? Is it an action figure? Is it what, what what's your dream role? I really haven't thought it, I used to wanna play Barack, but then they did a movie by Barack And.


I was just like, ah, I can see That. I can see it. I can see it too Too soon. You said It. I be from Chicago. Yeah. But now I just wanna play like, I wanna play black Jesus say The World. Like You know. I wanna really do that like in a human way. Like save people, help people You know. Just let people know that You know that we gonna be all right. You know And I cans. I can, I I'm the one that can make sure everything's okay. I wanna play that character, whatever that character may be. How do you stay focused nowadays being a a a a single man and You know being on television and being in movies and Yes sir. I'm sure women are You know coming at you, you on Breakfast Club with a blazer on no shirt, no shirt, thirst Trapping.


I saw y'all look. No, no, I'm not. I ain't thirst trapping but it up Corey. But I said I wanna, I said I wanna hit him with that Rick James. Rick Just hilarious. I said I wanna hit him with that Rick James You know my man out there. He told me, he's like, yeah, light skinned brother's always coming no shirt on. But I said, I got dark, dark skin energy brother. I I, I act like a dark skinned dude. But I, yeah, I'm like, whatever man. But You know. Nah, I'm not, I'm not dating, it's just I'm focused on my kids. That's why I'm dating. Like, 'cause when I'm not trying to work or handling business, I'm trying to get my body right. I'm real into the health conscious. Like I eat, well I do cryotherapy, massages, physical therapy. So I'm, I do that and my children You know. So no, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm not.


I'm focused Cry therapy. That's the the ice Ice therapy. Yeah. So I does that really work? I do IV drips. Yeah, it does work. Yeah. Yeah, it does work. It gets inflammation like outta your body. Like I slipped at work this year. It's a whole nother thing. And I. But it's all good. Somebody tell me, it gives you a, a sense of clarity. Like, like yeah, You, yeah, you do get some clarity. Like you feel free. Like you, it opens up everything. Boost your immune system, like they said, those endorphin endorphins, whatever, they boost everything. Yeah. So Was doing this movie therapeutic for you? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, It was just for the subject matter. You know, even though Dallas is nowhere way, like Corey Hardrick, And I want people to know that.


'cause You know I got some messages that I saw too. And they gonna be talking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if they don't recognize that I'm an actor, I've really been doing this You know, I've been to the Oscars You know twice. I've been in a bunch of movies. It's made over billions of dollars. But like you say, I haven't really been visible. Now I'm like, I got a publicist now. She's here. Michelle Huff, I got a manager. Sheila like got some strong black women behind me. So it's like, did you not have that before? Nah, I didn't. Didn't Have it. Oh, that's why you hesitate When I asked you what's the support system look like when you say you working on it? Yeah, I'm working. This is all new. Wow. I've known them both for a while, but this is new. And they're You know, they're like my community who's trying to inspire, encourage me.


So sometimes it's still hard for me to believe it on who I am. Is that because you, you because you lost your mom at such an early age? You I would say that's some of it. And just dealing lost my brother like 14 years ago to gun violence in Chicago. That's why Chicago, when we bring that up is kind of like a touchy You know. 'cause that brings back memories of tragedy and pain. You know when I think about Chicago, but it is You know it happened and You know. I just, I'm doing my best to honor, honor them to this day. And I. I mean, I lost my stepdad a few years ago as well, who's like a my dad as well. So it's just been a lot. Yeah. Yeah. It's been a lot. And then You know everyone knows the other, the other thing.


And so it gets tough, but it is what it is. Do do you have to a adjust to bringing people around? 'cause you probably condition yourself to be such a I'm Closed off loner. Yeah. Yeah. I don't trust nobody. Like it takes a while to get into like my space or You know just to let you in there. So I'm, like I said, when I said I'm working on it, I'm really like working on it now, like today. But I do see light at the end of the tunnel. I feel like it's clear as day now, like where I'm going. Like I, I I I've developed strength, like a certain strength where I feel like I'm, can nothing stop me now. I'm actually stronger than I've ever been at this moment in my life.


I'm always scared for actors though. Only because like You know you, you, they always say staying busy as a response to trauma. And when you're acting you can totally escape yourself. You don't even have to be you Right. Or deal with you. So when you not acting and you finally gotta just sit down and deal with you, oh my God. Right. You right. I mean, yeah, because I, I give it all into the camera, but when you go and you're done, you just plop down and it's like, man, I'm exhausted. You. know what I'm saying? Like, I, I'm drained, like I'm drained. Like what do I do to pick myself back up? That's why I just do a lot of things like eating healthy that helps me out. Like drinking some fasting and drinking juice, doing the juice clean like that, that, that gets me back.


Doing the foot treatment, like detox treatment with the foot treatments. So yeah. That's, that's pretty much It Sound Like you're learning yourself all over again, man. Yes, I am. It's a good Thing. Word in a good way. Absolutely. Just in a good way. Like people are like, man, I ain't never seen like you, you stepping out and you doing all this stuff. But I feel like I got, I have to now to get to where I need to go. You know, it's just like I gotta do a little different, just a small tweak. I'm not really changing who I am, it's just, I'm just letting people know that I'm, I'm Corey Hardrick Bro. We've been up here 15 years and this is the first time you've been up here. So we've seen the change and hopefully you'll come back. Corey Here Before. I don't think Cory been up Here before. Did y'all interview? I think y'all interviewed us for Brother Love.


Yeah, You were for bro, it was a Group of us. It was, It was. It was like four of us. I've never been solo. Like it was a, like a, a team of us. A people. But I'm glad we're seeing you more man. Thank you. Jam. I'm proud of y'all brothers doing it. Thank you sir. Doing it man. Holding it down for the Culture. Did you have chest heads and you shaved them off? You? I have no chest heads. I'm just saying. I Didn't put no grease. You talking about this man, Come On man. It's just interesting to me. You ky Charla man. I gonna hit him with that pause. Didn't even say Pause man, you, When you doing the blazing no shirt. I'm like, okay. Like you said Rick James. I'm just trying to figure out, but I didn't, It it get a little tricky when they glisten the chest. I don't do nothing to my chest. Whatever my chest look like, that's what it's gonna look Like. You don't want 'em to put No, You ain't put nothing on my chest. Even when they doing the makeup, you don't let them spray Stay away from the chest.


They Coming. They be like, let spray on this a little bit. Charm. Ain't no, I gotta keep it growing. I'm a grown ass man though. Don't, don't come in my chest, man. Paul, God. Now now you talking about That was crazy. What did he say was crazy? Yeah, it was Crazy. No, you my man. I hit you with the ball. Jesus Christ made us open and uncomfortable. All right, well Corey, we appreciate you for joining us. Charle me was flirting with you. That was check out the movie though. Yes. The boss in the black out right now Salute to the Good Brother Tyler Perry. We do not give Tyler Perry the flowers he deserves. I love Tyler Perry. This movie gonna change. It's changing my career trajectory. I'm telling you right now. You, when y'all see it, you going to see what I was saying. We saw what Megan said about Tyler Perry her the most she's ever been paid what she deserves. I heard Tara Roger say that I've heard Tiffany, you had you say that.


Can I tell you? Yeah. He paid me the most I ever made in the film for three weeks. Really? Wow. Ever. And I've worked on films five months, $75 million budgets. Three weeks. That's why I say he's a gift from God. He's an amazing human being For God. Man. And, I. Don't think people realize And I. Maybe I'm wrong because I'm not in Hollywood, but doesn't that set a precedent? Once you get that, that's your, I hope so. Your rate moving forward. I, I hope so. Yeah. Like, like I said, I can, just being honest, I hope so. I would love to You know double that or keep it pushing there and, and, and, and beyond. So yeah, I feel like I'm, I'm on the right track. Okay. For that Outta my peripheral. I saw Sheila go. Yeah. I don't know. Just depends. Is that a precedent moving forward? She's like, okay, we go get that money.


Yeah, but salute to Tyler. 'cause people don't do that. Man. And I love hearing those stories. I love hearing, hearing people say that. I had the Brad pit, Eddie Murphy trailer, like the three levels. I I went in there, had a bed or a water bed. Jaco, I'm saying you could live in his, in the trailer that he had for me. That's how I knew. I said I'm being valued. That's right. Wow. That's right. So that's why, that's what brought out my best work of being valued. Wow. Well thank you so much for joining this. I Love Tyler Perry. Tyler, I ask you one More question. Ask me anything. Want You to look at this man right here. You All man in the interview, man, you Seen Morris Chestnut before. Swear. What? Do anything he look like Morris Chestnut. Morris Not in the movie Morris. Like he not working with Morris Chestnut. Nothing do With nothing. He swears he looks like You saying you look like Morris. You Think he look like Morris Chestnut called himself Morris Nutt.


Now you've seen the brother in the movies with the brother. You look like Charlamagne don't thank you. I don't think you favor Morris Chestnut. Thank you. Well, I don't see it. You might need Lasix a little bit. Just, just a little You know, like, But why are you saying look like another man? Squint, squint like this. Like you saying you look like another dude. What's Going on? Morris said, Morris said he gets mistaken for me. That's what he said on Jennifer Hudson show. I Know more Morris lying his ass up. Morris don't look shit like you, man. Why y'all doing that more? Stop that man. That's my man. Corey Orrick. Ladies and gentlemen, check out Perry's divorce in black on Amazon Prime right now. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake That ass up, Irv in the morning. The Breakfast Club@public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. Available To players in the us, excluding Washington, Michigan. No purchase necessary. BT Group by law 18 plus terms and condition supply.


If. you are a smoker or dipper looking to make a change. You really only need one reason to do it. But with Zen nicotine pouches, you can find many. ZI is America's number one nicotine pouch. It's made with only six simple ingredients. Plus Zinn is the only nicotine pouch with a 10 day hassle-free trial. There are lots of options when it comes to nicotine satisfaction, but there's only one Zen. Find yours in online or in a store near you at zi.com/find. Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your caps. With the AC blasting at T 5G and Home internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing picks from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G. At Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.