
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Life is an act of constant revention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The BS Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Wake that ass up Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club l the Rosa, filling in for Justice Morning. And we got a special guest in the building. We have Kev on stage. Yes Sir.


What's up Y'all? How you feeling? Good morning. Good. I I've been wanting to hear that for a long time. How are you my brother? I'm Good man. Thank you guys for having me. You know, There's some people who might know ke. I got a Tupac question. Who number one, who is Kev on stage and who is Kevin Fredericks? Oh, it's a good question. Kev on stage is probably the performative version of Kevin Fredericks. Kev on stage is a comedian entertainer. Pretty much do anything to make you laugh. I feel like Kevin Fredericks is a father, husband, business person as well. You know, that's it. I think it's two sides. When I'm, when I'm at home, I'm Kevin Fredericks, I make my family laugh and I'm not like, yo, let me see this boo boom boo.


You know what I'm saying? But when I leave that house, I'm, I'm Kev on stage. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I think that's the difference. How'd you, how'd you get into comedy? Especially coming from the church? Yeah, I think and you Are a clean quote unquote clean comic as they say. Yeah. And when I say clean, I just don't cuss. Okay. I was about to say 'cause yeah, because Clean has different connotations. Like you can be clean where there's no vulgar material at all. You don't touch certain subjects. I really just don't cuss. I talk about everything else in my life. Everything else that I think is funny. I just don't cuss. I say nigga too though, like I just, as a church kid, I could not cuss. My mom would rather me bring home a child than to cuss. Really? Yes. Cussing was so bad And I, you know, a lot of churches worse, premarital sex.


Oh, way worse. Really? What's a little baby amongst friends and family? You can't have a baby, but cussing in the house, she was like, absolutely not. And I didn't trust myself to cuss at school and not cuss at home like most of the church kids did. So I pretty much did. You know, I premarital sex, I just never cussed. But nigga don't, don't practice bad habits is what you, nah, nah. I just never, I, I felt like they would catch me slipping and it's actually really a tool for me in comedy. I think a lot of times you gotta work a little bit harder if you ain't cuss. And sometimes cuss words are just funny. So you just throw it out there and it's funny. But to answer your question, my comedy started in church, like making people laugh in church after church. My grandma would be like, do that thing Sister Daniels did when she fell over. Do that, do that person shout, do how that person preached.


And I, I, I would get to stay in the living room a little longer around grown folks and stuff like that. So once I realized, oh, this gets me attention, this gets me perks, I started leaning into that. And you know, black churches is where a lot of performers get their first start. So I, I did a talent show in church at 16 And I was like bitten by the bug then. And then shout out to Nate Jackson, a real big comedian now. He had a comedy club in Tacoma and he let me do 20, 25 minutes at his club every Thursday for like two years. And that's where I really, really honed my craft. After college, I was just going there every week and a lot of times we had a lot of regulars there so I couldn't do the same material. So I'd have to like do new jokes, get better, do new stuff.


So I think that's, the church gives me the performance. The club helped me sharpen my tool. Why do you keep saying like, what made you keep saying the N word? Because I'm trying not to say the N word no more really. So what made you not curse but say the N word. You know, that wasn't a cuss word to me. Yeah. Like there was certain words that my mom Just say sham man been saying it for 15 years. He been trying to stop saying the N word. Oh have You, you cus of all these niggas be, it's hard not, you know what I'm saying? He's been digging. It's hard not to use it. I think as a black kid, all my friends were saying, nigga, it was in black culture, movies, tv. And it wasn't a cuss word to my mom. She, it wasn't on the list. Like some people couldn't say lie.


Like my wife, she couldn't say lie in the, you know, in in the house. My family pissed off wasn't a cuss word and nigga just didn't really bother them. I didn't say it a lot at home, but it didn't raise no flags. So those was like the one curse word I could say. So I said it so Much. It's always the president telling you not to say lie. That's the biggest liar. Yeah. That's why they don't want you to say, don't call me out. Yeah, we don't, yeah, we don't say lie. We don't say fat and we don't say ugly in, in the house. Really? All those words. Yeah. You fat on top. Ugly Liar. What would I do without those words? I grew up, my mom cuss me out like a, she was really what? Oh no, she's a soup sweet humble lady now. But oh you Should have led with that part. And, and then said She's a good 'cause they met her and they'd be like, what?


I'm trying, no, it was, yeah. Oh, She's changed. Oh yeah, She's sweet Now its, and my grandmother, my grandma's locked into the church now, so. Yeah. You know, I I wanted to ask you about, you know, we had Big Mac here, so to be one my producers and he was talking about what you did during Covid. Yeah. He was very impressed of, of how Covid, who had everybody locked down. You made it into a business and a successful business. He said he's seen you go from small house to medium house to bigger house to different car to this, to this, that. And the, so tell the people what you did during Covid, that was something that was totally different. Yeah, there were some other things in there, but that was the most visible shout out to Spectrum. Appreciate y'all keep your distance. Comedy was our covid comedy relief situation.


So what I did in LA we obviously everything was locked down during Covid and then we got the notification that you could have up to 25 people outside socially distance, two people here, six feet, two more people. And I could never do the Zoom comedy. I could never get into it because comedy is about timing and that short delay from Zoom response you it, it, it threw me off. Some people could do it. I just, I needed instant reaction to know if it's funny or not. So once they did that, I had the idea of like, okay, if we get people to come outside, luckily LA is warm and it doesn't rain that often and we could split them up and get 25 people. I'll bring the comics, comics in, we'll do covid testing, put 'em up and we'll live stream the comedy.


'cause we didn't have nothing to do. Like we watching verses and you know, me and my wife was like, we was having like fight parties for verses. I was like, we really, she's making nachos. You know what I'm saying? We like really The have the best parties. Yeah. Like them verses party, the NIE verses. That was the only thing to look forward to. Yeah. Like new interested didn't even care about the, the quality. It was like, oh is coming on. So I was like, what if we do that for comedy? And that's basically where the idea came from. You said you Run it outta alley. We, it was like the back parking lot of our partners studio. Like it was a back parking lot Emini here. We literally had 25, 30 people max, maybe 35, including the comics. And we needed the comics. We were like, y'all stand here too. So we have as much audience as possible.


We had a covid test. Every single person, it was like $200 a test. It was crazy expensive. But yeah, I flew all these comics in And I, we live stream their sets. We have like six com comedians. Probably did over 150 micro specials over the two year period. Introduce a lot of people to a lot of comics, to a lot of different people. A lot of people to live a lot of different comics. A lot of comics. Biggest YouTube video is their Keep Your Distance special. And it was like, it was like my proudest moment to, to create opportunities to see black comedians put some money in their pockets, give them some tape to show the comedy clubs. Like I would ask them like, yo, can you send me your tape so I could market it? And they like, bro, I don't have no tape because most comedy clubs are drab and dark and you know, it's not quality.


So we gave them their specials to do with what they wanted afterwards. So they put 'em up on YouTube or chop 'em up and make reels. And it was fantastic. Dave Chappelle actually executed it first. Like I have the idea and then I saw him do it in Ohio. So that was like, oh great, now I can say just how Dave did that. Right? That's how we're gonna do it. So you Said you had no less than 10,000 people on the stream each, each every other week, Right? Right. It was every other week. That was early Covid. So as guidelines relaxed, the ticket sales went down. So the, at the top, at the peak of it was 10,000 tickets. 14,000 tickets. And we were averaging about 10,000 tickets. And that's like just people who purchased, but people were having basically five parties. They'd have 10, 15 people.


So it was like almost closed cap Emini here. Closed circuit TV parties. So, but as each state, once Atlanta was outside, then it was less then Texas it was less. But we did it for about two years straight and it was, it was fantastic. And I, and now that's on Amazon, you can go watch those, all those specials on Amazon. First of All, your partnerships go crazy. Yeah. Because you for real Amazon, didn't I? So I was gonna ask you after that, I know you did something with Patreon with the women in comedy. Yeah. 'cause you forgot the women a lot in the pandemic. I no, I didn't, I didn't forget the women. I made sure there was at least one black woman and often two or three on every single show. KD Show because I had so, well I, I don't think I paid attention to that.


Yeah. Because I, yeah. 'cause y'all don't see black women. No, because That's, women Don't never, never see black women. But they always wanna say men don't see black women. I I from all deaf, digital. So I've seen you work with so many women and like different people. I didn't think about that. But when I was researching for this, I saw something in essence where you had talked about one of your homegirls was like, yo, like where are the women at? Like we can we like Hello? Yeah. And then you did the, the partnership with Patreon. Yeah. So Patreon reached out to me and was like, what do you want to do? And to continue my efforts to support black women. I know that's right. Because He was already having black women on already, like black women don't see each other. I understand, I understand. I worry about this All the time. Honestly, the truth is the ratio of comics, it's probably eight to two men to women anyway.


Mm. So to make sure I had a black woman, I had to like, I was flying them out. At first I was only doing LA Comics, but after I ran out of LA Women, I was flying them out, flying women from New York and Atlanta everywhere. Short As of black women in la, Black women comics, black women Comic. I'm sorry. Okay. But yeah, when Paton reached out, they're like, what do you wanna do? You wanna do a special? And I was like, I wanna produce standup specials for the black women I think are funny. So, so that's what we did. We had an amazing time. And Mel Mitchell, Ty Davis, Pariss, Paris, Sasha, I think Grace came from New York. Lyn Indescribable did some time. And there's one person I'm forgetting off the top of my head. No, I said Ty. Oh, okay. Paris. Oh that might've been it.


That might've Specials do. They did great. Okay. My shout out to my Patreon, the stage crew, they support Keep your distance. They support Patreon. They buy a lot. So, No, you know why? The reason I ask that is because a lot of times we ask for things but we don't support. Yeah. Oh like that's, that's, that's something black people do. We ask for things. We say, oh we want more black women. But then do you actually watch the Black Woman special when she does it? Do you watch her sitcom? Do you watch her cable news show? Huh? That That's, I do. That's And people support you though. Like they do, you get a lot, especially online, like you've mastered the comedian that comes from like the stage, but like also is online. But people will take you very serious. Yeah. And brands take you very serious. It's hard to be in that middle space sometimes. Yeah, I think I, I totally agree.


I think there are two different skills and you need to know how to do both of them. And for me the internet's always been a tool to get you to come to shows and do other stuff. Like I'm just trying to get your attention. Right. But you have to be funny on the internet and then you have to be funny in real life's. Right. And a lot of times comedians are on the internet but they haven't put the time in. In standup, I actually did the reverse. Right. But I wasn't making videos on the internet so people didn't know I was a standup. So then I was like, okay, I need to remind people. So a lot of times people come to my show, it's their first standup comedy show ever that they've ever attended. So I think few people have mastered both because they both require immense level of training in that discipline. Right. You know what I'm saying? Even if you're funny, you might not, it might not necessarily translate to the internet.


'cause you need to know how to be funny on that specific platform. Each platform has their own identity. Twitter funny's not the same as Instagram, TikTok, they all have their own identities and comedic abilities. Some stuff translates to all five. But, but not All that. And and it's all different buckets of money. Yeah. Like if you are able to do standup. Yeah. You go do your standup. If you're able to do stuff on social media, you do social media. Yeah. If you could do both, get it all absolute. Absolutely. Get brand deals. Some platforms pay you, you know, brand deals, live show money. Like that was the other thing about keep your distance. It was like I went from touring and selling out to not being able to tour. So I still got my family, I got employees and stuff. So I'm like, I need a way to generate this income 'cause people looking for me to, to pay their bills. Right. So switching to that, you know, keep your distance was also just, that's the Kevin Fredericks of it.


That's the business mindset of like we gotta pivot And I, and also knowing that that business is not gonna last long term. Right. Soon as people can go outside again, they're gonna go outside. You know what I'm saying? That nothing can compete with being able to go outside, have dinner and go to a show or do Whatever. Did your internet life start like with you figuring out okay, on the stage I also should do internet. Did that begin during the all Dev digital time or like what was the first like internet breakthrough for you guys? It was prior. Prior. Prior to even moving to LA it was back in the day I had a group called the Playmakers. Me and my brother and my friend aunt. And we used to actually do physical plays like Tyler. We were trying to be Tyler Perry but we lived in Tacoma, Washington. Mm. And you just not gonna be able to stand up a play in Tacoma. There's not enough black people.


Mm. There's not enough stuff. Tyler started in Atlanta so he was able to, his audience was there more. So I remember we were struggling. We, we had lost its investor. We lost $40,000 of his money. Like he and first we put up on ourselves. We do like high schools and churches that didn't go nowhere. Got an investor, gave us $40,000. We didn't make that man a dime of his money back. So next time we got $20,000 and we flew this Tyler Perry promoter out, he was like, yo, this place is great. Like Tyler would love to see this. You guys gotta stand it up in Oakland. We're like, okay, what do we gotta do? Like you gonna help us? He was like, yes, I'm gonna help you set up in Oakland. All you need is $300,000 to set it up. No, all you need is $300,000. I said Brother Emini here, you might as well be 300 million. Yeah. At that point I probably had $756 in my account.


Like me and my wife made just enough to pay those bills. So I remember watching like Billy lls at that time, he did a thing black girl say Matt had already been watching YouTube, Issa and Dorm Tam Tim trying to wrong suit all those people. But it didn't seem like a viable business for me 'cause I didn't know how that worked. But Billy Sorrells is a comedian And I knew and he was the, his video did like 9 million views. So I thought if we can go on the internet and make people laugh, then when we go do our plays then people will be like, oh I saw 'em on the internet. I'll come to the plays. Then as we started first two videos we did things black church girls say and things black parents say both went really viral. A million views at that time. That was a lot of views on YouTube.


Still a lot of views, still a lot. But it, that happens more often now than it used to. And at that moment I was like, oh actually the internet is a thing of its own. Like if we just do that, that we should focus on building that. And then churches would bring us out. We would do standup all over, you know, the United States doing me and my brother and aunt. And then after that I was like, I need to do my own stuff. Like pretty much instantly I was like, I don't wanna get boxed into just doing church stuff. 'cause then that's all people will let you do. So I started my Kev on stage YouTube page, which is almost at a million followers, which has been a goal of mine from the very beginning. But it's been harder 'cause the algorithm doesn't encourage you to subscribe like it used to because it's all just like recommended. But the internet became the goal and since then I probably been making a video every single day.


So to answer your question, it was those two videos. Yes. And then all deaf. When I moved to LA I got a job there And I actually, that was kind of tough 'cause I had to stay, take a step back from being talent because they were like, you are here to nurture the other people. You ain't gonna build your channel, you ain't gonna do none of that stuff. You do all that on your own time. And I got fired from Boeing previously And I was like, I can't get fired from no jobs no more. And it was hard to get a job in LA so I made sure I focused on those talent from Boeing, the plane company, Boeing, the plane company. I was in there watching. So when you left, that's when the planes just started ing up. You did quality control. I ain't have nothing to do with them flying. I had nothing to do with them crashing. Okay. All right. I was doing a little bit of work in there.


I ain't do much in there. But all deaf helped me to develop other talent and helped me to develop shows. Like my job, I was the head of talent and head of Talent and head of Creative at all Def at the same time. So I helped, you know, bring talent in, develop them and also help develop in those shows. So Roast Me Great Taste, all those shows were developed underneath me. They, they were not my ideas. Like Patrick and Teddy and Hir and all those group, you know, Meg, they would create the shows but again we would brainstorm and stuff like that. So you were to Russell was Russell at that time? Yeah, he's the one who hired me. Oh wow. Russell hired me, he called me. I had a meeting with them And I was pitching a movie and he was like, we don't wanna do this, but why don't you come run Talent for me called me as I left his house And I started like within two weeks.


And that was, And you were a guide there too. Like I did a couple episodes of the cooler. Yeah. And, and like I remember like people just the way that they talked about you and just y'all team in the, in the office. I was like, okay, if you do this like you, you make it next and then you see like to hear like everybody's everywhere now. Yeah. How impactful was Russell Simmons on your career then and just being at all Dev Digital? Oh, I think the opportunity that he gave me was life changing. Like skill wise, I should not have had that job absolutely light in my interview about the teams I ran. Oh man, I had 30 tellers here. People at Boeing, I had this many people working under me. Nobody reports. What do you think God thought of it? Emini here. You know what I'm saying? He probably was like, he probably was like, you gotta gimme in how you fit in.


You know what I'm saying? Think he understood. He might not, might not have been his proudest moment of me, but you know what I'm saying, I gotta feed these kids. You know what I'm saying? So, but I was a firm believer, you gimme this job, I'll do this job. Right. I might not be prepared, but I went in there and and got it together. But yeah, without that job I I, it was like digital media college for me. Like I learned how to make six episodes in a day. It's funny, we just went to WrestleMania last night. Emini here, raw wrestling last night. And I, we were early And I saw them taping other shows ahead of time And I was like, that's, that's efficient. Like that's how we would've thought of that. You got these people here, you can shoot. They shot I think speed before they shot Saturday ninth to Main Event. You have all this talent here, cycle them through.


We was making great taste. We were making six, eight episodes a day 'cause we didn't have a lot of money. So we had to learn how to maximize our time and our budget be efficient. So be efficient with content, with ideas. How to make more with less. So that type of thinking is what trained me to be more successful eventually start my own app Patreon. Like that's how I was taught to do that. Awesome. Actually before that I was working at awesome S tv, which is, I remember that the kid version of all deaf. My kids were Zaza and jojo, they had a show on awesome called Crazy I say. So I learned from them. I unpaid, I went and sat in their staff meetings When we moved to LA I was like, Hey, can I just come sit in the staff meetings? Smart. So for two years before, like a year before I got to even at all deaf, I would be at their staff meetings every day just taking notes, seeing how they thought about stuff, seeing how they did brand deals.


So when I went to all def I had all that knowledge from awesomeness. So I knew what I was talking about in the interview And I actually knew how to do the job. I just had never done the job. Who was your inspiration as comedians coming up? Standup wise, all of the above. Probably my biggest was a J's probably my favorite comedian. He's just so physical. He didn't care. Whatever. He was gonna make you laugh. Sinbad was going to make you laugh. He didn't cuss. He didn't cuss either. Yeah, we love Sinbad. Yeah, but Sinbad doesn't cuss but you don't notice he doesn't cuss. Which was what my goal was. I don't want you to like be like, oh this is non cussing guy. It's funny. You want, I want people to leave and be like, I don't think I even heard him cuss. And that's how Sinbad was. Bernie Mack probably made me laugh harder than I ever did his def Comedy Jam special.


And me and my wife saw him in Kings of Comedy. And that set is probably the most flawless standup set to me. Eddie Murphy as a goal of how big a comedian could be. And then more recently Kevin Hart, like Kevin Hart is funny in so many disciplines. So to be funny on standup podcasts, TV movies. Like that's how I see myself. Regular conversation, just interviewing. Yeah. Like to me his offhand comedy is some of his best work cold as balls. He's funny. But you get him in the interview session scenario and you realize just how funny he is. He is. Yeah. So I think all those people, probably even Jonathan Slocum was probably the first one though. He's a black church comedian. He had a, a tape called Laugh Yourself to Life that my parents listened to all the time to and from church.


And that's the person who probably made me think that you could even do standup related to church things. And it could be funny. When did you Start noticing the comedy in the church? Like do you remember that first thing that you saw in the church that you found funny? Oh man. Abso so many things. Sister Lewis was Sister Lewis in our church. She might have been alive, but you ain't say God bless her. No God rest her soul. I I I ain't want bring it down but God rest. You said Sister Lewis. I'm like, she gotta be about 105 Sister Lewis. God rest her soul. Sister Lewis went on to be with 'em, but she be with him soon. Wanna be with him. Oh My God, it is so tabernacle of me. But she worked like two jobs. But she loved church and she could never stay awake.


So to wake herself up she would yell out. So she fell asleep. God is amazing like that. And everybody would look and oh, it's your sister Louis. But she do it where you're preaching in the most inopportune moment. She would wake up and scream out And I was like, nobody is saying anything about this. So when we get home, I'd be like, y'all. And then we'd be eating dinner, I'd be like, y'all remember Sister Louis? God is amazing. And my grandma and them would bust out laughing. And she did that from like my whole childhood, like 10 years straight. Nobody ever stopped her. Nobody ever said, Hey, it's okay to not to come. You can, you know, rest. So that's probably the first thing I noticed. That was funny. And that's the first thing I I copied. Did you do that joke in front of her? Oh yeah. And she thought it was hilarious and she could never pronounce my name. My name is Kevin. She'd be like Calvin And I would always be like Calvin.


And they, my family thought that was hilarious. My great grandmama was hilarious. She had a little, you know, five o'clock shadow. Yeah, she was, she was big prickly. She had George Clooney same beer yo had And I Strike that. Yeah, she was bearded up. You say you had That too? No, I had aunts like that. Like my, I had like a, I don't wanna call 'em, well they're not here no more. I had, I had great, great when I was younger, I remember my great-great aunts down in Virginia. They were all very prickly. Yeah. And I was like, Ooh, this is not supposed, I always was a little confused. Yeah. So I make one of my grandma like, grandma, you, you got this, you got a beard. And my grandma, my, my, that was my great-grandma, my grandma, my mom. My whole family thought that was funny. We had a, a family of nine in a three bedroom house.


So laughter is what kept us like sane I guess. And we had a dog too. It was like, man, we don't have enough money to feed us why we got the dog. But that was, that was not unusual, you know what I'm saying? So we were poor, but we didn't know we were poor because we were full of love and laughter. And that's kind of how I saw The World. So that was, that was my approach. Now Your wife has been with you. Y y'all been together 20 years over 20 Years. 20 years married. I was gonna add that because when I'm watching you tell your story, she's, she's like, she can, like when you said the 40,000 thing, she was like, oh, Y'all are one of my favorite husband and wi content duo Emini here. And I know you got your own lane of things that you do. Yeah. But like, y'all together and then separately it's just like, like I I bounced back and forth sometimes.


Thank between you two. Thank you. Has she always believed? Always believed and God are both always believed? I don't know if she was always believing in my version of how to get to things. Okay. Because like when I went, for example, when I wanted to move to LA I was like, I had written this whole plan that I submitted to her. 'cause I was like, I submitted to her. Yeah, yeah. Sounds crazy. Listen, we submit to each other, right? So I was like, I wanna move to la here's my plan. And part of the plan was let's give our house up for foreclosure. Like, who cares? I'm gonna get to la I'm gonna get, I'm gonna make it back in cash, you know, let the house go. 'cause this was during the housing crisis. I was like, everybody's house is foreclosing. I'm gonna get it back. And she was like, or we could rent it out. And I was like, oh snap.


That's, that's genius. 'cause it was upside down at the time by like $40,000. And that 40,000 number is just 40,000 just hovering with you. That's a lot of money, bro. Yes. We, we couldn't even sell it, but we rented it out and lo and behold, it's up over its value now. So I think she, she's helped me to steer those things into a a a foreseeable thing. But she's never been like, no that. Now, the first time when I got fired from my job, that was the first time I told her, which job was this? This is when I got fired from Key Bank back in Washington. Jesus. How many times you got fired? I only got fired once. Oh, okay. I, I quit. I quit born, come up here. I got fired from Key Bank and, And I deserved it. Like I, I wasn't a good employee.


I was making color copies of comedy show flyers. I left the original in the glass. I was doing all type of stuff. Had my feet on the desk, told my era retail lead manager. She was like, what are your goals here at the company? And I told this woman who oversaw all the banks in the Puget Sound, I don't, I don't plan on working here. I'm just working here till I make it. And she was like, huh. And I came home and told my wife that. She was like, why would, why would you tell that lady that? And I was like, that's, that's the truth. Fired 90 days from that day on the dot, literally I got put on a performance improvement plan that next Monday was fired. 90 days from that, that Monday, Kevin, we're moving in another direction. Kevin, Go chase your dreams. Go Ahead. Absolutely. That's what they told me.


They were like, you don't, the lady was like, you don't, you don't need to be here. Somebody who needs to be at this job needs to be here. You're not, you're not focused on that. So I forgot where I was going with that.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


How your wife is your saving grace. Oh yeah, yeah. My wife is my saving grace. Thank you. So that was when I told my wife I, I don't actually want to do a job, I wanna do standup. So she was like, well this is the first time I'm ever hearing of this. Like how, how are we supposed to feed these kids? 'cause in Tacoma that wasn't a feasible option to And how many kids did you have at that time? Yeah, two boys, two under four. I think my son was three and one when I got fired, or four and two, somewhere around there. And she did not believe, she just didn't see how that was feasible. So what she said was, let's work on a plan to get there. Part of that work includes you getting a job and show me how you can do standup and how that can be feasible.


But until then, let's do it. So that's what we did. We made a plan, I went and got a job. That's how I got the job at Boeing. Worked on my craft, worked my job at Boeing, then didn't stand up at night. Nate's became Thursdays And I would do a show on Thursday and then somebody else on Friday. And then Thursday, Friday, Saturday and then Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. And now I'm like, oh, I'm making some money. Not much money but a couple hundred bucks here and there. Which at that time was still a lot of money. Still today is a lot of money now comedy's paying for a bill here and there. First it was just gum, then gas, then the cell phone bill, then the electric bill. So then when the internet came in and Austin, this TV offered us a offered me a contract to write direct produce, shoot and edit my kids' videos. Now comedy became income and she was like, okay, now I can see it.


So that's when moved to la, worked for Awesomeness, got another job with Tracy Edmonds. Eventually led to the job. Oh, to Tracy. Yeah. Shout out to Tracy. Edmond. Tracy. So Tracy don't get the credit she deserves. She doesn't. Another black person she gave us, actually the $50,000 we used to move to LA was split between the three of me and aunt and Jay. But that's the money that we used to move to la. She gave us $50,000 to make 10 videos for all right tv, which was her YouTube, her version of like all Def Digital, which was like a faith-based thing. But then she also taught us the game, right? She taught us everything she knew. She invited us to the house. I ain't gonna tell your story. Hello? I ain't gonna tell your story. As a husband, there was a great funny story there. But that's your story to tell. She put us on the game, she kept us for as long as she could.


The company ran outta money. You Wanna tell the story? I keep trying, I keep trying to get her to pull up a seat. They're so good together. Oh, so yeah. And then Albright TV fell apart and then she was like, Hey guys, it did the best I could. And she moved on, which was actually a lesson in of itself. It was like people can help you, but when that money ends, it's every man for themselves. That's right. Like she, it's no hard feeling. She said, brother, there ain't no more money. Like she made the investment, she made the investment, right? She moved on to her other projects and at that point I learned, oh, it's not even no hard feelings. Like Brother, I did what I could did. We did business. I helped you as much as I could, but I'm not gonna reach in my personal pocket to help you. Like we do business together, we shake hands, we go our separate ways. So that was very valuable. And also shout out to her, I don't think we would've been able to move to LA without Tracy Edmonds because we didn't have the hard cash to move families.


It was three families, me, my family, my brother's family moved and aunt's family all moved. We split that 50,000 shot and edited the videos ourself kept that money paid off this credit card that we had that was $10,000 that was built on stupid mistakes. I could, I could tell you that 29% Interest. Oh man, I love Tracy man. I'd love to have Tracy on The Breakfast Club, but nevermind. No, no. Hit her up. I yeah, She, she's amazing. Like she And I agree, she doesn't get the credit she deserves for what kind of brilliant producer she is. And just like a solid person, like she was a solid individual. She did more than she had to for us. And I'm eternally grateful. Still sends us, sends us Christmas cards to this day. Like that's how solid of a person she is.


So yeah, shout out to her, You know, damn, I wanted to, oh you know, you was talking about working at Boeing and the reason I think that's so powerful is because one thing I always tell people is that there's 168 hours in a week. Yeah. That's more than enough time to chase your dreams and deal with your reality. Yeah, that's right. Absolutely. I so Boeing, I, by the grace of God, that job was very easy. Didn't take a lot of time. So I studied YouTube at that time. That's when I really learned how, what makes a good video. I spent my time studying there. And then when I left Boeing and my first tour, I worked at All Def Monday through Thursday. I worked remote on Friday. Did standup Friday in one city, another city Saturday, another city Sunday, then flew back to LA on Monday morning and went to work Monday through Thursday again for a whole year.


Wow. Like I worked my job And I tell people like, you don't have to rush to quit your job To, To do this. Like you are you. It should be so obvious that you can't keep up with both. I think a lot of people stunned their growth because they want content to be their job so bad. Yeah. And content is up and down, like how much money is up and down. Brando is up and down. That nine to five is your first real investment into yourself and into your company. It's allows you to have health insurance, pay your bills and allow your money from your business content, comedy, whatever, to be excess money as opposed to bill money. Because then people get frustrated. It's not enough money, then you lose creativity. Yes. Because you worried about survival and as a human you gotta survive first. So if your stability is rocky, creativity can't flow.


If you can't think about I'm hungry, where am I going to eat? Where am I gonna sleep? Like, so once that's taken care of, then you can flow creatively in my opinion. And I was not afraid to, to work hard. So at Boeing I would go to the break room and find a nondescript wall and make my video or walk all the way to my car on my lunch break, make a video, shoot it, edit, edit it, post it, and then go back to my job. Never talked about none of my videos. I wasn't gonna make the same mistake I made at Key Bank. And I took that money and, and built my comedy career on the internet and stand up and work that regular job all at the same time. I see that your, your YouTube channel is Kev on Stage Studios? Yeah, I have two, I have Kev on stage, which was the first one. Then I have Kev on Stage Studios as well.


At what point did you understand why you needed Kev on Stage Studios? Do you get what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Instead of just being kept on stage. So it was actually, there was, I don't know if y'all remember this, but Logan Paul went to this suicide forest in Japan I remember. Yeah. Yeah. And they called what people call the apocalypse on YouTube. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Everybody's revenue dropped. All these advertisers pulled their money out of YouTube. So that's the first thing that I realized. I was like, oh, this can go away. And the second thing that happened there was some sort of like child trafficking pedophile situation on YouTube. And they had, they were like doing these playlists and finding kids, like basically kids doing innocuous things going swimming. And they would put like numbers in the comments.


So basically everybody who had children on their channel, all their comments got blocked. Right. And that kills the engagement, kills the views. So in order to get comments back, I started Kev on stage studios just to keep the engagement back. Right. And also to get rid of that Logan Paul situation. I was like, maybe if I start a new channel, it'll be getting different ads. And then I realized I'll just do long form content Kev on stage studios and things that are not just me and Kev on stage will just be my personal point of view. So Kev on Stage Studios actually is much more of a healthy channel even with less subscribers because that's where I put my podcast. Here's the thing, shout out to that Chick Angel and Joshi. They're my cohost on, here's the thing, when we were doing bigger shows, I would put them on Kev on stage studios and things like that.


So that was really the difference. So people know if you just want me, it's Kev on stage. If you want me or other people or things that don't serve have me, then that would be Kevin on Stage Studios, which is my goal eventually to be able to produce content for other people, not just for myself or not featuring myself. So that's what came on stage. Studios came in, don't look Like him. And Dr could be like brothers or cousins or something. I get that a lot. Yeah, absolutely. People say that. You say never done a skit about that. No, I feel like you like if he didn't do the dye in his hair or nothing, like people say That was bald the time. Yeah. If Drusky was bald and you know, we both heavier set individuals. So I do get that a lot. I, And I also get that I look like a lot of people, people like, look, this person looked like you Kev, if you light-skinned Bald was beard, nobody famous.


Oh. You know what I'm saying? Just a lot of, there's a lot of light-skinned bald men with beards and pretty much anybody who looks like that, they'd be like, you look like Kev, you and Juki definitely got a Yeah. Something. Yeah. Shout out to Juki man. He is an amazing, amazing talent. Absolutely. Just cultural anthropologist through comedy. Absolutely. Yeah. I Say that all the time. He's a, he has a way of capturing culture through his Sketches. 1000%. And it's not just black culture. He that's, I first saw him when he was doing the Kyle Rocker for frat videos And I went to a PWI. Yeah, I went to Washington University of Washington And I was like, them white boys be just like that. And you almost forget he's acting. Yeah.


Like he is the black dude in that white fraternity. Like we knew those guys. But you know the, the yin videos, the London videos, the roll tide. Yeah. Roll tide. Like he low key could be a really good comedic actor if will be. I think he has the, the ability and creatively it's just genius to me. Like what he's done with the internet is, is amazing. Very impressive. The Life from the Back Pew. Yeah. Why'd you call it the back Pew? The back pew Life from the Back Pew. The back pew tour. I called it that because like I wanted to differentiate my style of humor versus like just church humor. 'cause there's a lot of reverence and you know, there's a lot of sacrilege in church. I was a kid who was in church every, not just Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.


We literally were in Bible study, evangelical service, prayer, choir, rehearsal, then church. And we always had to sit on the black pew and the back pew was like we in church but we also planned, you know what I'm saying? So the way we saw stuff that's like the vision I had of church was from the back pew. You had to go, you didn't have to sit in the front, you didn't always have to participate in every service, but you had to go. And so my mom actually made me participate but I had to play drums or sing in the choir, do all that type of stuff. But the back pew was so people know like, I'm gonna be in church but it's not gonna be every joke's not gonna be about church. I have a whole set segment where I just talk about regular stuff. I knew wanted people to know it's for church kids, but black people, even if you didn't grow up in church, you have a concept of black church.


But if you've never been to church, you could still come to this show. 'cause if you've only been once, you might probably sat on the back of you. So I wanted people to have an idea of what show they were coming to so they would know like, it's not gonna be every joke about God, but it's also not gonna be so ridiculous that you're like, I shouldn't even be in a church. So I kind of walk that line. So that's why I called Life in the Back people. Are you Trying to get people into the church with your comedy? I believe that is probably one of my subconscious goals. I don't think that's the intent, but I feel like it is my way where I feel like there's a lot of different types of ministries. There's music, there's preaching, there's pastoring. And I think comedy is one because a lot of black people are hurt by the church. They have negative feelings about the church. They're like, man, this ticket's only 50 bucks and it's Kev, maybe I'll, maybe I'll give it one more shot.


And then they, if they just come in and don't have a negative experience, maybe they'll be interested in coming back. So I think that's probably one of my sub goals is to just do my part. You know what I'm saying? Because black church number Church in general, numbers are dwindling, especially post covid. And I don't want the black church to not exist anymore. So I think absolutely. That's probably part of my goal. I think it's 'cause of the internet too though. Like I do bedside Baptist every Sunday, 1000%. I'm At part of house on Sunday morning. Okay. Yeah. I don't think It's all negative. I think the pandemic made people realize, oh I can actually watch church from here. And a lot of, and listen, Potter's House Transformation church, they have top tier production.


Hell. Oh yeah. Like you feel like you're watching tv. It's not just like one guy at the back with an iPhone. Like they have same team, they have the, yeah, whole team. Hundreds of thousand dollars in sound equipment, video equipment, top of the line production staff and services. Their internet, Instagram, social media is is up to par like any NFL team as well. So I do agree. Like I don't think you have to physically go in the church anymore. I think there's so many different ways to engage with people. The Bible app, YouTube, like Pastor y PJ's on my favorite preachers And I engage with him on Instagram in two to three minute bits. Sarah, Jake Roberts, who I know you're a fan of. Ooh, love her. She's great online on digital. I think she's actually so important to the black church 'cause especially how her journey started.


Yes. And where it is now. Like a lot of people need to see the Sarah Jakes Roberts at the pulpit person who wasn't per perfect and who was outcast. Like I was growing up, remembering how people were talking about her. So to see where she is now and the fact that she doesn't, you know, shy away from her past and how good she is at speaking and, and communicating, you know, God's word. I think she's super important voice. But also be Simone's an important voice. Right? Like her turning to God. My niece is a hood little sweet baby, Hood baby. He started to say booga. Say Booga was right there. It was right Babyhood baby Baby. And she got a face tattoo and she's, she's loves be Simone's comedy.


So when Be Simone says, I'm giving my life to Christ, my niece sees herself in more Be Simone than Sarah Jakes or TD Jakes. So I think everybody's journey is important. It's not just the pastors, it's everybody has a role to play. So I just wanna play my role and do my part Now. I love it because, you know, I, I feel like we gotta bring, I know this sounds crazy, but you gotta bring God to meet you. You gotta meet people where they are basically. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Like, you know, you can't just think people are gonna come into the church or go on YouTube and there's certain people like yourself, like Sarah Jakes who know how to connect with culture. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Like I got Sarah Jakes headline in the Black Effect podcast festival that I do every year. Absolutely. On April 26th. And it's for that reason. 'cause I know she knows how to connect with Culture.


Absolutely. I think you need people who speak that language. I believe, I'm gonna tell you what really messed me up as a young Christian, I thought we were all playing by the same rules. Like they said, we not drinking. We really not drinking and nobody's drinking. Right. So I'm thinking that's the truth. And then I'm not even talking about the church, I'm talking about my actual family. Remember I was 18, came back, went to visit my grandma's and there was some zimas in the refrigerator. I was like, yo, what's Zimas? We don't drink. And my aunt was like, you don't drink. And I was like, wait, no. My whole life it was this. She was like, well we don't talk about it, but Kev, come on. We drink. And then when I started working in the church, I realized pastors are like, well this is how I live my life, but I don't wanna mess up the flock. So I do this. And I think most people's problem, a lot of problems with Christianity is people have one life, they live as a Christian and one life they actually live.


Mm. So I refuse to live two separate lives. So I got in trouble with the Christian community 'cause I went to the reunion concert, which was at the forum And I was drinking And I made a video. What reunion concert? Kirk Franklin. Oh, gotcha. Yolan and the Adams, they were at the forum And I was drinking. I made a video. I was like, oh my gosh, I'm drinking at, at the gospel concert. This is incongruent. And I was, I thought it was funny. And they were so mad, how dare you drink? How dare you? And I was like this, this is at the forum. Like I saw Bruno Mar here, this is at the forum two weeks ago. The line was long at the bar. She have said, oh my God, it was water 30 seconds ago, but now it's wine. Jesus. That would've been a joke. I'm so mad. I didn't think of that. I was water.


Yo, I dunno. I dunno what Happened. But I'm like, I'm not gonna act like I don't drink. You know? Like, I'm not going to present one way and then be a different person. I'm not gonna act like I don't say nigga. They, because the people be like that behind the scenes, behind the pulpit. But they think people can't take it. So they, you know, they present one way. So now you have two different versions of people that are there. And I was like, I was a kid, you know, when I was young and saved my whole Christianity was trying to be more saved than everybody else. Mm. That's how I found my Christianity. That's what I was taught. Even forget like sinners more saved than other, saved people. So I've let all that go, this is how I live my life. I'm a Christian who's also a comedian, not a Christian comedian. And the difference there is like, I don't, every joke's not gonna be about God church and all that type of stuff.


'cause what I've learned is even if you do that, it's still not gonna be enough. 'cause some people don't think you should make jokes about God at all. So you'll never be saved enough. You'll never be good enough. So forget it. I'm just gonna live my life. Do my thing. If you like it, you like it. If you don't, you don't. I, You know, man, the reason I love that, And I just thought about this for, for whatever reason, I, I often wonder like, how much can faith stifle somebody's creativity? 'cause God gave you these gifts. Yeah. But then if you look at the structure of religion, the structure of religion will make you think like you're not supposed to express those gifts. Yeah. But what if I express those gifts for God? 1000%. That's why PJ Morton was so instrumental in me as a comedian because he had that exact problem. He had a, he wrote a book called Why Can't I Sing About Love? 'cause he's played the keyboard.


His dad's a big bishop. Paul Morton senior. So he's supposed to be a preacher. But he was like, I don't want to be, nor do I think that's my gift. I wanna sing r and b. I wanna sing about love. So he wrote a book, he sang about r and b, he got a lot of flack from the church, but he still went and did his thing. Ended up being in room five and still did his thing. And he also wrote gospel. And when I was getting fired, he wrote this song called Let Go and Let God that Dwayne Woods sing. And I listened to it every single day 'cause I'm like, I'm a, I'm about to lose. I make jokes about it now. But in the real time I was like, bro, I don't know how to pay my mortgage. Like our life was built off two incomes. So I realized that everybody's gift isn't necessarily used in the church, the church building.


But that doesn't mean it's not used for God. That's right. Right. Jasmine Sullivan was almost signed to a gospel label. I think that would've been a waste of her talents. I think she belongs in r and b and the story she tells hotels, albums one of my favorite albums. Love it. That album needs to be heard the way it is. I think it would've been not, I don't wanna say a waste, I don wanna be too harsh, but I think she's doing what she should be doing. It's a better, with her gift, it's a better fit for her gifts. And I think God expresses himself in creativity in all disciplines, scientists, chefs, painters, like it doesn't all have to be in the church. Artists like, there's so many different ways. I don't think you need to force it into the building of the church. You can still give back your gift to God by expressing it.


However it, however it comes out. So I think that's what I do. And I think it's dope that I can go from the church to a comedy club to a theater. My goal still to perform Madison Square Garden. Like I don't wanna perform at churches only, but I want to perform at church 'cause that's how I grew up. Right. And it's a good time. And I can also charge less for tickets because it's not as expensive as working with, you know, the big three promoters. Like I could just charge you direct. There's no parking issues. So there's also benefits to the consumer. But I think, yeah, the whole goal is to create and express yourself creatively. But that doesn't always have to end up being in a church Because you're going actually into churches. Are you, do you like, are you asking wifey like, Hey is this joke gonna offend? Like, are, are you care more careful?


'cause I've never really seen you get in too much trouble for your jokes. I know you had like one little incident with the, the, what was her name? The cosplay girl? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That And you apologize for that for sure. But like what is your, like what's that process? Because the church people, church, church get real touchy. So Lucky they're not allowed to cancel. Yeah. They believe in forgiveness, baby they will cancel. Don't don't, don't cancel The right church. Be believe and forgiveness. But I Think because I grew up in church, I tell this joke, but it's actually not a joke. The first 30 years of my life I only missed Sunday service three times. One was like Y 2K one's 'cause we're moving. And probably the other one was 'cause I was born that week. But other than that I was in church. So being in church all that much, I understand the rules, the politics, where the lion is, how to navigate it.


Like what you can say on Sunday morning isn't what you can say on Wednesday isn't what you can say on a comedy show isn't what you can say if it's a marriage. You know, in Richmond, if it's just married couples, you can get away with almost anything. If it's in the church because we marry, you know, marriage bed is undefiled. So living in that world and and being a part of that world has taught me what the line is more than anything else. I think if you didn't grow up there, you won't know what the line is and what you can and can't say because it, like in comedy, that line is ever changing. So I think that my upbringing is what allows me to navigate it so well and congratulations Churchy got picked up. Yeah. Congratulations. Churchy got picked up for season two, BET plus shout out to Spring Hill, Jamal Henderson, Leslie.


They were very instrumental in getting that picked up on season one and season two. So we just finished production on that in January. We're editing it now and it'll be out I believe in June or July. And similar to, you know, keep your distance. My goal there is to not only tell my churchy story, right? 'cause to me there wasn't an authentic story about church from a person who grew up in church. You can always tell because they always have in Hollywood, they always have pipe organs and pipe organs do not, no black church has a pipe organ. It's a Hammond B three organ. If there's an organ, they don't even really make 'em anymore like they used to. So if you hear that pipe organ and they have the choir robes on 'em, like, y'all not paying attention to church no more. People don't even wear choir robes like that.


But same thing I did with standup is what I did with Churchy, giving actors opportunities that they hadn't got. Mark J. Hood, brilliant actor, hadn't had a chance to lead in this season. We got Quinn Walters who's been acting, but she always gets cast as like the sultry seductress. But she's hilarious. So in this role, she's playing funny to hear more comedian friend of mine who went on tour with me for two years, years. I love him. Two, here's my guy, he's a brilliant actor. He's been like four episodes of Abbott. Abbott Elementary takes acting very seriously. So he's a good actor, better actor than I am by a lot. He's in there. Love. JJP, Jasmine love another actor who started off as influencer in Hollywood, hasn't given her her role where she could be an actor in a series regular.


So because of Churchy, she's got that. Lexi, who's a brilliant gospel artist, Melissa, her first car, we used to play Lexi's music, but she's actually a brilliant actress as well. She's in there type of the Brown pulled up for, for four or five episodes this season. Tony Baker, comedian friend of mine. All these people can act. You know Tony a real good friend of yours, right? Oh yeah. That's my brother. Yeah, that is my dog. Anthony Alfonso a brilliant actor. So all these people are getting an opportunity through me. And that's just in front of the camera. Dope. Behind the camera. Dope. Jared is our director. This is his first time directing some a TV series. He's got this incubator with Jordan Peele that he's a part of Rich Washington who works for me now.


Used to work for CAA. He was on a agent's desk working in TV department, reading movie scripts all day for years. He was like called me one day, he was on my team when I was with CAA. He was like, I want to, I think I wanna quit my job and come work for you and help you build Kevin on Stage Studios. And he was instrumental in season two. Wow. He helped write season two. Sidney Castile, comedian friend of mine wrote season one with me. But black women behind the camera, black women in sound, black women, costume designers, makeup artists, hair. Mm. All I, I hired as many black people as I possibly could because to me, as big of a problem in Hollywood, racism is a huge problem.


Nepotism is much more dangerous because nepotism, they're not even thinking I'm gonna exclude you. It's who am I gonna hire? It's who I know and who's in my network. Who if I need a podcast person, I hit Charlemagne, he's more than likely gonna hit a black podcaster. If I hit you for a dj, you're more than likely because that's just who you know. You're not thinking, let me exclude white people. You're thinking of who do I know? And that's how Hollywood works. The people go to a FI and you get in there and they hire the people they went to school with. So at all deaf I realized I can hire black people 'cause that's my network and that's my goal is to hire as many black people as humanly possible, as give as many opportunities as possible and then let people go and be amazing.


That's probably the best thing I learned from Russell Simmons was don't try to hold onto people's talent. Don't like, oh, I, I gave you this opportunity so I'm gonna hold you here. Like he, he let Will Smith go from managing him and he, he blossomed. So I learned like however long we can work together, let's work together. But if you get, if you blow up, blow up, I'm not gonna take credit for your work because I didn't create you. Trevor Wallace is a huge white comedian. Huge. He was my intern at all. Dev, he ran social media, he blew past me and I'm like, brother, go ahead do your thing. Josh was my intern as well. He didn't get me a Turkey sandwich when I asked him on the first day. So many People came from that all dev digital space though it was, when I First in LA Don't Go.


When I First moved to la that was like, you have to work with all Dev Digital if you're going anywhere. Smoking Was Over there. Yeah, smoking reasons. He did Dr. Reasons there. He actually shout out to him. He was in my My Boys first skit, where's my milk on OIS tv? Which was huge for us. But yeah, that was like our version of In Living Color, obviously very different, but digital media wise, that was like absolutely where the black culture was for that period of time. People still run up to me and talk about Roast Me. I haven't been on Roast Me in five, six years, but people watch YouTube. Like I watch old episodes of The Office or different world people watch old episodes of Roast Me in Great Taste. Like they just came out so that, you know, continues to help those people even today.


Well Congratulations man. I always said what you build only benefits you. It's not big enough. Yeah. So you're s some big things My brother. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Absolutely. Kevin On stage ladies and gentlemen and how can they follow you, Kevin, on stage everywhere. Whatever platform you're on. Search Kevin on stage I should pull up. Alright, Well appreciate you. It's Kevin on stage. Appreciate y'all Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed Delivering online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apus.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Ever wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body. You don't have time for guesswork, you need ome. Forget all the generic health fads. OME doesn't tell you what you wanna hear, it tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, Viome delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy, want better digestion? OME has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to viome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star. Star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.