
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admit it. They effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself. Peace to the planet.


I go by the name of Charlamagne to God. And summer in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus this season the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy Win. Alina Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient and now it's paid back time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime playing.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlamagne to God. Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy is off and Lauren LaRosa is at court following Diddy's trial. But we have a special guest here. Lyne Beni. What's happening? Lyne? Hey, how, how Are you? How I'm good. You know, I'm sure that y'all see Lyne all the time. Her parking lot Pimping, pimping episodes have come across your feed in some way, shape, or form. But now you gotta a show called The Peoples Brief. Yeah. On Revolt Tuesdays at 9:00 PM What's the difference between the People's Brief and Parking lot? Pivot One thing we got more time. It's 45 minutes. It's also not so, you know, every week news headline, it's more so evergreen, things that are happening in the news, but things that we can talk about over the course of time.


'cause they affect us every day and just giving people more tools. I feel like on social media I've always tried to be more information heavy and just provide a positive outlook. But now that we got more time, we wanna try to provide resources too and answers to questions and not just complaints. How different is it from Par Parking Lot? Pimping. I won't say it's too different. I still get to say what I wanna say. We what TV? 14. So let's cussing, but the team over there wanna do what I want do and that's like give everybody the truth and be helpful. We kind of take the same oath. Doctors do, do no harm and as much as we can.


Yeah, the tone is the same, but it's really cool because it's not, it's newsy but it's not, I never taken a traditional approach to things. So it's like a mix of 60 Minutes. And John tonight with John Oliver, the Daily Show. A little bit of Amber Ruffin, but with me. Yeah, So it's well-rounded. It's very well-rounded. We have a lot of fun. The first couple episode. The first episode we premiered. What? What's today? Thursday Premier? This week Tuesday. And I had Angela right on as my first guest. That was amazing. Who's My good sister? Angela R Yeah, we get to get out in the field, do some man on the street, but a lot of good people come through and we have a lot of fun. Did you wanna keep parking lot pimping as the, the, the show for revolt?


Like the the title of the show? No. Or did you want to make it something else? I Wanted to be something else. I think the identity of it tr transfers because it's still me, but it needed to be something different. It needed to be an evolution. So I was cool. Yeah. And I still get to do the parking lot. I don't know how often, 'cause as you see, I'm here. Yeah, it just like my, my weeks look different now, but I've always said the parking lot is never gonna leave. It's something crazy. They riot on the capitol another January 6th, I pull out my chair And I do some content, but we're just figuring out the flow. Do you have a random parking lot you go to or you just It's mine where I live. It's your, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You, you know what I wanted to ask you Lye. How do you know when to educate, when to entertain and when to rest?


Ooh, child. I don't know. Resting is new to me. It's been a new endeavor. When I say new, maybe the past like couple of years because I've just had to be so much more intentional about it. But I speak to things when I feel it is necessary and I'm real in tune with the Lord. I used to stay, stay in tune with your star player as Kat Williams says. Mm. But yeah, I just, everything that I speak to, I make sure that I'm not just trying to be the first one to speak my opinion on something or just like offer something to the dooms grow. How can I make this conversation useful? How can I make this something, how can I provide another tool? And, and like I said, it's easy to find confident that makes you feel bad.


How can I make people feel good? And more often than that, especially now that I have a team to help me concoct these stories, it's less on me. So it's less taxing. Yeah. Do do you write from a place of anger or hope or, or exhaustion? All three of 'em. And it's funny you say that. Did y'all see Inside Out too? Oh hell yeah. No, not to. Oh, okay. Boy, Shout out if you've seen 'em, then you get the concept. I had my friends say like, who's at our leaderboard? And everybody said my top three are anger, disgust, and joy. 'cause of the way that I see things. I just, I'm real big on character above anything and the way you like, contribute to society above anything.


So more often than not I'm disgusted and more often than not that makes me exhausted. And you know, a lot of things make me angry, but I also think anger. Anger is a valid emotion and it doesn't always have to present in a way that is heavy. It's just what it is. Like I'm a black woman in America. A lot of things make me upset And I should be able to say that without being made to feel like I have to cover up my emotions in any particular way. But I think the method of storytelling we uses combines all those things in a beautiful way that also shows that we're more than our anger, we're more than our joy, we're more than our exhaustion, we're more than our disgust. And we can be all things at one time and still be full functioning members of society. Absolutely. How did you end up at Revolt? How did that happen? You know, good people speaking my name in good rooms, I've been very blessed to have a good team no matter what I'm working on.


And they've been fighting for me in different rooms. I've been pitching different versions of shows, whether it's scripted, unscripted for the past five years and nothing's just been the right fit. But as I said, I be in tune with the Lord and he told me at the end of the last year to stop trying to force things and to, to just put stuff down and let him work. And as soon as I said okay, wasn't even expecting it, two weeks later I got a call that said, revolt wants to give you a show. I was like, what? Wow. Okay. And my hands were open so I was ready to receive it. So that's how we ended up together. I I wonder for, for somebody like you nette, what do you do when you feel like your words aren't enough? I don't feel like my words aren't enough. I feel like I do what I'm supposed to do And I, and I'm okay with that.


My contribution, as long as I do my best, I'm okay with that. Whatever the result is because whatever I was supposed to contribute is all I was supposed to contribute because it's not just up to me, it's not just up to anybody. Like we all put in, we all have a piece to the puzzle to create the fuller picture and sometimes it may feel like it didn't hit the way it was supposed to hit, but you gotta give things time. Like the sows, the seeds you sow always have their time for harvest. And I've just learned to be content and patient with my contribution. So. So sometimes you feel like it is like a call to action almost like you might activate the person who might go out there and actually get active. Yeah, that's, that's absolutely what I feel like my lane is.


I feel like I am, my job is to impart information, to bring as many people to the table as possible, to make them invested, to make them excited and those are the people that go out and do something with it. Even when I left my master's program, my professors told me I was only gonna be able to make money or make a life for myself if I continued to get my PhD. And that's not what I felt called to do. I immediately wanted to go and share with very young people all the things that I learned in my program that I had to pay $25,000 and take out loans to get with all these real stuffy people that may not have the best methods as far as connecting with the general public. But I was like, if I can impart this in high school students, they can apply to college, they can go on career paths that with the knowledge, with a fuller knowledge of their capacity and ability and vocabulary and nuance to be change agents.


So that's all I've ever wanted to do and that's what I'm doing And I'm grateful for that. And as a Spelman, Greg, congratulations. I love that. Thank you. What part of that HBCU experience has shaped your voice? Well at Spelman we got a stand. It's my choice And I choose to change The World. And it's funny, I've said this, I've told this story so many times, but when I was first applying, I had teachers at my high school telling me they didn't think I should go. They didn't think that I would get in because it was too expensive that it wasn't the real world. But we shouldn't be encouraging our kids and mass to go to school to learn how to plug into the way things already exist. Like we need to be disruptors, we need to be change agents.


And that's what my HBCU did for me. I was a psychology student, but every single class you take, whether it's the, the biology of women, whether it's math, finite math or whatever, computer science, you take it through the lens of black feminism. And so we have a vantage point that allows us to see everybody's pain and it just makes us, that's why we be the best applicants for the job most of the time. Most most suited for the job most of the time because we see people. And so my HBC experience really allow me to see what people need in order to feel seen. And I try to put that in my storytelling as well. Hmm. How do you, how do you navigate being both a political educator but also a cultural influencer in an algorithm driven world?


Well, politics was never my game. It was never my choice. You couldn't touch me with politics with a 10 foot pole. It just became necessary. So like I said, I've always been driven by what's necessary And I started this work to really be steeped in pop culture and connect that to through, to history, through an interdisciplinary lens. But as I began, I started in 2020 so politics was just like thrust upon us in a real way. And so I challenged myself to say like, okay, I know that we need to understand this, so how can I incorporate this into what I do? And it just became even more and more and more necessary. So I just think because I speak to people like because like we family, because I don't try to hit people over the head with it.


And because I, like, I let myself feel all the things like a regular person feels, they, the algorithm can't beat the content that I'm putting out. Right, right, right. Yeah. Like I draw people regardless and people sharing it in their family group chats, grandmas and aunties and kids in seventh grade and high school students all like talking about what was on the parking lot this week. And I'm really grateful for that because it's, it's not about me in my parking lot, it's really about the information being shared. So I, I'm grateful for the anointing that's been put on me. That's allowed no matter what's changed in the social media landscape, people to come to the parking lot every Friday. I love when black people say we not political or, or you say politic politics, not your back.


Because when you black in this country, everything is politics. I don't care what hood you from, I don't care what rural area you from in the south, everybody from your drunk uncle, your crack head cousin, everybody's talking about what's going on in that system and how the government is fucking us in some way, shape or form. So it just like, you can't avoid having that conversation and That's what I learned. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. What, what's one political issue you think just we become too performative about and and not solution oriented enough about, I think voting. Yeah. Emini here. I'm not saying voting is the only tool it is, but it is, it is 75% of the work organizing and sustaining that movement.


I would actually take that back. It's sustaining period, sustainability period in terms of how we organize, in terms of how we fight back against political oppression. Because we often wait the four year cycle to begin to complain about what we don't like about candidates and then are upset when we're not able to show up in full force and vote together and that make a difference. Yeah, I don't think that we give ourselves the opportunity for our work to actually, for our work to return to us in a good way. Because unfortunately a lot of times we are motivated by rage and sadness and we want to get active when things hit close to home. But something is always hitting close to home for everybody.


And If We don't learn to act as a community and have this sort of sustained, Garrison Hayes said in a segment in my episode this past Tuesday, he said, these people don't let up. They're, they've been strategizing, they don't stop strategizing. So why should we? And we, especially if we're already playing catchup, like it's never a day when we should just be like, oh the struggle will be here tomorrow. But that means you should also be strategizing for tomorrow. And it's, and it's not to say that your life has to be completely shaped by that 'cause I say often like I don't, my friends think I'm single now and they're like, so what? You want like a Mark Lamont hill? No. Like no shade to mark, he's great. But I don't need that to encompass my entire life. Like I'm still a human being.


So I'm not saying that you gotta live, breathe, die, fight the power. But you do have to have some things ingrained in the way that you move about your day period to understand that the work never stops. So we just gotta find that balance. And for you, I Want the first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a


lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Ronald be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan of Ronald today Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Kfc, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


Support for eating while broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Somebody who knows that women can have babies. Oh okay. Only women can have babies. I just wanna let you know that. Interesting. There are other people who can have babies. Okay, Yeah. Emini here. If they have a uterus, they can have babies but they just might not identify as woman. Okay. Those are two different things. Like you can be biologically female but you can't be biologically woman. Woman is a gender construct. Okay. A social construct. Okay. But if you got a uterus, yeah you can have a baby. Yes. That's the point. If you have a uterus, you can have a baby. Okay, Cool. Yeah we agree on that. You know Lan, they has the Democratic Party tried to co-op your platform or method yet? Because I was reading this article in the New York Times yesterday and it was the headline is Democrats throw money at a problem.


Jesus Christ. I just had it up. But it basically is how they're paying influences and they're trying to figure out how to utilize the internet and you know, deliver messaging like you Do. I think they are like in the game. I think people gotta understand is Republicans have been using people with a microphone for years to just disseminate misinformation. So it's not even like that's not a tool that shouldn't be used because we do have to have some opposition. They haven't tried to buy me. No. I only talk to people I want to talk to. Like there's no amount of money, there's no check that just would make me wanna like jump on the bandwagon. Especially because I have critiques. I gotta be able to say whatever I wanna say. Right. And the Democratic party definitely got some things that need to be worked on.


I had the honor of working with some good people in the CBC and that's the other thing, like we live in America, there's no institution that's got it right or has always had it right from jump. So I don't sit here and act like I absolutely have to agree with something a body has done since it's conception. But if I'm working with people who I understand are genuine and their efforts, like I'm down with that because like I said, I'm trying to be solution oriented and do no harm in as much as I can. And and you mentioned Garrison earlier, I like Garrison a lot too. Have y'all ever thought about being in politics? You the Garris of The World? Yeah, Not me. I'm not sure Garrison has planned, I have met some influencers who are interested in that work.


I just don't think it's personally my calling. Why? Like I said, like I said, I think my role is to inspire and my, my role is to work alongside when we look at the people who have been people who have been a part of our story as far as black history goes, we got people in every industry And I think we forget that it's not just about politics, it's also about who is singing songs. It's also about who's acting on TV screens. Because even like The Breakfast Club who's listening to you guys speak every day, like we all have a role in getting people engaged in the process and we have to be in the marketplace in mass and in different ways to be able to exercise enough influence to get people focused back in on the problem. So I'm just one of those people And I, I consider myself more of an artist than anything a storyteller.


As I said, I'm getting back into my poetry and spoken word, but that's what I feel called and sat to do. Well When you at Spelman, what was your major? Psychology. Oh you wanted to be a therapist, psychiatrist. Absolutely not. I wanted to understand people. Ooh. Yeah. So you major in psychology just to be able to understand people. Absolutely dope and clearly it worked. Praise God. What is some challenges that, you know, 'cause this is a big responsibility, you have a, a show, a weekly show having to come up with this content. Whether it is like, I know you, it is a bunch of different things that you do, but it's still, and it's a longer time. You know, is there or are there any challenges that you run into having to have everything together?


You know, I think when it ain't nothing going on, what do you, Oh it's always something going on. But I think I have a team. It is not just me. So we got about five writers on the show and we ideate. We we're really never not talking to each other, but we pick these themes that honestly could use three to four episodes. But we try to pick out the subtopics that make the most sense for the story we're trying to tell in that one episode. And I think the biggest challenge right now since we're brand new, is bringing people to the table to have a conversation with us. Like booking guests. We're also in Atlanta and people travel through Atlanta all the time, but they don't stop and stay all the time. So we're hoping though, with what we've done so far, we're able to build a portfolio that makes people be like, dang, I'm going through Atlanta.


Let me see if I can stop by the people's reef. Just like people wanna stop by The Breakfast Club. So we working towards it, we figuring it out. But yeah, I just think the hardest part is adjusting because we wanna be ahead, you know, and it's hard to stay ahead when you, when you want to do it. Right. 'cause things take time, but we'll figure it out. Yeah. You, you said something that's so interesting to me. You said you, you went to Spelman, you majored in psychology 'cause you wanted to understand people. I, I never went to college but I did try to attend a couple of technical schools in my, my area of Charleston, South Carolina. Tried in technical college. One time I went for communications. One time I went for business. One time I went for psychology And I went because of that reason. I wanted to understand myself And I wanted to understand other people.


Yeah. So what did you want to understand about people Exactly? Behavior. What drives behavior? Also what affects behavior. And you find out, you know, one of the biggest arguments is nature versus nurture. And you just find out all the things that contextualize those two things. Whether it's your upbringing, whether it's like a na, things you might inherit also like what socioeconomic stressors that have affected your family long term that can result in yielding specific behaviors or even psychotic breaks or what have you. I don't have to get too deep into that kind of stuff. But at the end of the day, And I also was a person I grew up in the deep South Baptist, I didn't really understand that much about therapy. And I remember in one of my first classes I was like, yeah, that's cool and all we, I wanna learn about bipolar disorder but like black people don't really get that right.


And it was like, no girl, we all are exposed to these sort of things. But anyway, I think at, at the end of the day it just really helped me understand emotions and like I said, the validity of them and giving them space to exist and what can trigger you and what can't. And then also how outside stressors like race, like gender, like sexuality or whatever, also contribute to a person's wellbeing. And I think saying it right now, I think what I just want most is for black people to be well no matter what you look like, no matter who you with, no matter how you move throughout your life, I want us to be well And I want us to be invested in the wellness of one another because the object and goals of oppression is to make us sick, to make us distracted.


And if we are focused on one another's wellness and wholeness, then we can be stronger than ever. Do you remember one of the first textbooks they gave you at Spelman? Yeah, a DW in The World, the African diaspora in The World. We all had to take an introductory class where we learned about just the experience of black people around the globe. How it was not just us experiencing things and how oppression looks similar for us and not just people who identify as black, just darker skinned people around the globe 'cause of case systems and things like that. What About in regards to psychology? Because I remember they gave us psychology by David Myers. I don't know if I remember too much about my psychology textbooks 'cause my master's was in African American studies and that's what's most salient.


But if anything I remember is that that damn DSM, I don't know that One. The diagnostic manual basically has all the, the disorders, like psychological disorders in it. Yeah. Got you. Yeah. What, what's a moment where you realized your, your influence was having real world consequences for better or worse Real world consequences? Honestly. 'cause I started during the pandemic, we was all inside so I didn't get to really get to see people. But when we started to trickle back outside And I unfortunately Atlanta was among the first to get back outside when people started meeting me and just like crying, like talking about like how either I changed their perspective on something or I help heal a relationship in their family or even really what it was, I think I was invited to speak somewhere at a school and an older woman, about 60 years old, she took me to the side and she thanked me for saying the things she never got to say when she was my age.


Mm. And that was really beautiful. Mm Yeah. Mm. Well that, what's something you've never said in parking lot pimping? Because you knew people weren't ready for it? I don't think. There's nothing I've said. I say what I wanna say. Say what you, And sometimes it's hard, sometimes it's even, it's scary for me. Like for instance when October 7th happened, just not really being ignorant and also knowing like the necessity to discuss these things in the call was strong. Like also with my management being like, I don't know what you should say And I don't know what you shouldn't say and maybe we should just like bow out. And also seeing other creators get like flamed or canceled for not saying anything at all. So sometimes it's hard but I don't, I don't not say the things I had a mentor tell me once to always pray for a tongue of clay so that I'm speaking whatever God puts on my heart to say and it's not coming from me.


So that also helps me feel less responsibility. But yeah. Have you, Have you ever said something that you, I guess would be like would say after it's said and after, you know, you get like, I guess some type of backlash, like ugh, well maybe they weren't ready to hear that So I should have said that later. No, no, no. We don't got time. Yeah. And I Emini here. Yeah, we just don't have time. And even if the first time you hear me say it and you don't like it and that's your introduction to it, I know it's gonna be brought up again and you've had some sort of, yeah, some, some point of reference. So whoever, whoever the, they're able to get the point across from is fine.


'cause again, it's not about you agreeing with what comes outta my mouth. I don't, I'm not responsible to people in that way. Have, have you ever felt like you had to like shrink your truth to protect your peace? Not shrink my truth, but sometimes I just be quiet. Yeah. Sometimes I don't feel the need to argue with folks. Yeah. What's something you think you've outgrown as a creator, even even if your audience hasn't? Mm, I think early on I out I outgrew the need to feel like I was always on time or in time with the demands of social because like I said, I just wanna be responsible with what I'm saying and give myself time to research and learn about what's going on before I say something about it.


Yeah. H how do you, you know, everybody likes to say for the culture, how do you define being for the culture in a time when culture is constantly commodified? I I speak to the originators of the culture. I speak to the heart of it, the sea of it, the ground up. I meet people where they are. Yeah. I think as I said also, I think I might have a different definition of it because not everybody agrees like what the priorities of the culture are, but as again, I'm interested in protecting all black bodies and speaking up for all black bodies. So that's, that's how I define culture. I, I I, I like, I I like the idea that people's brief, I would love to see RNA in, in settings.


I'm talking to you like you're not sitting right here, but I'd love to see you in settings to where like you're, you're debating people in a way, not debating because you know, you, you, you, you, you debate your your equals everybody else you teach. Mm. So I think a lot of times on these platforms you need people who are actually speaking truth to power and teaching folks. You ever thought about like going to some of those spaces maybe? Mm No. I'm mixing it up on Abby Phillips show or No, you, because Emini here. 'cause Emini here sometimes I just feel like a lot of that is baiting. Yeah. I feel like a lot of it is is unnecessary waste of time and breath because some people don't have, they, they come into rooms knowing they're not gonna change their mind and they're come in their rooms with misinformation as their goal to spread. So I don't, me personally, that's not my, my my give.


I think someone like the conscious Lee, he's very good at that And I let people do what they do best. Yeah. The conscious Lee. Yeah. Okay. Well Lan nee hosted The Peoples Brief every Tuesday at 9:00 PM on revolt And I guess we get parking lot pimping when we can. Yeah, For sure. Where do they follow you at? You can follow me everywhere at lan nee you can tap into the show on Revolt tv. You can also watch us at 11:00 AM the next day on streaming. And then snippets of it on YouTube. Yeah, Absolutely. It's Nette Bonne. It's The Breakfast Club. Thank you guys. Nice. Wake that Ass up early In the morning, The Breakfast Club


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Support for eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years As the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that


Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.