
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Piece Of the planet Charlemagne Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars In the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Wake that ass up early In the Morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. The legend Rizza. He's here back. Welcome Bong Bong back in the building. How you feeling brother? I feel super great. Yeah. Yeah. Everything is lovely. I see y you guys are back on tour. Yes indeed. Lieutenant Clan, the final chamber. How difficult was that to put together? Well, you know, it's not as difficult as it used to be. You know what, Emini here, but nah, this is our last chance to run around the globe together. And yeah, it kind of was. Everybody you know, agreed that it was the time we started thinking of a name.


Everybody's like this one, that, that, that, that. The final chamber. Sorry. Let's end with that B bunk. Here we are. Why The final chamber though? Like how do you know you Putting a period on this on? Is it just for the tour or just Wu-Tang in general? Oh no, for the Emini here. Wu Tang's forever. Forever. What? That's why also, that's why we see the, we put that Wu-Tang forever in there word because it's, you know, Wu-Tang is beyond just our physical presence of it. You know what Emini here. But far as us coming together and coming to your city, all nine members on stage. You know what Emini here, you know when you get your ticket, you getting all, you getting that, you know what Emini here because sometimes you go to a woo show, you might get four, five, you know what Emini here. So this is like, nah, here we all are clear your schedule for this.


You know what, Emini here and just run around the globe one more time together. So we'll start right here in America. Give it to, to, you know, then shoot across the water. You know what Emini here show some love and just, you know, kind of best way I could say it is take off that it's kind of a burden to all come together. You know what, Emini here, because everybody got a life, a job or something going on in their lives. And so what we said when that woo bat sign go up, we all come and the sign went up and everybody's here. Did the residency make it easier for everybody to say, yo, we can do this. The residency helped, but even at the residency we had some absentees, you know what, Emini here. So, but it really helped 'cause it really helped just that consistency of coming together, the, the consistency of our brotherhood.


Our brotherhood really never, never diminished over the years. And I think for Wu-Tang, we represent community unity. You gotta, that's that's, you know, so many of us was inspired by like, yo, the, the w is like, you know, your, your whole neighborhood on stage. You know what Emini here. And I think that we could use that right now. I think, you know what Emini here, like even artistically for the, for the culture, we could come in and look at the example of the woo. Yeah. So the time is now, you know what Emini here, does It financially make sense? And the reason I ask, he said all eight members, you got DJs, you got, everybody comes with at least one person security, whatever that means.


So that's a lot of money to put out. But you know, Wu-Tang is always, you know, for the hood. So I'm sure you guys are not charging astronomical prices. So financially, was it a financial thing is one of those things where it's like, we just need to do this regardless of finances. Oh, The finances, the finance is so beautiful because if you just take a moment, right? Just be and think about the Wu-Tang legacy and think about how many families is eating off of that legacy. You know what Emini here I'm talking about thousands, right? That legacy has went on from the music to sparking other MCs to figure out their careers, to inspire other producers and MCs to, and, and DJs to get up and say, yo, I'm a DJ now I'm a, so, and then when you go on a tour, you know, Emini here, I tour, you know, I just saw the tour bus count, got about eight buses.


Dang. That's great. That's crazy. So I'm just trying to tell you. And then all the trucks, you know, the production for this tour is crazy. We took time to really produce something, you know, since the New York state of mind, we've only kept elevating the level of production. So it's gonna be, it's so many families, you know, union workers, truck drivers, caterers, Emini here, the security. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a village that's going to eat off of this. And that's, that's the beauty of it in all reality. What's the difference between touring as grown men versus when y'all was younger? That's a good question. I think like, as men, you men right before you trying to get shorty line outside your door, right?


Right, right, right. You're kind of touring for the experience of, of, of, you know, sex, drugs and lock and roll. Right? But now, you know, you, you, you, you're moving with maturity And I think you really, I can speak for myself since I'm doing talking, I think I really gonna understand the impact of what the music do and what it means. Right? When somebody hears, I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side, New York crime side, and, and they, they relate that back to their life. Having secondhand clothes. You know what, Emini here, even though a lot of us is doing better, a lot of us is doing worse. You know what, Emini here. So I think that as a man touring around The World and showing our culture, it's, it's more meaning meaningful than ever.


Now I, I seen in an interview that you said you went to each member and said, what do you want to be on this tour? What do you need? And you was able to give everybody that. How difficult was that? And, and was there anybody that you couldn't give what they wanted? Nah, at the end of the day, you know, you gotta, you know, be satisfied, right? So we know we deal with mathematics, right? And, and, and we know that, that when there's dissatisfaction, it breeds confusion, right? They say, you know, even when 70% of the people were satisfied, the other 30% was dissatisfied and that other 30% went and started their own shit. And now you got competition. So you gotta strive to, to, to reach satisfaction.


And satisfaction is when someone can say, yo, for me, you know, I don't care if it's just like, yo, I just want bananas every night in my, in my dressing room. That's what he want. You know what, Emini here, let's accommodate that. Gotcha. Let accommodate the comfortability because I think I, I know I see a different, my brother Devon see a different, our whole management team. We know that when you are going out on the road, you leaving your family, you know what Emini here, you leaving with you. Your routine of life. And so we wanna make you as comfortable as possible. So this has becomes a moment of joy versus a moment of work. Are you confident that every single member is gonna show up for the show?


Emini here, I'm confident for confidence's sake, you know, Emini here, of course I'm confident, you know what Emini here, but you know this, this is life. You know what Emini here, right? Right. You can make a long turn on the 95 end up in a small town for the night. You know what, Emini Here, but nah, Emini here, far as the intention, right? It's all about intention and the, and the intention. Everybody is intending to be here. So if there's the glitch and the Matrix, you know, we'll deal with it. Right? And, and there's a album to come with this too. No, no. Emini here. Law Mathematics has a new album that he's, he's he put together called Black Sansom. He got a new song called Mandingo. He took all like the black exploitation and kung fu movies and did a album and got the entire Wutang clan MCs on it got Benny De Butcher Cool G just, just one of those Allah mathematics albums.


We, it's, that's dope. And he, so that, that's just ironically is coming out around the same time. But it wasn't like, it wasn't, it wasn't like it was a, a strategy plan. It was just like he finished it at the time when the, when the, when the tour is about to happen. So that's a blessing for him. And then I did hear, I could say this on the air, I did hear some of Quan's new album too. He Yeah, yeah, yeah. One of those. Yeah. I'm excited to hear what, so hopefully he gets that album before the tour drops. And, and b are you Involved in raising new album? Just, you know, I'm the Abbot. You know what Emini here, it's the guy.


They come to the temple and see if the abbot, you know, want to add some flavor to it or give some wisdom or advice. You know what Emini here, but he's the foundation of it. He came to me right before the, right during the holidays when he felt like he had a nice, I just call it a, a body of work. Yeah. Body of work. I was gonna call it dough. Like piece of dough. You got a mold that's Sitting there. You know what Emini Here. But yeah. And I, and we vibed out, listened to it twice and then said, ah, yeah, I, I had some vision and shared my vision, but yo and that's it. It's him doing it. Rayquan iss always, you know, he's a general always, you know, know how to lead himself. But then also as a general, you know, is wise to check in with the Abbott and be like, yo, yo Abbot, what's your, what's your 2 cents on this?


The thing with Ray's music, you gotta clean your palette whenever you listen to any new Rayquan album. And when Emini here clean your palette, you can't have no purple tape on your mind. Because the purple tape set the ball. Yeah, it does. Right? It's extremely high. It's probably, it might be the greatest hip hop album of all time. It's in that conversation. One of Those Absolutely. Yeah. It's in that conversation. I, well, one thing about him, it's a few MCs, right? In our, in our business that just when they open their mouth, it sounds like a record. Nas is one, of course, you know, the biggie was one j Ray Ghost, ghost. But no matter what, like when you hear them, you hear a record, you snoop, you hear 'em, you hear a record, you know what Emini here and so on his, on his new music.


It's just like these choosing unique ways, unique tracks. But as soon as this voice come in, it's like, oh, it's a record. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. Was it difficult? Who was the most difficult to get to do, do this? And not because of them being difficult, but maybe because of scheduling, right? You got meth that's acting. You are acting and producing. You got Rayquan that owns a bunch of businesses and, and these brothers leaving their families. Who was the most difficult to get? It was like, this is gonna be a little tough Emini here. If anyone, if anyone I, I'll say, you know, I won't say difficult, but let's Just say, you know, like, you know, who does the most shows out of all of us? Who's that ghost, right?


No, the Jer. Oh, word. Listen, the Jer is, he's like a jazz musician, yo. Right? His, it's like you call him, yo gonna do the re He said, oh, I got 40 shows over. I'm going to Europe. Or yo I'm going to 20 shows in Canada. Wow. He just Emini here. He stays that Liquid Sword album. Arguably one of the best hip hop albums of all time too. Absolutely. Absolutely. It just go, go. So you gotta check his schedule. 'cause he definitely was, is knocking a hundred, a hundred, 150 shows out a year. And so we actually had the pace to and wait for him And I personally. He Had to wait for because he was on Tour. Yeah. And I gave him a call.


I was like, like, how's your schedule for this year? Like, you know what Emini here. He was like, I'm good. All I I need this much time right here. And bong one. Yeah. Gimme his Word. I, I wanna get back to the, to I, I wanna ask you about liquid sword since we on it. 'cause we was having a whole debate last night in the group chat just about Wu-Tang songs. Wu-Tang music. 'cause you know, my guy bdo put out a top 10 greatest Wu-Tang records. And, and on Liquid Cold World, LA it goes cold world labels fourth chamber in the shadow boxing. That's probably one of the greatest sequences on a album. Do you, do you remember arranging that? Yeah, definitely. Okay. Definitely. That was my, that's one of my specialties, I think.


Not knowing one then, right? The natural ability of editorial edit editing or, or having a through line of storytelling. Right. But it was always been my personality. And at that time it was only expressed through music. Now it's being expressed And I, I direct films and TV shows and all that. But it was, it was the, it's the, it was the same type of energy. Like I could feel the way it go. I could feel like when the listener is listening, it's like, oh yo, I want your emotion to rise up. Get 'em up. Because by the time you got the fourth chamber, you, you driving, you, you, you might get a ticket. You know what Emini here? And I, And I, I wanted, you know, you know, you feel that right here?


Yeah. I, I always strive to, to get that feeling. To have your spine for the I said lyrics. I said March of the wooden soldier, cease like punk, try to hold us a thousand men western. And I wonder no one this hold us perpendicular to the square. We stand through like flare, escape, escape from dragons, Dragon's layer. In particular, my beats travel like a vortex up your spine to the top of your cerebral cortex. Woo. Yeah. That's, that's my, that's my goal is to hit you. Bam. Then I'm good. When the last time you listened to your verse on fourth chamber, because it's so relevant to the today. That's why I Emini here. Nah, Emini here. I've been, I'm, I'm I'm back into the study of what? Of everything of right now, you know, this tour, first of all, we got a special guest.


Run the jewels. Run the jewels. And so it's like, this is gonna be a lyrical tour. You know what Emini here, it's gonna be one of those tours that, you know, you gonna get your sweat off, guaranteed. You gonna get your jumps, you gonna get your, your classics. But it's gonna be those moments. You're gonna be like, Hmm, I needed that. You know what Emini here because, 'cause you know, words in the beginning was the word and the word became flesh. You know what Emini here. And so those words are healing. You know what Emini here, it's like, and, and, and you know, we need it. And I, I had something I was gonna say to y'all this morning. A law of segregation and discrimination is a sickness to any nation. When you deny a portion of the population the chance to experience the elevation, it will only lead to the decimation of your system.


And the next generation will pay for the mistake that will result in economic inflation. Ghetto living, innocent black Latinos and European immigrants stuffed inside housing tenements, low income recipients, they gotta choose between the food or the rent. Neighborhoods are cramped, like POW camps and Exmark, the spot where the insidious policies were stamped bad health, increasing bad policing, and there's gentrification. And Michael and Brad is leasing. Mm. At night they feel fright from the dimly lit street lights. My man g he could beef and fight, but he couldn't eat. Right? Mm. Loud sounds echoing gunshots. He couldn't sleep. Right.


Wow. What a life, when your life ain't worth for loaf of bread or a box of white rice. Mm. Yeah. Blessed be the meek. They said turn the of the cheek, but Jay bond just knocked him out with a sneaky Right. And put him off his feet. It could come last, it could come fast in the blast. Knock your senses back to the past. It's like old popping sounds a big brass section. You hear from old jazz Me, I stick to a piano key speak from a low, a minor to a soprano. EBOB. It's the Abbot C Mm. What's that from? It's something just there. You said he just did it this morning That just in your mind when you driving, I said something, I say I'm gonna share something here in the, in the, in the phone, in the phone book.


Are you getting back In the booth then? Because it sounds like you, You ready? It ain't, you know, whether it's in the booth or not, this tour, like I said, this is like, this is that moment for for the woo to that w that wisdom that you, that unpredictability. Like let's, let's get that back into the system. You know? I honestly feel that Woo is like a part of hip hop culture that's needed, you know, what Emini here and whether we could be the ones that continue to physically do it, or some young brothers are listening and they pick it up and they come and bring that wave. Like there's a, there's some young brothers I know coach. Y'all been seeing them. Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know what? Emini here, good flows, good style, good everything.


They, once they start injecting a little more wisdom into that, you know what Emini here, I'm, you know, hip hop needs that, you know what? Emini here ain't all just about, you know, all our money, guns and, and, and sex and drugs. You know what Emini here, that's a portion of it. Not, but it's not the, it's not all of it. I saw you say something recently where you said hot 97 Banon Wu Tang's music contributed to, I guess not just the decline of the group, but just the decline of Yeah. New York sound and everything. Guaranteed. Yeah. Emini here, you know, we could date that, you know what Emini here, we could look at it and see it happening because when you're dealing with business, right? Like all of us, you know, we, we got jobs, right? And so we gotta come in and do our job.


If the dude say, Hey, paint it blue and you the painter, you gotta paint it blue. Right? Right, right. Even though, you know, like, man, this blue was going to really turn everybody away, or it's really the, the paint got led in it or whatever. You still gotta stick to the job. And I think like at that time, you know, and even maybe in that people were scared to fight for each other. You know what Emini here, and that's been one of our issues, I think as, as our culture, right? Which, you know, there was a point when the culture started because of money, we did start accepting each other. I remember when, when like Master P and them would come to New York and we accepted that, you know what Emini here, when Dre and Snoop and Ice Cube, we accepted it, you know, first we accepted from the music, right?


And that'd be, that's private. But then when the money, when somebody's blowing with money, then you accept it because of the money. And so now you admiring him because of his money, but not because of his skill or because of the culture. You know what? Emini here. So when that starts happening, it's almost like now you, you, you are diminished in the culture because of the money. So yeah. A dude can make a hit at the end of the day. We talk about hip hop hits. Hammer, hammer had hits baby. Hell yeah. Okay. He was, he was going Diamond, you know what? Emini here. And, and, and, and, and, and People didn't accept that as hip hop for some reason back then. Even worse than that. Right? Even worse than that.


And I know I was pretty hard on him by myself, so I'm act like I wasn't, you know, 'cause I was on some, right? But we don't even give him his accolades. So he, he opened the door at the end of the day, right? We made fun of Emini here for commercial success. We did all that. But Yeah. Yeah, he helped. He like, like, see that's why I say a law is merciful. He gives, he takes a flaw. Like, like you could take, like, let me give you a quick metaphor. I won't go too deep, but let's look at two of our greatest, our greatest artists, right? 50 cent, right? And, And I'm gonna say yay, right? Both caught a floor in their jaw, right?


One from a car. I say one from a tragic street incident, but both now develop a tone that attracts The World. So from a floor in the jaw, you know what Emini here, Allah blesses them more. It's like, it's like, it's like, nah. Now you come back and, and it's like, it's whole swag. It's whole everything. It's sharpened without even knowing. So hip hop itself, they say the dj the dude was like, he said he was in his crib, one of the old DJs, right? He's in the crib and, and his mom's coming and he holds the record, huh? And she's like, you know, turn it down, blah, blah, blah.


He's like, ch ch holding it ch ch ch. Now the scratch is invented. That's crazy. You know what, Emini here from a floor. Yeah. I remember Eazy Mo B was talking to was doing a seminar, seminar. I was, there was Gamble and Huff. And he was saying like, yo, I'm, how do you guys get that one part of the song that that that high hat? I think for the love of money or one of their songs, like those high hats, like when it dropped out right there, I sampled it. I used it in all my beats. And I think Mr. Gamble was like, oh, that was a mistake. Wow. So even from a mistake, right? With given a chance to, to to, to multiply and to make something great.


You ever had one of those? Yeah. What was yours? Man, so many. To be quite frank, it's just like, sometimes you could go to your, to your, to your beat machine and it's just glitches out. You know what Emini here, I feel like method, man. The original drum way it happened was almost like a glitch out. But I liked it. I just like, I just, I just emulated it. I emulated the mistake. You know what Emini here, but I think put that, no, not that. The pat put the pat the pat. Like that's the, that's the bounce of it. Okay. So then, so when a guy like him got the, got there on the mic, he, he started riding his, riding his horse. You know what, Emini here.


So, but there's others too that that, that it just happens like that. You know, when, where flaw, you know, Emini here, even if you think about shame, right? Emini here dirty came in late to the studio, but he did that verse, right? One take. And then he was like, what nigga truck that was like, he just, he just, I said no, nah, nah, nah, go do it over. He said, nah, God go gonna love it. Wow. I said, all right. He was right. He was exactly. You know what Emini here, I actually, actually, I learned from that like later that was the one take and one take hut, one hut, two hut, three hut. Yeah.


I threw that, but got through all of that. Wow. You know what, Emini here, that's one thing about Dirty. If you could talk about him for a moment, shout out to YDB, he'll be on the tour with us. He'll be, that's his son, right? That's his son. His first born son, our son. He'll be on the tour doing his father verses for us. He's, he's been doing it for years and he's been doing a great job. But one thing about dirty, he almost never say the same lyric twice. Emini here say the lyric the same way twice. If he did it shim me, shim me, ya shim, me, yam, shim, meye. Next time he do it, he's not gonna do it like that. Right. He's almost like a, once again, like a jazz musician. He just goes with the spirit.


You know what Emini here. And he'll tell he'll, he'll say a rhyme that we wrote when we was 14 years old. And then he was saying it during the Woo era and eat motherfuckers up because I'll grab the mic now. Damager. And like he listen to his album, that lyric is on the album twice. Yeah. Right. Songs. Yeah, yeah. Right. Because it is, it was more of a performance, more of a energy that he would bring versus just the lyrical content. But he was very special and, and that, And I think he helped bring freedom. The hip hop expression. Yeah. He, when they used to talk about, I think they said Jizz used to write for dirty sometimes. Is that true? Yeah. But I'm like, how do you write for dirty? Like well That's called, 'cause we cousins, right?


So that's always, that's like at that table, the jizz go, we used to go to the Jizz house, you know, this is poverty days. Jizz may have just, you know, one box of oatmeal and we'll go get some Kaiser buns, you know, our New York, that's dinner baby. And we'll still stay there for three days on oatmeal and Kaiser buns just making pause tapes and writing and writing songs. You know what Emini here? Like, so even when it says when the MCs came the name, we made that when we was like 14, 15. Wow. And when we was doing liquid sports, I was like, yo, let's do that old routine we did at the table and that pause tape and we did it and bong, you know, I'm saying.


Wow. Do you, Do you ever remember those records that you lost in the flood? Did you ever get any of that? Or, or were able to produce that over or any of that at all? Nothing ever came back like it, like it was actually, I'm glad you mentioned that. Envy, we gonna, there's a, we are building this Time Capsule for the tour and we are gonna invite our fans, you know, to come out and somebody will win every night where they, you could take something from your woo nostalgia or your Woo history and put it in this Time Capsule. And we don't know where we gonna put it at. We, we, I may bury it somewhere. I may put it in a museum, but I'm gonna collect something from every, you know, city, from somebody.


But the first thing I'm gonna put in there, And I shout I'm not, I'm kind of telling you for the first time. Yeah. 'cause I was gonna surprise, I'm gonna take those disc that had inspected Dex album and I'm gonna put it in that Time Capsule. Wow. And if somebody find it years later and open it up and figure out the, you know, if technology could get all that, whatever is on it, bung bang. I'm Shocked You don't have that now. There's no technology that can get that now. Hasn't happened. We took, you know, Dex Matt, you know, they d they they snuck a few out and tried to do it. You know what Emini here because it's on floppy dish, yo. Mm. You know what Emini here, they took it to like, to the NASA people and they didn't get it.


Couldn't get out. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. He's the one who suffered the most from that flood, right? I would say artistically. Yes. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, economically, everybody suffered. You know, it was two floods, wouldn't even, you know what Emini here like, like, I don't know. I was just, I was, I just took it like, Noah, you know what Emini here, like, just keep more Yeah. Wash all your shit away. I've, I've lost more on life than, than I've, I'm out of the loss phase. I got a good wife, you know what Emini here, who, who know how to keep, keep life organized for me and keep the balance. But before, yeah, I was definitely known for losing a lot of things. Yeah. Now that one album, I can't remember his name that the gentleman bought.


Did y'all Martin Sly. Yeah. Mark Sulley. Did you ever get that album back? 'cause I know there was a fight to get it back. Did you ever get it Back? Not personally, but it's owned by a group of people called Pleaser Dao. And it just, in, it continues to increase in value and have his own life. Emini here they bought it for like 4 million. And now there's people talking about like a whole nother thing of what it could be. So it's kind of one of those things to have a life of his own. Are we ever gonna hear that? Or, or, or that's part of the deal that they can never play it publicly? No. No. Actually I'm striving now at this phase since, since we are, you know, at this age and we kind of did figure out something Emini here.


The, the, the thing was, yeah, it was like not to be, it can't be commercialized, right? For 88 years. You know what? Emini here. So, So it can't be sold, it can't be on on, it can't Be commercial. It can't commercialized Canalized streaming service is not, you Could give it away. I told, I told Mr. Scarelli that in the beginning. I was like, yo. 'cause especially at, just to give you a little backstory on that, I met him before he became the most evilest man in The World. Remember? They had like the most evilest man in The World. So I met him before he became Lex Luther. You know what Emini here. Straight up. And, you know, we sat down and he was telling me, you know, he, yo I'm a Woo fan. I love 50 cent. I I love hip hop Rayquan, you know, some of, some of his lyrics has made me do business things.


And he, he had a whole plan. He was gonna buy this Enigma machine. I don't know if you know what the Enigma machines are. We don't, those are the decoding machines they use to make in World War ii. When they had to figure out, in fact it, it led to the computer. So he wants to the the, and all the turning papers. Who was the guy who basically invented the computer? He was, he was in the Woo album. He was like, I'm gonna get all these things and he gonna do something. I was like, okay, watch. What the fuck you gonna do? But he had a plan, whatever he was going do, boom. And then when he, when went negative on him, like maybe a few months later, I saw it on tv. I saw him on the news. I said, And I was telling my wife, yo, that's the guy that we selling the album to.


She said, oh, I wouldn't sell it to him. I said, oh no, it's already like a deal. Even though it wasn't the, the money didn't exchange hands. It was already a deal. And it was in contract for him. So I was like, nah, Emini here. I sat down with him, I told him yes. And so, so now that we, it's at the day that he gets it. And you know, he got, he got a lot of security, everything, you know, and they kind of, he had some, some big dudes with him. And, And I just said, let me talk to him moment by himself. Come here a kid. You're still a kid to me. So I'm like, yo, listen, if I was you, I would just give this away to The World, like do something good. Because people were saying like, you bad right now.


He was like, just smiled at me. It went worse. It went worse. Yeah. So, but I think that be a beautiful thing if it, if it was a way to give it or, you know. Yeah. I just think it, it's, it's, it's, it'd be nice to share it, you know. If, if Wu-Tang was starting the day, how do you think the industry would treat a group like Wu-Tang? I think we were still breakthrough, right? One, we wasn't, you know, remember we came through also like we would rush in the building too now. So even though I actually think they built the building security because of Wu-Tang, I'm sure remember, remember before you could walk into a label like get in the elevator?


Remember before now, before There was no, Frankie could just go right upstairs. Yeah, man. Now, boy you know what Emini here, there's two forms Of security downstairs. And then upstairs you Get to floor upstairs. Yeah man, you got all type of, it's like, you know what, Emini here, cell block h nah, but no, no, I think beyond all that, right? I, I think the talent man, look at the kind of talent you got in, in in in The World. You could see the talent. The proof of it is just like, even Method Man is gonna go ahead and be a Star. Ghost is gonna go ahead and be a star. Right? Right, right. You know what, Emini here. So it's just like you couldn't, couldn't deny and expect the deck. Who's a who don't get the credit as he should. I think as far as star level Emini here, I won't say as far as star level 'cause the fans go crazy when he comes on stage.


But Emini here, far as within our industry, separating all those top names we mentioned Inspector Deck got some of the best verses in hip hop history. Yo, it's not even close. You know what Emini here. And it's just like, okay, so, but that talent is right there.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple card play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Charlemagne tha God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit stars original series, raising Canaan is coming back The new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite. Canaan Start originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power as he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and love from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Rai Canaan premieres March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez, she was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls, join the searches, we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here?


Al goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew of obviously pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


His his talent is what the first thing you hear when you hear Woo. First thing you hear, I mic like smoking Joe Frazer and you like Reason and and you, you immediately, your ear was, oh wow, who's this guy? And then you think it's over. Then another guy comes in, Ray got it going on, pal. You're like, oh wow. Who's this guy? So I think the talent will always break through just like, just like when you see other talents in our industry right now that just have something that you know, know, you know, you know, Tyler and the, our future, Tyler, the creator and his whole crew, like couldn't, you couldn't deny, couldn't. When Frank Ocean album came out, he was like, oh yo, it was just on BP. Yeah.


Now on this tour bus, will there be a studio on the bus? I'm sure with your mind there will be a studio on the bus. Yeah, well actually there's a bus. So John Lennon, right? John Lennon, his foundation has has a bus called the John Lennon bus, which they, they use for a lot of education purposes. And I had to travel with us on the last tour and I'm gonna have to travel in this tour. So it's not only a studio, but it's like when you use it, it helps kids in, in, in the cities and all that. And they take it around The World and teach music education and continue John John Lennon's legacy. You know, imagine all the people living life as one, right? Yeah. John John Lennon, right?


That was, that was, that's crazy. Yeah. I wanna ask you about the fourth chamber verse you spit, okay. Back in the day because it's so relevant today because you talk about, you know, government control, economic inequality, medium manipulation, all of that. Where, when, when you wrote that, was that prophecy or was that what you were seeing at the time? A little bit of both, right? As a artist, like, like it's easy to say, you know, right now, oh yeah, that, that was a prophecy, but nah, but as a artist, you supposed to tap in, right? It is like, to be quite frank, everybody is the antenna. You know what Emini here, the chemicals, the biochemical equation of your physical composition is receiving signals.


You could receive a thought right now from your man in la You know what, Emini here, without this, this, this is kind of a proof for us who grew up without having this much power in our hand, right? And that it still sells all in your body. You know what Emini here, but as a artist, you get a signal, you feel something some people says, woke them out, their sleeping and they wrote songs. And yesterday I heard Paul McCartney, he said yesterday he woke up, it was in his dream. And, and that song is forever, right? So I think that, I know that myself as a artist, I would always just get hit with a, with a jolt of electricity And I was just right.


And so of course I was studying at that time as well, you know, at tune with mathematics. Mathematics don't lie. You know what Emini here. And, and it's just like, some of the words just, you know, they just come to you and you gotta be grateful and you let it out. And sometime when you hear yourself back, it's not even you. You actually not, it's like you're, that you recording, it's sometimes it's not you. If you ever can feel me, what Emini here, it's almost like third person. That's why Out of body experience. Yeah, that's, that's why I was like the er, like know what Emini here, it was like, it is like, it was, it's a title, right? Right. And, and even in even that name, it came like that.


It was like, because I was walking around Prince Rock came Prince Rock King. And I was like, then so was like, And I, I might, I might have had a good smoke that day. Emini here it was like, yo Dza, what is that? Right? But if you look at my, look at the letters, right? The, the r as Rakim said is the 18th letter and R is for rule or ruler. So that means you gotta start to rule yourself, but a ruler, right? It's not just the action of oh, he's the ruler of the country. No, A ruler is a measurement device that you must use to measure everything before you get into your square, right? So now if I measure everything first before I zig, when it's time for me to zag, which could be going in the wrong direction, I know I can always zig back and then that a is fall off, right?


And that's that arm, leg, leg, arm, head. And so in my life I was like, it was just time for me to be like asked to be the Issa. And then, then, then my brothers was like, after we started moving, moving our unit, set out the power set out to Dev Divine, set out to Tyree, before we started moving our unit, it was like, yo, you the Abbott, you know what Emini here? I said, all that's, so that's my title within who on the Abbott. But the, the universe gave me that title, the Issa. So I wonder what you see now, like when you see things like, like ice raid and then you think about the fourth chamber verse and you was like, a hit was sent from the president to raid your residents.


Yeah. You know, when you see stuff like the coronavirus and, and stuff like that, you say 6 million doubles just d from bubonic, flu, ell, Ebola virus. You're just speaking about this plague that took over. Like what do you, what do you, when you see what, what happened over the years and you think about that verse, what do you, What do you, yeah, no, I'd be like, yo, at one point it's like yeah, the, the, the reality is the reality, right? Right. Word, time, time words take time to materialize. Right? So and so now we talking prophecy, let's just talk about Noah. He, they said he preached for like 300 years telling people, y'all look, we gonna have to build these arcs and get in the water and go.


And they like, man, first of all, keep in mind he's in the desert, told him I was gonna rain. So nobody, they can't believe that. But the time for The World to be materialized is, is, is, is is the process of going from a thought to a gas to a liquid, to a solid manifestation, right? So you may say something today that won't manifest till later. And so some of those lyrics are that right? Even more. I think if you go into, into this song, impossible. Oh my God. So even there it's like, you know, my verse starts off with fusion of the five elements, right?


Which is mental and physical, right? And this is before you know the strong feminist movement. I was saying that, you know, women are going to be more celibate. They're not gonna be messing with us like that. You know what I'm saying? And some life will becomes irrelevant. But the but the benevolent king will communicate to you through your dream, right? So the most high he'll hit you through your dream and give you a mental picture will be formed. And then a law heard and seen everywhere in your surrounding atmosphere. Thermos stratosphere atmosphere. Can you imagine from one single idea, everything appeared here that there'd be light, that was a single idea, but it took time for all that to grow.


Scientists say the Big bang theory, they talking about it took billions of years. We know it's been trillions of years for it to grow, right? So a mental picture's been painted a lot certain seen everywhere, you know, let there be light and the light is here. So anyway, sometimes you as a artist, right, you know, you go back and look at science fiction and we watch Gene Roddenberry who created Star Trek and we like, yo, wow, he had the flip phone and next thing you know, the flip phone is physi is is in physical existence versus being an artistic existence. Yeah. You know, that's funny you said impossible. 'cause when BDO did these, so I'm gonna read you these top 10 best Wu-Tang songs he had number 10, Wu-Tang ain't nothing to fuck with.


Number nine, win War. Number eight, mystery of Chess. Boxing Number seven, reunited number six is yours. Number five, protect your neck. Number four, can it be also simple? Number three, ice cream Number two, triumph number one cream. We started flaming 'em in the group chat. We just, just Emini here. It's not a good list. I that we, that's His list. That's his list. That's His list. That's his list. But then like Very commercialized. Oh, there's be that right there. Be there. But yo, but we saying Impossible is one of those songs that should be on there, right? What do you, what do you think of that list, first of all? Well, no, the list is up to the top, to the list maker. Yeah, you know what Emini here, but, But he gets that list from online. That's people that, that go on his online and hit him while he's doing the live thing, Not just that. And also that list might be the top 10 streamers at the end of the day.


You go and check the top streamers. But those are the commercialized list. Those are the ones that are, are casual Woo fans. Those are the ones that they are. Yeah, yeah. Those are the ones you better perform. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what, Emini, here We come here. You better hit us. Hit us and y'all ka look, the beautiful thing is Winter Wars Ka came outta nowhere, right? Oh my God. You remember that? Emini here? That's some time ago. But once again, talent, nobody knew this guy. You know what Emini here, we knew him. You know what Emini here, I knew that. Yo, he's one of the dopest MCs on the, on Staten Island while we was growing up, me and him always had tapes together. Like we had, our tapes were circulating before who had tapes. You know what Emini here, that's why he is like, man, wizard of our name printed in the tablet under, under under Vets.


He paid our debts for mad. He was like, we was already having tapes ated For the Other brothers was doing their thing. But he comes out of the, out of the now and UAR brings him to the crib and you know, boom. I was just happy to see him and know, because Capano, his name at first was original, legit know what Emini here or original, right? So I was like, original, you know what Emini here. And he was like, yeah, you know, he, his s slang is ridiculous. Emini here. He's like, you not Donna J. Bird. What was that? And the Capna, I was like, and it wasn't no Capna Street on Staten Island yet. Like maybe five years later there's like a capna named after.


I didn't, I didn't know what Capa Donna was. What is Cap? Well I think it's like the, like the leader of a of, of, of, of the, of the priesthood or something like that. You know what Emini here? Yeah. Because there's a capna in the Catholic. I think in the Catholic religion there's something that's Cap orna. Yeah. Why would The World, they had no drums, man. It was like a baseline missing from winter war. Like when you turn it Up? No, the drum. The drum, yeah. The drums was filtered. Was filtered. The drums was filtered out with the something, something caused a filter to phase And I left it. What? That was one of those mistakes that you were talking about, right? Yeah, yeah.


Like the filter phased out And I was just like, I just love the verses And I love the energy of, of the vibe of what was happening. But here's a man that comes out, drops his 32 bars. There wasn't a 16 and goes on to become a gold artist from one verse. He's just like, I would give respect to AZ on Nas. Right? He had one verse on Nas joint Goes on, goes on to become a Life's a bitch. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He comes on to become a historical hip hop artist. Emini here. Quame. He just had a mention on Nas album. Yeah. One love, one Love, come, come home and got a record deal. That's the, that's the power of hip hop. Yo, How did you, what made y'all let Capitano go so long?


Did he write it or he already have it? Did he just went in there and did it and you were like, Yo, keep it. Yeah, he just aired it out. Yeah. Yeah. He aired it out. Emini here, he aired it out. You can't, when you, you know, back in the day when you even, even now, I guess when you hearing something and you just hearing it and it just, you can't stop listening, right? It is like, it's like when Young Thug and what's like Young Thug Gucci And I think, I think it's Travis on that song. Floyd Floyd Mayweather. It's a long song. Yo, I've rocked that whole song all the way through there. It's just, it just, they just, they just going in. They just going. I'm like, yo, I, I, I play that when I'm headed home. When that Emini here, I still play it. That song is probably what, five, seven years old now.


Hmm. But they aired it out and it's just like, that's what it is. When you hear something that airs it out. You can't, you can't, you don't, you don't cut it. Or Do you remember some of those legendary battles in the studios? Some of that you, you people might not know of that you're there one day and this, it might be this artist and this and they just going back and forth and it's disgusting. But Gray Emini here. Yeah, Emini here. As far as rule competition, one thing I love about my brothers is that we, it it could go all the way up to fuck you Emini here. Shit, it could, it could get that tense and, and everything's cool. Who is The worst with that? That always gets personal and it man Emini here. You, you could, you could guess that you guy.


Yeah. Yeah. The Grouch. The Grouch. The Grouch Come on. Because he's unfiltered. I don't give a fuck. You know what, Emini here and you know. Yeah. You know. Yeah. He don't care. I feel like Dirty would've been like that too. Oh, dirty. But see what thing about No, no. The thing about dirty though, right? Because Dirty was like that. You know what, Emini here. Emini here. Emini here. Me and Dirty. Yeah, but dirty. I think with him it was, it was, it was always like, I guess like, he's like, like he'll yell, yell, yell, get you, get you hyped up and then kiss you on your nose.


You see what Emini here. That's, that's something magical about that. You know what Emini here. And so, so, so for him it's always like, you can't help it. Like, that's nigga crazy. I love this dude. Yo. Right. You know what Emini here with Youi it. Nah, it wasn't No Kiss. It's like, it is like, it's like this and shit. And actually somebody else do. He gotta slow it down. You know what Emini here, who's that person? Who's, who's The, it depends. It could be anybody. Like, like Jam, I think Master Killer Emini here. The knife member, the client. I think he's, he's he's always been a balancer, right?


Yeah. In fact, shout out to Master Killer. He's working on a new album called Balance right now. I think that also, I think another mc, once again, he just had those eight bars on chess. Boxing, you know what, Emini here but yet built a career. Yeah. Who, who's your favorite mc in Wu-Tang Emini Here. The jizz A is the, is the, is the, is the head Emini here? You know, I argue with people if you wanna argue, you know, and especially at that time, if you go and check the jizz a's lyrics and his catalog of lyrics. I don't think you're gonna find no other mc you know, that, that have given that compared to him Lyrically Emini here.


Like I, I put JSU as my favorite mc and, and the way that he approached the mic and the, and the things that he, he's done. You think about labels back then where he's using every label, but he's telling you a cohesive, clear story. You know what Emini here with metaphors and wit and Yeah. And then he goes on to do it again with fame and then he goes on to do it with Animal Planet. You know, when he did it with Animal Planet, which was crazy 'cause he just used all the football teams and was talking about how the Jaguars against the Lions. And I was, I was like, yo, that was like, just as he's deep, but he takes him, it might take him like a year to write a verse like that.


He won't write it. Like, like Ray will hit you, hit hit the pen and be done in an hour and it shit be fly. Marvelous. Fly shit. You know what Emini here, the JA is like, he's still working on it. Like he, you know what Emini here, he got songs he's still been working on for 10 years. Wow. 'cause he, he won't, he won't say it. And if he does, if he does something quick, he'll do it just 'cause he has to do it. But that's not his, that's not his best intention as an mc. His intention as an mc is to, to make it almost biblical or something like, almost like everything is, is no filler filler idol. No words.


Or fill in the ideas, you know what Emini here Do we need another, another Wu-Tang type group or person to break the mold. Like you think about when Protection Neck came out, that was so unlike the mold that ever came out, right? It was, it was no real hook. There was just verses it, it didn't even start with a verse that started what? Like it was just totally left, but it caught Right. Do you think we need something like that to break the mold? Because everything is starting to sound monotonous. Yeah. You always need a, a a, a fresh JT of energy. And I think we're gonna get it, man. It's, it's MCs or artists right now just that's in their college dorm or in their mom's crib or even in the, in, in the projects, you know, with better equipment than we had.


Right. With his laptop or whatever. And and they, and they, they just, they just cooking and they're gonna come and show us. I also have a small prediction for hip hop. Like I think that hip hop will get us. We will get the, we'll get the, it's like before we was, we, it's been a lot of gratifying of gangsterism. Right. I think hip hop will now get artists that they don't, they they was, they weren't drug dealers. They're not criminals. They've studied this art. They've studied, they lived hip hop in their form and they're gonna bring a wave that won't feel so threatening.


And we had that and no, not, not saying that they wasn't from the streets. Right. But think of De La and Tribe Right. Think of Black Sheep and KMD. Most Def Talib think of most deaf and lib. Right. But I was even going earlier than them because they come after it goes like that and then they kind of most definitely come that big Daddy king. Yeah. You know what? Emini Here, I feel like we just had that though, the last 15 years. Really? If you think about it. 'cause you think about the Kendricks, the Drakes, the j, Coles, the Waley, the big Seans, the chance, the rappers, the Rapsody, like they not on that I shit. And they've been the top guys in. Yeah. I got girls for the last however many years. Yeah, I guess you right. But I, but I'm still, but I think it's something else different though.


'cause they, they, they, they, I I still think it's more like a, how can I put it? That it ain't just that not from the streets. It's, it's, it's still another spoonful of that's missing. Like another spoonful of like the multilayer. Okay. The fashion of it. Right. So who out those you named? Who has the fashion? The fashion? I don't know. Me. I guess Wale maybe. I don't know. Wale was the guy. Maybe. Yeah, maybe Emini here. I don No Emini here is big fashion And I influential. I don't think any of those guys Exactly. As far as influence, I don't think Only maybe asap. Asap. Definitely asap.


Definitely asap. Asap Definitely. Okay. But then ASAP gives you the streets and the fasten. Right. You see what Emini here I'm talking about where it'll be the, the they they could, they, they could fight. 'cause they, they, they've been training their whole life in some, some, some class. They could play the instruments because they've been playing the instruments. They got a college degree. 'cause their, their parents may don't go to college. They love hip hop. They know they could quote Slick Rick, you know what Emini here, they could quote Kendrick. You know what Emini here, they could do all of that. So That artist from the hood, but that's not Hood. Not in the gang, not gangster. Went to college, got the degree, but study hip hop. Love hip hop. And maybe not from the hood.


Maybe he's from the suburbs. But ain't that cold Cole went to college. Go To Yeah. That that, that's definitely cold. No, that's Cole's. Right. That is cold. Right, right. Cole Cole's is that. But then not the fashion. Definitely not the fashion. And I know what you for Sure. No, no, no. I was just saying. So I was just, I'm just saying I think there's a generation of them that's gonna come through that. That they could have been as beautiful as a RB artist. Let's just use that. Right. As witty as a hip hop artist, as focused as a, I don't know, a, a a, it's just called a fashion artist. Right. And yet physically Yeah.


Powerful as Ghost Face Killer. There's there's only one. There's only one like that. Oh, Kanye. He's the only one that's not from the hood. Very fashionable, very influenced. He was not spitting gangster. But he not, He don't got the physical, like he not intimidating. I get what you I get saying, But he, but he but he is a pioneer of that particular album. He's The pioneer of that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's You gotta like Kendrick though. Who me? Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, one of Kendrick's first samples on his early songs was he sampled me And I cleared it for free. Mm. You know what Emini here I was saying, nah, keep that. You know what Emini here, I don. Yeah. And that's, listen, it's before he was about to go to the top of The World. I just heard it.


Oh no, he's spitting. He's a dope mc. Yeah. I gave Kendrick credit 10 years ago. Emini here and, and he's only gotten better. Yeah. And Run The Jewels is the perfect fit. But, but why did y'all choose Run the Jewels? Was it something that y'all had 'em on the road before? Y knew Killer Mike. Mike. Like I was run The Jewels. We, we did a show with them. We did two shows with them before. And, and, and this, this may sound like, they're like, they're like, to me run the Jewels are like rage against the machine. Like think about that for a moment. Right. They are like, you know, their lyrics and their, they're having fun of course, but they're also politically conscious.


Their fans are like diehard, like diehard Woo fans. Their en their energy. We did, we did two shows with 'em. It was like, and we was like, oh shit, you know what Emini here, it's like, it's like, I didn't know how big Razor against the machine was because you know, I'm in my bubble. But when I, when when we was in Europe, there was like, should go see these guys, And I went and saw them. I was like, oh shit. That's the energy that I love. Yeah. This put those energies together. It was the same thing with one of the jewels. They had 20,000 going crazy. You know what Emini here. And I was like, oh shit. Even though I, I know Killer Mike for years, you know, from his first Gold album, you know, of course everybody loved Michael, but JSA took Michael on tour back in the Day.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, Mike said that JA took a Moron and gave him Godbody game. Yeah. He said he, he, he, he, he, he said Jizz a pioneered him. And JSA is one of those dudes that really, you know, sparked his brand. But yeah, they, this is a, this is a nice, like I said, this is a lyrical combination right here. And Yeah. And we talked about it for almost a year. And then bung here, you know, we living it. What's the most underrated Wu-Tang song that you think deserves more love and that when y'all perform on on Tour, everybody just goes crazy. Well, depending where you at. Right. But I know one Wu-Tang song that definitely seemed like, I don't think New Yorkers ever even heard it.


Gravel pit. Ooh, Of course that was with the video. Y'all dressed like the Flintstones and all that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. All the fur coats and all that. But man, overseas you could play it twice in the, in the concert. They love it. Wow. Yeah. But in New York, they don't play that. You know what? Emini here, somebody get mad that come on like ghost to somebody and start frowning at you. Like, yo God, who the fuck do this? Yo meth, nigga meth. Like, ain't doing my verse. What was it, the video or just it, You know what, it was a, it was a, I think it was a, I think I was reaching, I was like, I attempted to make a song in a was way that was like Poppy commercial for radio.


Yeah. Commercial I attempted. Yeah. But which I never needed there. I know, but I did, you know, here of the backstory of that song, if I could share real quick? No, that song was, was, was Meant for Aaliyah. Aaliyah, yeah. We was in the studio, man. We talked about it And I said, I want, I have this whole Flintstone concept. I'm gonna have you dressed up like, like Betty. Yeah, Betty like Pebbles, but, and Pebbles, Pe Pebbles. But you know, 'cause Aaliyah was, you know, setss in great shape and all that. And I just had this whole plan and she was be like, yeah, we agreed. And it just, you know, things went, went. Yeah. So she was gonna sing over that beat and everything or it was just a d Wow. Yeah. And I imagine her on it.


Yeah. Because it was more dancey And I get what you're saying. Okay. Yeah. Was there any other artists that you guys worked with that just never came to fruition? Like an X Or Not? I think, not Wu-Tang Clan itself, but I think, you know, all the members. I'm blessed with everybody. But on the album called the, on the w was the, was the album where it's the only Wu-Tang album that it was like, yo, let's let, let let our brothers in. Some peers in. And so Busters on it, right? Nas is on it. Snoop was on it. That man is on it. You know what, Emini here. And those was, you know, W Cousins. Yeah. Those are family Members.


Yeah. Yeah. My last question, man. You, you've talked about the importance of discipline and self mastery throughout your entire career. Why is that so important for people to have in the industry now? Because I feel like it's a lack of it. Mm. Yeah, definitely. You know, if you don't know the ledge, like knowledge of self, know the ledge, you're gonna fall off the edge. And it's really as simple as that. You know, your health is your wealth. All the things, you know, being young is fun. So, and they come in our industry, come in the industry, you know, they young. It's exciting. You know what Emini here, the blue pill, red pill, yellow pill, you know what Emini here and you know, and, and, and you got and live. But you know, since everything is more potent, you know what Emini here and everything is like before, what could take 10 years to take you out could take you out now in one year.


Less than that. In times, yeah. Just, just like, just like the information before it took forever to get the information. Now you could just press the button. It's the same thing with negativity. And so I would tell, I would just shout out all my young artists out there and or even mature artists. Definitely take time to build yourself. Build your mind. Don't get too caught up in it. You know what Emini here, look at this as as, as, as your work, as your love. But keep yourself and your family first word. Well, we thank you. Appreciate you for joining us. The tickets are on sale right now for the Final table. Talk with Run the Jewels, Get your tickets. And we appreciate you Rizza. Appreciate you too, brother. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Rizza Bong, bong.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person, sleep with everyone he knew of. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and Archival Interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, with Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, That was a Real Horse's Head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.