
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neva. On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with Hate. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, Indeed.


He's on the new show on BET plus Carl Webber's, the Family Business, new Orleans, which is streaming right now. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Brandon T Jackson. Welcome brother. We back. How's it doing? How you doing? My brother? I'm Doing very, very well. Very well. I'm excited. Show's doing good. So, you know, people are liking that Carl Webber's the family business. What brought you back to Hollywood? I nigga's gonna ask that. Yeah. What Brought you back to Hollywood? You know what, It's so much, it's, it's so funny because when you, when you go off and do a, a Spiritual Journey, you know what Emini here and you and you learn and you aggregate people and you realize that it's like God gives you a gift right. To use. And when it gives you a gift, you're not using it.


You could, you can go crazy and you can, you know, you can like get depressed. You can start. And I think my gift is, is something that was given to do a purpose that's bigger than just acting. So I, I saw the whole thing, you know, trying to aggregate, you know, our people together to come together economically. And I, I'm not the first one to try and I won't say fail, but you know, it's like art is work. Art is what what he gave me, I believe, to, to to to be a light. So How, how has the industry changed? Meaning like for, for good, for better art? I don And I don't, I I never, here's my issue. The whole illuminati cut off my gas.


Everybody blaming some if Fictious, I'm not saying not. I don't, you know, the whole, you know, Do you have to sell your soul to be in Hollywood, is what I'm saying. That's good question. Do you still have to sell it now is what I'm saying. I don't, I don't feel like it, it is, it is like that. I wonder spiritually, I feel like whatever you would do to, to, to get where you gotta go, you gotta find what energy is pushing you. My energy was always the most high, you know, period. I, I Emini here. He, my dad told me this too. He's like, you, you got my blood, my prayers, your grandmother's prayers, your grandfather's prayers running through your veins. So when you do these other things, your ancestors are calling for you not to do.


So it won't work. You know what I'm saying? I, I've been to many, you know, dark places in life And I just like, it don't, it don't work for me. You know, I tried Was comedy, was comedy your safe place? 'cause You Stopped doing acting and you totally dove into comedy. Yeah, you know what? It's funny. I've been, I've been doing standups since I was 14. I actually started doing standup in church. A lot of people think I, I I went and started doing, I started as com doing comedy and then I got the movie Roll Bounds. You said In church? Yeah, I started in church. So You would get up in front of the congregation and tell they honest this over There though? Yeah, I was clean. I was a clean comedy Emini here. I'm still relatively pretty clean, but not, you know, I, I could do better, but with, with my dad, he don't like going to my shows.


But, but yeah. I talk about this in Chest Out. I got a new show we shop in new. It's, it's really good actually. I would like you to watch it. Okay. Because you, you, you a tough critic. Okay. DJ seen, he's seen me perform. He's seen me do well. He's seen me bomb. He seen me get standing ovations everything. But you never seen me do comedy. I would like, I'm gonna send that to you. It's called Chest Out. We shopping in Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, everybody. So it's, it's, it's looking really good. But yeah, comedy is, is, it was my safe place when I was going through the whole Spiritual Journey. I actually talk about it and the whole thing is about that. You know, I Thought, you know, there's no disrespect, but I thought at one time he was gonna quit comedy. 'cause I've seen a couple of shows with Brandon go up and this was right after everything.


And you bombed. Yeah, bombed. And I was like, there's no way Brandon's coming back after this. And this is the bomb that you like Charlamagne like bomb. Like The bomb bomb. See, see, see Yeah. I got two types of comedy I like, I like when, when, when I think somebody's really funny and really making me think. I'm just, I'm actually just watching. Like, I'm not laughing because, you know, I like to catch everything. Yeah. But when somebody's bombing, Yeah. You love it. I don't know why I, I think I like watching the person try to figure it out. That's what makes me laugh. But, But New York bomb is a different from a, a regular New York is a d from an audience. They're respectful. They, they don't want to even let you get it out. Like if you, if you, if you bomb in New York, yeah. You could say it is like, it's, it's, it's, it's acceptable because a New York bomb is like, you might be good in another city.


Y'all New York is a tough audience. How Many times did you bomb in New York? But I don't wanna say, I don't make seem like he bombs every time. It seem like it was like a lot of Timeall No Road Must DJ for his set at least 15 times. I never knew that times. Yeah. Well he does. We do it on tour. So I DJ everybody set Got you guys. Everybody. He's been doing it for years though. He seen, he, that's what he saw. New York is the, is what I got. Good real Michael, shout out to him. He actually trained me to get good because I, I wasn't raw no more. I was doing all the movies. Mm. So it was Rocky three, you know what Emini here like, like then that's, he was seeing that moment years ago. So you Was rich. You had the fame when you kinda lost the edge a little Bit. Yeah. Gotcha. And that seems like in 2000, like 15, 16.


But now that's, you know, that's, that's old. But how do you Regain what made you stay with it though? Because it's like, you, you've seen that and it would take a lot of heart from comedians if they I'm resilient and plus I already know, like I know what is going on, but you Never wavered. That's, that's the whole thing. I've seen people, comedians head down f this, but you always head up. All right, I'll get 'em next time. But what gave you That? Because I know, I know I'm funny. I don't have to try to be funny. I'm a funny person. You know what Emini here, it's just about connecting material. I didn't have a story at the time. See now I have a story how I left Hollywood for seven years, accidentally joined a religious cult ACHAk. And I had to come back and Terrence Howard save me. That's funny. You know what Emini here, like is that a true story? Some somewhat. It's, it's fabricated, but it's pretty, pretty true.


How did Terrance Howard Save you Now? You gotta watch it. You gotta watch it. You Gotta watch it. Terrance seem like he's still in a cult right now. I love Terrance though, by the way. Terrance is smart. And I I I totally agree. I think Put this, put this number in the calculator. 5 5 5 9 9. Yes. Yeah. But you know why I respect guys like that is because they're at least trying to figure something else out. They're just not accepting what has been told to us all of these years. And if there is another way, just show me. He's dealing in the, it's it's deep man quantum, the quantum realm. And that's when you start talking about quantum physics and all that stuff. Thank you. You're welcome. It is a different game. You're talking a different language. You know, we, we keep talking about Republican Democrats. Y'all better be worried about these computers. Word these.


This is, this is about to get real. I'm, I have a tech company that I, that I run And I, that I'm doing, and these, I have machines right now. I'm building machines by itself. Like he's in that realm and he's talking about stuff that people don't understand. So I know, you know, I talked to him yesterday. He sent me a 40 page book about what he was talking about. I don't understand any of it. You Read it though? Yeah, I read it. Yeah. It's all numbers and stuff. So, but You read it. I was gonna ask you, so when you said that Brett Michaels helped you bring your raw back, what, what, what did, how do you do that? Go to Jamaican clubs at three in the morning. Do comedy, go do that. See what happens? You they gonna play the whistles on you in New York. Go to Harlem at three in the morning, do comedy, be the 15,000 person up and you get booed.


You know what I'm saying? And then, then go do, it's New York is the place you get. Great period. Detroit, I'm from Detroit And Detroit is the place. You, you have the flavor, but New York is the place. You just, you just, they not gonna play. They don't, they don't care. They got too many people. So we would go to common clubs every night, every night, all night, all night, all night. I'll be up to five in the morning And I go shoot my show called who Deadbeat at the time. That's how far long ago deadbeat. And from there I would go to the clubs all night, all night. And we rip say until you get standing ovations. And then, then I start, he gonna be mad at I start killing it because I would take, I took his style too. Mm. 'cause he has a New York style where he, he hit you like this. You ever see rip? You know me, I'm actually a actor style where I act out.


I'm like a richer and an Eddie. Where we, you gotta listen to the act out New York. Don't want to see a act out. They're more punchy. Wow. Okay. You know what, Emini here, that's a style. Yeah. You know what Emini here. You think LA makes you plastic a little bit? No, I don't Emini here. I'm in, I live, I I'm in Michigan most of the time too. Okay. But I'm talking about when you, you from Detroit, but when you was out there doing the Hollywood thing Yeah, it did. Okay. Yeah. It made me, it made me, but I'm, you know, I was so young, bro. I blew up at 19. Man. You think it came too fast for you? No, I believe on the personal level. Yeah. I believe that I, I I didn't stick to my core energy of what brought me here. I believe that when you centered in God And I don't like preaching And I, I don't like, And I don't, you better Not be afraid to Testify.


No, I know. But it's like, sometimes people, I get on the radio, they always wanna preach and stuff, but it's like, it's really the core of who I am. And I literally made a promise to God when I was a kid. I said, if you make me famous, this is what I would do for you. Like, so if you say, is there, is there a energy pull? I I do believe people do make dark covenants and different things. And I do think people make light covenants. In this case, my, my covenant was, was, was a, was light. I was always, I was given to God as a child. You know, Emini here, symbol style. You know what Emini here with the anointed oil with. So when you not like that, but you, you can't get away from that. I've tried. I've tried. And, and so during your breakaway from Hollywood, that was your focus, like Emini here.


I know I saw some quotes that you said you wanted to just build community as well and kind of like Give back. Yeah, I built the community center and the community didn't show up. So I, I'm back. I was, I tried, I tried, I tried Charla man, I tried. I put in my PT O and y'all ain't even pop out Yt even shit. It's crazy. I gave hundreds of thousand dollars to this dude, this cult leader. We supposed to build a community. I can, I don't know what's about us trying to build a community together where it's like this forbidden thing in the matrix. And I justs wanted to challenge it And I realized that it's not really because we blame a lot of other nationalities and we gotta like you. Oh my God. We do though. But at the same time, it's like I dealt with only us for a, a long time and, and for seven years.


Mm. And I realized that we have to like, I went, I went, I went, I went to the mountain top. You know what Emini here, well Talk about what you're talking about. 'cause a lot of people might not know. So you decided to I tried to Made it a cult. So you decided to, was it joint Religion? Was it, no, it wasn't that. It's just the way, I wouldn't say religion. It was more so understand and leaders that take the Bible and twist it to, to control people. I would say, you know what, Emini here and that's what you were in. I didn't know I was in it. You never know when you were in the call that's you in No, you no truth. You learn truth. Well truth when people, man, when people tell you the truth, but then they take that truth for their own power.


That's when the truth is not, the call is not the problem. The teachers are usually the problem. You know what Emini here, the shepherds. That that say, okay, now that you know this, you know what Emini here, they start to, you know, you know what Emini here, gimme your wife outta it. Huh? Give you a wife. Right. He becomes like, wait a minute. What? You know what Emini here six says? Huh? Did they ask For your wife? You know what's funny? Jesus Christ. You got a Wife, You have, Huh? You got a wife now? You have a wife. Now listen, I'm, I'm, I'm not if you don't have robots was a long time ago. Okay. I don got four children. I, I'm grown. I know I got kids And I, but I, I thought I, let's get back to the first question. Yeah. If you don't feel Comfortable talking about it, that's cool too. Like, no, I'm trying to save it for the special.


But we could talk wish. I think it'll make it, I wish this is the interview for the special, but because I talk about it, the special, but we can Bring it back to the, The, I'm trying not to say jokes. That's in the special. Got you, got you got, you got. That's right. You see me? I, that's why I'm, I'm pandering because I'm got Wasn't poking a little bit, but like, I, Yeah. So to, but you really wanna know that the dramatic part of it, it was more, it, it was more so it wasn't a whole time. Seven years I was in the call. I, I literally was, I, I I start when you, when you're trying to go and build our community together, there's a lot of trauma. And I think people, when they, they hold on to the truth and, and, and understanding of some certain scriptures, they then put trauma on people.


Is that the best way I can say it? Yeah. So, And I, the person wouldn't say he's in a cult, but he's definitely in a cult Now. She asked about, you know, your wife and you know, there's a video of online talking about you redating your wife. Yeah. Yeah. Well it was your ex-wife technically though, right? And I Actually, I met your wife I think once Or twice. Yeah, You, that's why I was like trying to y'all back together, figure out where y'all are. Are Yeah. Did y'all figure that Out? Are we back together? Are we babe? No, I'm joking. You Calling it babe? That's y'all locked in. Listen, you know, it's funny. We, we, we try to keep everything very private now because we, people can just get in the way. But we definitely are a family and we definitely are. We love each other very well. Very much. And I would say that for me, I feel like that I didn't give her the best version of myself.


I would say that. Oh, wow. That's very interesting to hear you say, you Know what, Emini here. Yeah. It's like, I I'm very proud of you to hear you Say that, that, yeah. So I think that accountability is hard sometimes. Yeah. You gotta be accountable. I was, I was, I was, I wasn't, I wasn't the best husband and not because I was, I was just gone. I wasn't the guy she met. You know what Emini here I was Akma, bak. I don't know what my name was at the time. So you was like Martin with the Rob on Dragged out. Yeah, it was, that's not who she met. So, you know, it's like we can't eat this, we can't do that. You gotta sit down and all the submissive stuff. It's like you women and men submit to love. I learned we gotta submit to love. And love is, is, is what's the key. And I, when I say that is, is selfless sacrifice.


That's love. When you don't wanna do something and you do it because you love that person. I think that's the lesson I've, I've learned. And I'm still learning because sometimes I'm, I'm, I'm very generous, but I'm not selfless. You know what Emini here, how'd you get back to Brandon? Some prayers? My mama Jesus. Bring him out. Jesus. Say that. What did, what, what did God say? Like, I'm, I'm really interested In that. He said I went to the mountaintop and I I I seen it. I seen, I seen the light. You know, I seen the whole thing. I was in the, I was in the holy land and, and God spoke to me on the mountaintop. And you know what he said to me? He said, get back to work nigga. Get back to work. That's what he said. That's it. Go back to work. I was done. You know what Emini here and You do work meant acting. Yes.


And I do the whole thing. So he said, get back to work. And I felt it. And I was like, okay, it's time. You know what, Emini here. And it was cool because now I know my source. You know what Emini here. So what did God Say to you that made you step away then? He Just ripped everything from me. He just ripped it. It is like, just, just ripped it like, just as fast as he gave it to me. Now think about this. I did three minutes Laugh Factory, right? And became Rob Bon was my sec, my first audition got a a a, a agent at CAA, right from one one. It was a miracle to the fact that I made it because they was coming to see another comic at the time. And then they were like, what?


You know, you killed that set. You gotta stand ovation. Here's our card. I'm like, what's Kai agency? And didn't know what Kai was. You know what? Emini here it CAA, right? Yeah. CA Yeah, at the time. And then all my agents got me too. So that's ridiculous. But that's another story. Now, now, you know, I'm, I'm at Buck Wall, shout out to them. But I'm saying back in the day. But that was the start of like, the way the cosmic stuff happened, where I got moved to this, to that. And then it just, it just, it just, it happened so fast and it was like cosmic. It was like, okay, boom. Now you got audition for Road Bounce. Now you boom got that movie. Now you go wilding out. Nick Cannon is showing you wilding out on the set of road bounce.


Now you on that. Then you get a audition for Tropic Thunder. You don't get the part, then they call you back and then you get the part, you know what Emini here, it was always, it was always like that. I remember on club Sheha Cat Williams said, you, you only became successful after dressing like a woman. He did say that in Mama's House. Emini here. It's, it's the whole women dress thing. I'm so, it is, it is so hilarious that this conversation that never leaves the internet, by the way. I'm trying, I'm gonna give y'all a soundbite. I'll come here and give y'all y'all soundbite. You know the cool thing about Kat Williams, he, he has a cool way of, of, of, of, of getting people to listen. You know, he has a really strategic way of saying things that make people go, is that true?


You know? And he has a cool way of, of selling tickets doing that. He sold so many tickets. He sold my tickets with that shit. Mm. For real. When he said that my whole tour was sold, I was like, thanks Kat. So it's kind of like one of those things where no dress thing, you know, I'm so, I'm so partial to the, to how you look at things. You, you see it. So, so You have this error. I'm just gonna give you the history. Martin Lawrence missed do fire. All this stuff in the nineties were, there was no internet. Everybody was blind to it. Right? And then after that era, you have Dave Chappelle comes out on Oprah and says this thing that's, that was the start of it saying, okay, you see what I'm saying?


So they never thought about it. No one knew the conspiracies or whatever it is about this. Now think about it. A kid growing up in the nineties, right? Brandy Jackson watching everything. I'm watching Shana Na I'm watching Martin, I'm watching everything. Right? Johnson, mama, mom, grandma mom, my mom. You know, it was on Jamie Fox wa do internet. Yeah. So you, you look at, you have this, this, this knowledge of you of these things. You know, you looking at it, if there was something wrong, why don't we as men come to that person and say, Hey, hey man, look, you should do some research on this. I believe this is a dark energy with that. You know what, Emini here, Kat never did that.


I respect him very much, but he never mentored. And that's why the mentorship in our, in our community, especially with black men, we don't, we just wanna say things in the media instead of calling somebody up. So what is your intentions to really save me and help? Or is your attention to bash my brand so you can look better? 'cause when Martin came to me and said this play, this play in the movie, I was like, yes, I'm 25. You gonna pay me $3 million to work with Martin Lawrence? You know what I'm saying? He had this big ring, he's eating steak. I'm like, I want, I want, you know what, Emini here, you're 25. I did that. No, I did that movie at 24, fresh off Tropic Thunder. So it was like, no one's thinking about any of that stuff. So if that was the case, 'cause he said on the interview, exact words was he said, y'all don't want me, y'all want Brandon T Jackson.


Right? And I'm looking at him on that. I'm like, so wait, you knew they were gonna come from me, right? Like, and you told them to kind of, you, you tip them and say, y'all need to go get Brandon T Jackson. So was that kind of pimping me out to the Illuminati? Or was there in his mind or what? I'm Do you feel like Comedians wearing dress as Illuminati though? No. I'm saying that's what he's saying. What do you, What do You think though? What do I feel? I feel that, I feel that was it Lu Emini here? I don't, I don that's what I'm saying. I don't it, I don't, it's, it is Miss Doubtfire Illuminati. It's like, no, no. So when it's black is like, I don't know, one is us. I don lil, but I don't think so.


But one is white people is comedy. To Your point, I, I'm, I'm older than you. I'm 46. But when I was younger I just thought it was funny. Yeah. I thought it was funny. I know That ain't never cro nothing else ever cropped. Not even gay. Like, not even only gay. It just was, I just thought it was funny. I feel like when I moved to LA is when I started hearing that like black men wear dresses, whatever, whatever. And I was like, what? I just thought it Was funny too. I see both points to, to the defense. I never, in our dramatic arts doing the history, we never had those type of, that came from Greek and Roman Greco Romans, you know what Emini here. And so if you say you're gonna be pro black and pro this and this is what we are, this is what we do. That was never our art form doing that. As far as as I can study, when I study ancient art, ancient folk tales, ancient storytelling.


We never did that as far as I know. So when people say, Hey look, that is a Greek, Roman situation, then, you know, that could be, that's an argument there. 'cause we, we probably learned it from them. So if you, if you saying this is how our nationality and what we do and we're sticking together, then there's other nationality that said we're Americans and this is just art. So I've, I've, I've, I've I Just say this, people think that I, I think I said this one, the interview that the dress ruined. I think they, they actually, they said, I saw You said that. You said it was a, you said, you admit, you said your career went downhill after big mama's house. You believe it was cursed because nothing went right since then since you wore The dress. And that's exactly, yeah.


But but you gotta look at it. That's also when my mind was in a certain place too. So I would say, right. I, I would say when I straight away from my principles is when is when I, when when things got bad. Got you on my personal life. You can't blame. That's what I'm saying. You can't blame, you know, your agent, you know what Emini here or whatever. People like to blame Hollywood. You know what Emini here it is not Hollywood. It's, it's what you do with the power Emini here. Once I learned that, I'm like, it's not, it's no Hollywood's no, to me, there's no invisible ghost that's trying to, it's like God, universe, whatever you wanna call it. I say most high gives you a a, it gives you a, a choice to go down these, these, these pathways to learn.


And I don't really believe there's any wrong choices. I believe that you're learning a lesson that you have to go to get to where the most high hat wants you to be, to learn as a human. 'cause we're still learning. We still, we don't know the extent of God's love and we don't know the extent of his judgment. We just don't know. So if you have these lessons, you're learning. I know I would never do it again. Well, Who's helping Brandon right now going through all these and the ups and downs and the pitfalls to make sure that you mentally are okay. Like, who's helping you out during that process? Because, 'cause just talking to you, it seems like it was, it's been a lot on a, on a young kid in the industry. That's like, I don't know who's helping Brandon. If anybody, You know what my, my my, my, my father I got, I got a, I got a, I got an amazing father and mother that, that just I can talk to.


Like that's not, you know what Emini here, my and my fast nine of us. I called my brother up. Like I met Holly Berry the other day And I told her I seen a picture. You posted? Yeah. And I told her, I said, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm taking, you can't, you can't have me. No Frito. I was, I was so nervous, man. When I met Holly Berry, I, I ratted off five movie titles for, to remember who I was. She know who the hell was. She was like, who I was like, was Tropic Thunder. She was like, Hmm. I was like, big Mama. She's like, huh? And she's like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like, damn, which One did she say? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tropic Thunder. That was, She knew the movie, but she ain't know you was there. She Was like, which black guy? I'm like, come on, Jesus. Well you a lot younger. Like, you know what Emini here. I don know I was a lot younger, but it was pretty busy. How'd That make you feel Emini here?


Holly Berry. I, I feel Emini here. I was just happy to take a picture with her. She's beautiful man. And she's very sweet, very, very nice Emini here. I'm not that that, it doesn't, it doesn't bother all honestly, I, I hate to say it, but I really don't care too much anymore about the stuff, the Hollywood stuff. What I gotta do with how I find Holly Berry is No, I'm saying like, she's, I don see her as a human. I, I like, oh, okay, okay, okay. You know what? Emini here, I don, I don't because she was so dope. She just fine Emini here. At first I'm like, damn, I like Barry, you know what Emini here? And I'm like, And I, And I found myself rattling off these things And I could see her face like, Just say what up? You know what Emini here? Like, hi, own. And when I saw that she was normal, by the Way, that's very Hollywood of you. What It start rallying up on your movies?


I was nervous. I don dunno what to say. Damn. Was Brandon Media? I was nervous, bro. I was NI was so nervous when I, I was nervous, man. I, where'd you meet her? Where was she at? She was in the, in the, in, in the Delta One Sky Lounge. What? Yeah. Wow. Oh. So she was there for a minute. You could have Emini here. She had a boyfriend now. And, and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm taken right now. I Wanna ask you, you said you, you mentioned your brothers and your father. What did they say when you put on the dress? Emini here. No one said anything. No one said nothing until Kat Williams said something. And that's my point. Like, I'm Wondering, I'm wondering, did it bother you? It never bothered you until somebody said something about it. Because that's, that's the most fascinating Thing to me. Oh, what he's trying to say. When people have no problem with something, your conscience is fine with it.


You know, you, your spirit is cool with it. But then soon as somebody else says something now you like, what's the issue now? Yeah. Why? Well, it wasn't just that. It was more so


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Before We get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag. Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


My my bro, I stayed in Atlanta for Like eight months after that. Just doing music. I, I don't, I lost my mind on that movie. I don't know what happened. You know what Emini here, I think I I it was, it definitely was something that wasn't right on that movie. I would say spiritually I would say that now I can't explain it bro. 'cause a 'cause 'cause I, I, I stayed, my agent called me. We got this new bro. If you find out the stuff I turned down, tell us. Nah, it's, it is depressing. But if you find out stuff I turned down while they were getting me to try to get out of Atlanta. My manager had to get me out of Atlanta and move me. I had this big penthouse. It was just wild. I was wilding, bro. I don't even know why. I don't know if I was subconsciously trying to escape stuff.


But then that's when I had my first, my first daughter got, you know, I can't talk about it. 'cause you know, I don't feel like no court stuff coming. I'm over here crying on here like Tyrese and stuff. But I don't want to ha I got, we have the same issues that, you know, I I I'm trying to, I I can't say too much, but I will say this, that that started my legal battles personally. That movie, when it came down to me having a child, going through child support court, going through all that stuff. That was, that was the movie that that happened. But That could have been because Oh, Exactly. It could have been me. It's Personal. You're doing it with Martin. It was a big movie.


It was promoted everywhere. Yeah. In a lot of ways. It's like, oh, he on on now. Yeah. Just Understanding the impact of all of that as somebody who you weren't, like you said you didn't have, like, no one called you and said, Hey, this is how this is gonna go. This is how this feel. No one mentored cat, none of them mentored us. They always talking in the media. Just, you gotta, I have a whole mentorship program that I do. It is, it is called Making a Brand where we building businesses and, and really teaching financial literacy. I do that now. 'cause nobody be telling us how to do this. I get it now though. It's kind of like you're navigating a room in a dark, trying to find a light. Like the, the light switch when somebody's literally over there at the light switch and they're like, oh, he'll figure it out because you're doing well. And that, that's tough. You know what I can say, who did mentor me a little bit? Sinbad was a, he's a great, great mentor.


Oh, that's amazing. Luther Sinbad Sinbad is one of the dopest and his brother Mark Atkins, he was one of the first ones that would show me around. That was, that was the guy that was really showing me how this works. And you know, he, he was the only like, I would say, the only mentor I had. But yeah, 19. My dad didn't know nothing about Hollywood and Right. And how things go. And then he knew, you know, you, and I'm not making excuses, but we don't mentor other talents and, and and, and, and even financially. You know, you, you know, I I've been through so much where I lost everything with my, you know, that lottery ticket scene was real in real life. You know what, Emini here, I went broke, I lost everything.


And then God just restored it all. Just p dope. P Emini here I'm rich again. Emini here to praise God. I'm, I'm making a lot of money and it's a blessing. I'm not saying that to, to brag, but it's like as, as, as quick as it left it, it, it came, it came back. I wonder, right? 'cause you know, I I've seen you reference the scripture, Deuteronomy 22, 5. And you said that's one of the re like, I guess that paraphrasing, but that scripture kind of forbids cisgender men from wearing women's clothes. Am I getting that right? Say it again. Deuteronomy 22 5. Why? I I'm I'm rusty right now. What does that say? Deutero Hold, let me pull that. That that think is Leviticus. It's a Leviticus. Oh. But it's a line from the Bible that some people believe forbid cisgender men from wearing women's clothing.


What, what, What's, what's The, oh, let me pull up Description. Leviticus 2025. Is it? I thought it was Deuteronomy 2025. Nah, I'm asking. Nah, it's Leviticus. Leviticus Also. Nah, it is 22. It's Deuteronomy. Deuteronomy, yeah. A state, A woman shall not wear a man's garment nor Shaw a man put on a woman's clothing for anyone who does such things as an abomination to the Lord your God. According To scripture. Yeah, according to Scripture. So, so why did it hurt other people, other people's Careers before? No, I'm saying no. That, that, when did I, we're I caught with that? You saying why did that Hurt? I Just say this on comedy hype. Yeah. Okay. I'm Saying but why did, why didn't other other people put the dress on? It didn't hurt their careers. So why do you think it, why do you think God cursed you? Emini here.


That's an old, that's an old song. But I believe I cursed myself with, with, with, when it comes down to not following. I'll tell you this. If you don't, if you don't follow the ways for me, if I don't follow the ways of the most, I I tried it. I believe you, I'm saying with you, my shit went down. You know what? Emini here. He Said I exactly, I do one thing. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna test that anymore. But I would say I, I can't say it. I can't say what God, that's what we don't know. God's grace and his love for other people. I can't say you just know What he told you to do and you didn't. He never told me not to wear a dress. You know what, Emini here, not like that. He never said that. He never told me not to work with Martin. But he, what I, what I would say is that once I had, once I learned that scriptures, that's when I started to realize was it this?


And I think a lot, I was doing a lot of pre-interviews while learning, learning the learning scripture. And I think I was talking too much on the internet without getting full knowledge of the, of the things. Maybe it was, maybe, maybe it was, maybe it was that, maybe it wasn't. But I would say this, I would say that that experience brought me to a place where I got closer. I got closer with God to understand his mercies. I know it's mercies And I know it's judgment from, from me. So I can't say Emini here. I seen some people sniff cocaine and go up Emini here. You know, you know what Emini here did? Did you ever get caught into that? That, that Hollywood life of the drugs and drinking? Nah, I don't do, nah. Emini here, I drink.


But like, sometimes, you know what, Emini here, I'm have a drink after this. But we don't get drunk Emini here. I don't, you know, never got into that. I smoked weed Emini here. It ain't not. But now I'm more like, you know, I'm kind of on my health stuff now. But Emini here, who didn't? I never got into the, the, the exercise, the hard drugs. Right? No Emini here. Nah. For What? I have a question now. 'cause it seems like you're in a lot. Like you're in a more restored place. Yeah. You restored my soul, right? Yeah. Emini here. It gives that, it feels like you kind of working through things or have worked through things. Have you had a conversation with Kat Williams at this point about the stuff that was said? Or would You I've been trying to have a, he keep running around the internet. I can't get, Kat called me like, it's easy. It's not, I could Were y'all cool before? I've always been a fan of Kat. He said never meet your heroes. I've always been a fan.


I love Kat Williams. Wow. Like, it hurts me to hear him say these, these are my mentors. You know what Emini here. So he was a mentor before? No, in my, in in your head. In, in, in the, in, in my head, no, in in the media. Like these are my, my comedic mentors. I'm studying these guys. Like These are people you looking up to. I wonder why you though? Why did he, why, why would you Talking? I, me too. My mom like why Cat always talking about you. I'm like, mom, I don't, he everybody capable everybody didn't he? He did. But he been talking about me for years. Like it's been since we was, since I was like 23, 24. You said It's been like 20 some years. Right? He Keep going with it. I'm like, what? Like, I don't know man. But I, I would love to sit down and have a conversation with Kat Williams just to be like, nigga, why you?


What's the problem? You know what Emini here. If whatever his reason is, it is like Emini here. I really don't, I really don't care. But I really wouldn't know. Like, why you keep talk. What's the, what is the the social media Allure. Allure of me. Like, talk about somebody else. You think if the Percy Jackson franchise would've went a different way, Emini here. Not Percy Jackson. Percy. What was the Percy, what was the Percy? Percy Jackson. Percy Jackson, right? Yeah. Percy Jackson. If that franchise would've went a different way, you think things would've been different for you? What you Mean? I have if the, if they would've had more success. What do you mean different from me Career wise? Because everybody was saying that was supposed to be like the next Harry Potter franchise and Emini here. You see what it did? Harry Potter did for Daniel Radcliffe.


Like, what You think that would've been the same for you? I don't know. I-I-I-I-I had fun. We did that at Vancouver and we had a good time Emini here And I love my path. My path is dope. Like who The comeback here. That's a bad, who wants to watch somebody on top all the time? Michael B. Jordan always got muscles. You know what, Emini here, I love it. Emini here. I don't have muscles all the time. You know what Emini here, like, you know what Emini here, like, I, I, even, even Jonathan Majors, you know what Emini here? Yeah. He like, he's coming back and, and and doing his resilience. And it's all about what story I believe. I believe we actually write our stories too. I believe subconsciously we co-write with God personally. This is my, my saying is, I want none of y'all people to hitting me up.


Like God ain't the Bible. But I would, I would say that we're co-creators with our decision making to learn the best thing. And I think I, I actually, I think subconsciously I I, I wrote this story, you know, I don't like to Emini here. It is not fun to watch somebody. The hero got it. The flawed hero. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know what Emini here, I'm the flawed hero. I might get drunk sometimes. You know what Emini here, I wore a dress and got mad and got on the internet and said everyone's going to hell. And then you know what? Emini here it come back with a number one TV show. That's that's a cool ass story. I agree. Emini here. It's interesting because it feels like you've made your own choices every step of the way. I did.


Probably not knowing, I Was gonna say some of 'em seem like on accident. I think it's Insta I think it's God leading me. And I said they say lead you in the path of righteousness. Not to get so deep, but Emini here it like, he he has And even when I make mistakes, his That's what I'm saying. I can't say why that didn't curse. Somebody else can't say why this, this, that. And I can't say it really cursed me. 'cause I, in that interview I was deep in new understanding. When you have new understanding, you're not supposed to even speak out about that. So I would even, I would say that, that that movie led me down a path for me to learn whatever lesson I need to learn. Whether it was humility, because Emini here, people said it back in the day, I was cool, but I was very arrogant. Arrogant, yeah.


But I was just, I Emini here. I grew up in a two-parent home. My dad owns a network, you know what I'm saying? He put confidence and faith in me. So I was never trying to be, and that's the thing about Black Legacy, we say we want family business, we want legacy. But then when y'all, when people see it, they, they want to talk against it. This everybody want they cheer. I, I watch, I watch his ig like, like, and my my wife be, I can't spin like that yet. Y'all, y'all don't know the way, the way yo that y'all be. Y'all be killing it. I love, I Love, I love my family. That's, Listen, I love it. I love I work for them. I know, me too. I'm trying to get on your level, but I'm saying what, what you, what you do is, is, is so dope.


You know, it's such an inspiration for people with family, family, man, you know what? Emini here. And we need to see that, that legacy, you know, you know what Emini here, we wanna see our kids live great too. And be Humble. The reason not do that is because there's a lot of people that didn't show that. Like, you know, exactly. We Charlemagne talk all the time about raising our kids. There's no instruction manual. So you've gotta figure it out on your own. Same thing with relationships. There's no instruction manual. Love it. So a lot of times you think you're dealing with it by yourself. So when you do things, whether it's infidelity or insecurity or whatever it may be, raising your kids, there is nobody to be like, damn, I fucked up. Is it just me? So that's why I put so much, I put the good to bad. I love it. And I write, you know, the books me, real life real, the family, real life, real love.


Because I want people to know that you're not the only one. You make mistakes and it's okay to, to come back and fuck with people say me and he'll make fun of me and, and shit make fun of me, me. But it's all love regardless. I know that these people love me. You make funny yourself. You be putting crazy. Exactly. Nobody makes fun of you. You just goofy telling. I know what you mean. It's leg. I'm legacy is legacy. They thought I was arrogant. I was walking in legacy. You were. That's right. You see, you see the confidence that his kids have, they walking in legacy. They can say My my father's there, my father not I was that my, my grandfather Horace Jackson got rest his soul. He got, we got streets named out them in Detroit. You know what Emini here, we just built a a, a school in Ghana, Horace Jackson, a technology university in Ghana.


Like, we gotta do these things where it's not just about being famous, wearing sunglasses, smashing chicks. It's time to build legacy. And that's what I'm on. I'm, I'm not trying to just be, okay, I'm Branchy Jackson, I'm past, I'm Branch Jackson stuff. We're trying to build family and businesses. I know that's a plug, but that's what we doing. Right. Family and businesses, bro. You know what Emini here, the legacy that, But you Right. And Emini here, it's good to see you back in a, a mentally healthy emotionally sound space. Yeah, I think so. Anyway. Absolutely. I think it's dope. And I, that's, that's why I I don't even really wanna talk to you no more because I really wanna see your standup because I feel like, I feel like all the answers are in the standup and then we can have a deeper conversation. Yeah, it's, It's, it's, it's it's, it's funny because it's, it is drama And I, I'm funny.


I'm not really, I was, I was talking to my, my agent about this. I'm funny in a drama. If you notice everything I've done that was like Emini here. Honestly, I don I'm not supposed to say this, but I don't care. Oh, I don't think Big Mama House is a good movie. I think it's a horrible movie personally. So To be honest with you, I don't even remember Big Mama. Exactly. I remember. Why do you think it's a horrible movie? She's like, it's a good movie, Emini here. Why? Because I, because when you have a Tropic Thunder palette in offense, when you're around those dudes that are writing like, like, like Danny McBride, Justin Thoreau, they writing the highest octane of high level satire. Mel Brooks, when you study comedy slapstick, I don't like slapstick. I I'm not as you feel like those low bar comedy. Like, it was like easy punchline it slap.


I'm not a slapstick artist. I'm, I'm funny in a drama. You know who the best was? That was Eddie. He was always funny in dramas. Beverly's Cop is a drama. Martin does better. And he actually both, he does great with slapstick 'cause his whole show with slapstick. But Martin's Martin's One of the best physical comedians ever. Yeah. Physical comedians. But he can do both. Martin and the Dr. Bad Boys is a drama. Mm. Life was a drama. Life was a drama. Yeah. So when, when, that's why I'm like, big Mama slapstick it, you know, you know, it's not, it's its not challenging. I yeah, it's phoning it in, getting a check, dressing up. It's, it is. So, but now with this, this film I have with Family Business Emini here, it, it is people like, man, you, your acting is, I'm like, it's good.


I didn't know you can do drama. I like drama's. Drama's easy, comedy's hard. So I think I'm, I'm the king of dramedy. I would say I can do both. I can do drama, comedy, you know what, Emini here very evenly, I think. What's it special? It's called Chest Out. I'm saying, but what is it? Is it it a dramedy, is it more of a drama Special? Okay. I would say Emini here. It's, it is not like, it's not as heavy as, as Jamie's was, but it's, it is definitely, it's, it's the, the, the, the through line is drama. You know what, Emini here, leaving your wife and going to Damn Nashville. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know what? Emini here and, and, and, and, and, and, and white coats and, and, and sheets and stuff. And your wife is sitting at home like, you know what, Emini here, where's my husband at?


When does that come out? When can We see that? If y'all keep shouting out, we get a, a, a great deal. So We're in negotiations with like two networks right now. So I just like, I don I don't Emini here. Netflix, y'all, y'all say y'all gonna spend 18 billion on content. Come on. I, I really, I really like Netflix because I think they know what to do. Amazon's been great with specials lately. You know, you know what's, you know what's funny? People get, people hate on Tuby. First of all, I love tuby movies, by the way. Reakfast Club is on Tuby. Yeah, I know. Yes. Love tuby.


I gotta deal with Tuby actually. And my bros are, people in Detroit are making mad beautiful and they owning their piece so Directly too fun money directly at First. You should meet, you should meet people where they are. It's a lot of us on Tuby. I love the, I love Tuby Tubby ISS great too. At first it was, you know, it kind of got random. Like you wasn't get Denzel Washington, you get Denzel Washington. You know what Emini here be some bootleg Denzel. And then, you know, Ethan Hawk, Evan Falcon, sorry, I'm sort of Ethan Hawk, but no, but now it's like, I feel like we laugh at that, but then you start seeing all these producers come up. You know what, Emini here, Detroit, all my bros shout out to Dennis Reed, man, Robinson.


All these guys that, that are killing it, the film game and Tuby iss definitely an option. I love Tuby Tuby ISS great. They're, they're definitely an option with that. So I could keep my ownership, you know what I'm saying? So it's, we will see. But was The Dr was it special therapeutic for you? Oh, hell yeah. Yes. Yes. And you know, you know, I, I would say Terrence, me and Terrence talk a lot. Terrance Terrance is, oh, Terrance Howard. No. See Terrence Howard. We talk a lot about how, how we're not under, we both Pisces. So a lot of people don't understand, you know, the vicious fishes. Right. We got one fish that, you know, I would say it, it is very composed and other fish, a little cra I wouldn't say crazy, but we, we, he emotional I would say.


And we talk about how we we're misunder or I'm eccentric, so we're misunderstood. You know what Emini here. So when I, when I, when Terrance, me and him, you know, we talk a lot about, you know, he, what he goes through. How he Go Ahead. I'm sorry. No, he's just like, he's actually right about what he's said, but nobody, he's in the special actually. Yeah. I don't think you're misunderstood. People just don't know the story. You got seven years. I'm talking about Terrance. I know, but I'm talking about you. Yeah, no, you got seven years to fill in. And I think that's the, the special is going do it. We only knew What we saw, like media-wise and like little bits of things here and there like, so Yeah. We just randomly say stuff. Yeah. When you with Randall, that's right. And when you would say it, the boy would it go, it would be everywhere. I didn't even know that.


And you Don't want us to listen to YouTube? No, you don't. You do. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? The deep Dives on you get a little crazy. I knew you was gonna go here too in this interview. I'm happy you did. Because no one really actually talk about, you know, where have I been in that, in that layers and, and even to be mature enough to, to, to speak about it in a way where I'm, I'm not emotional about it. I'm not hurt, I'm healed. And to see, to see where I'm at now is a blessing. But I would, I would say this that I would say that I would, it was a spiritual hazing also. I think God was, was, was, was tested me. He does this a lot with, with people in that's, you know, I'm gonna say, I hate that word chosen, but people that he has a purpose for.


He'll rip everything from you to see if you still going to be with him. That's right. If you love, And I don't even say him, but it, if you love it, or the most high, if you love more than your, your, your career. More than everything, more than your family. And he did it the joke. He ripped everything from it. That's right. That's right. And I guess I got, I think I passed the test. I don't want to go through that again. I tell you that, did You see Kyrie Irv other night when he tore his ACL? No. He had tears in his eyes and he went to the free throw line and you know, 'cause he, he, he had to take this two shots before he exited the game. Yeah, he had both of, Hmm. He hit one and right before the second one he said, thank you, God. Wow. With the torn. They said he knew something was completely wrong, probably knew this is really bad injury.


He said, thank you God. Yeah. So it's just like, you know, we like to give praise to God when things are going good. But if you really, truly are a believer, if you really truly have faith, you gonna thank God when things are good and bad. So-called bad because I don't believe in either. I don't believe in so-called good or so-called bad. I believe everything's just part of a process. That's what I'm learning. That's why I'm getting to that process. It's a yeah. You on a journey. We all on a journey. You at a different chapter in your life right now. BTJ be the journey, right? Huh. How did all of this though, like the stuff that you went through and then once you're healed, like then you come back to acting with like family business. How do, what are you channeling from all of this in your role now? Because I think in this role I was more surprised to see you be like, serious, the bad guy. Like not the bad, but like, there's like guns and it's like, like, I don't know, you were just always so clean to me in like, a lot of the work that you do country.


Oh, I'm more Angie now. Yeah. Like, and so how are you channeling that? Or is that even a thing in the family business New Orleans? You know, you know, its, it's funny because it, my, we had a, we had a, my dad had a, a shoe company called Wayne t Shoes back in the day in Detroit. The middle of Detroit place would get robbed and stuff. But we would run the store. And that, that is the, like, even though I grew up in the hood and the suburbs, I would say my, my my my my seven mile Woodward businessman watching my dad run a business. Guns, you know what Emini here, I wouldn't say too much, but like people would try to rob the bi.


We had the Gators and everyth people try to, the Coolies and all that. People try to rob the, you know, we would have, you know, we would have to, you know, chase him off and do this. So I I, I remember the times when my dad would, you know, I remember this one time this trucker pulled, pulled us over my dad. Hopefully he, he'll get mad for telling the story. 'cause my dad was, you know, he from the streets before he became a pastor drug dealer. Before he became a pastor, which is mostly Detroit preachers. So he still had that edge and everything. So I remember one time this truck pulled us over, Emini here ran us off the road. My dad's like five eight. He's like my size five eight. And I watched him pull this trucker out, this white trucker with a trucker had out of the freaking car, car.


He was like six maybe, maybe 6 2, 6 3, pulled him on the ground and was like, Nick, I can't say the N word right? You can say it again. He say, he was like, nigga, if you ever mess with my family, I was like, yo. So I slim my dad roar as a lion. And the dude was, he was jacking him up. My mom was like, stop, stop, stop. So I, I'm challenge, I'm channeling my father kind of. That's your character in the show. He very protective over. Yeah. He's very, yeah. I'm channeling that, that energy that is really not mine. It's really my dad's energy. 'cause I, I grew up pretty, you know, pretty, pretty cool. You know, I didn't really have, I'm not going to be like, I'm, I grew up nice, but we also grew up running businesses in Detroit.


The church was over here. The shoe store was called Street. I had to watch Shoe store. I had to shine the shoes. I had to watch the register. So I grew up in the family business. So I, I'm, I'm challenging. I'm channeling that. The white side you see is my West Bloomfield, you know, all white neighborhood. I got both, you know what Emini here. That's kind, that's why my jacket probably look like this. I got, I'm a, a variation of things. You know what? Emini here. So We look forward to seeing you and Chris Weber as the family business. Call Weber. Call Webber. Call Webber a Chris Weber call Weber. And also when we, when your special come on, come back up so we can talk about that Special. I would love to send it To me man. I Wanna watch the I am, I'm, I'm listen And I, I'm, it's fine. You can gimme your, your honest opinion. I've, I've, I've, I've, I've what I would say, I, I screened it for a lot of people and, and it got it, it got in a lot of festivals that it, my agents said don't put into festivals 'cause we want to present it, you know, a certain way.


But it, it got a lot of good reviews from a lot of people that watched it. So, I don't know. Actually, I, I love Germany. European actually counts to me in comedy. Okay. Because I know you're a tough, you're, you're, you're a tough critic. You're analytical too. So I could see when you're like watching, you know, like you say you like when they bomb watching people figure it out. I do, I do. I love dramedies too. Dramedies iss my dramedy specials. Like, I love, I think Neil b Brendan did a phenomenal job with three mics. Yeah. He Did a great job With that. And I love Kevin Hart's last one. The reality check. Yeah, it was good. I thought that was really good. And I like Andrew SHO's new one. The life. Yeah, Andrew, because He's talking about him and his wife's difficulty of having a child. But it was his fault. Yeah.


He had the weak sperm. And I, it's, it's, I I like, I like seeing people process their traumas through comedy. Yeah. My next one's classy rebel. I wanna, I wanna talk about, I'm talking about the, The World man. I'm just tired of these, the viewpoints of politics and all this. I'm thinking I'm might go a little political on this next one. I remember, I remember you said you hate the fake woke. Fake Woke people. Oh, I hate the fake woke movement. I hate fake revolutions. Yeah. Like, If We don do it, let's do, I don't, like I don't, I don't do fake. I, 'cause I was ready, I was the only one ready to really ride. That's why I was ready to go, y'all. I created my own currency. I was, we was going and nobody came. I was the only one. What You so ready?


You had, you Had your own currency a whole Yeah, we had a whole thing. A crypto Currency. No, it wasn't crypto. It, it actually could still work if you do it right. But what was it? It was called love notes. You remember that? Love notes. Oh, Like usher bucks. No, no, no, no. It's not love Usher. Where do you spend them? Well, The infrastructure for it was, it, it wasn't gonna, it actually it stimulate the American economy and our own economy at the same time. So it was, it was actually a, I don't want to actually give this away because somebody might try to do it, but I could give enough away. I would say that because I'm not gonna give you the infrastructure, but the way it will work, we would actually could pay things forward for people and from their businesses. We, it was creating an ecosystem for African Americans without hurting.


'cause when you, when you just take your own and say, we gonna be our separate, forget that. They gonna always shut that down. So it was like, how do you barter with all Americans? How do you barter with white Americans and how you barter with, 'cause you still gotta do business. So in this case, it was like, let's not be just fully Marcus Garvey in a situation. Let's stimulate our economy and, you know, and our ecosystem, but let's also take it and out their, their ecosystem. So it was more of a coupon system that, that paid things forward for people. That created an economi. It was called Love notes. So it was selfless sacrifice of love notes. You can, you can pay things forward and had a little card and everything. I got, I got the whole financial system to help to back me and everything.


And then, and then Nobody showed up, showed up. I would pay to listen to a phone conversation between you and Terrance Howard. I know you told Terrence that. Terrance, I got the math for that man. He, do you see what I'm Well he actually does. I got the math for that, Mike. It actually works too. If you, if you really, it's, it's, it's, we're actually free if you really, if you really know the knowledge of it. Yeah. Well, we're actually free guys. We're not really, I don't think we're in captivity. I Agree. Well, it's Brandon T Jackson. Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. Yes sir. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Ever wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body. You don't have time for guesswork. You need ome. Forget all the generic health fads. Ome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome. Viome delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion. Viome has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to viome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in the tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Experience vibrant senior living with award-winning services at BrightView Senior Living Communities at BrightView, our residents enjoy resort style amenities, daily programs, exciting social and cultural events, and delicious chef prepared meals. But that's not all BrightView. Residents also enjoy complimentary transportation, safety, security, and high quality care if needed. BrightView Senior Living communities. Learn more about the possibilities@brightviewseniorliving.com.


Id tech. The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people. The coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell, spinning battle bots, people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and use code ID tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer.