
With the holidays right around the corner, Macy's has got you covered from home decor to holiday fashion. Erin, make this season stylish by letting Macy's be your guide to gifting and hosting this holiday season. Yeah, you can give Love, give style. You can shop at macy's dot com or visit a store near you


Now streaming on Prime Video. You can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch This serial killer. I don't kill For a foot. And created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks He's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another Chance. Clock's ticking. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime. Video watch now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan serious stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five court bowl that can whip up a nine yes nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift the whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off. Select furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up. Anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024. Which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Y'all try to rob her. Last time she was so she brings all her jewelry with her. Now she got every piece of jewelry with her in that case. She said you And I ain't leaving nothing home. Morning. Yes. Fuck that. She got 10 Birkins outside. She got 20 Chanel bags. She got everything with her today. Ladies and gentlemen, we have cash Dog. Welcome. Cash. What's up baby? I'm In no boot. Yes. No, I'm not joking. Why you got all your jewelry? Why you got so All of it? That's Just Oh, I just seen your big bin. Yeah, Just a little bit. Okay. But whatever I do travel with, I just You know.


Keep it with me instead of leaving in that hotel And shit. Hotel, you don't play that game, huh? That shit is sketchy. You know that you got valuables You know that you don't. That's A lot of money, man. Shit. That's right. It's hard to even get insurance on this shit now. So you gotta protect your investments, man. That's right. For sure. But how you feeling? I'm feeling, I'm feeling good. You feeling good? Okay. I got some rest last night. Okay. So I'm, I'm in there. Especially Since baby girl. How you feeling? You got your girl and your boy girl. Yes you do too. What's up? Yep. I sure did. What's on? But I feel good. I'm just blessed man. Them kids is my world. Yeah. They like, I love them kids so bad. I, I hate being away from 'em, but I know that's a part of the job.


You know. But they motivate me. They motivate me to get out here and do different things to make money where I ain't gotta leave as much. You know what I'm saying? And. I. Just see life different man. I mean, I'm enjoying myself a little more too. Yeah. It's like mama fun is different. Yeah. It's like you drink different. That fun. You this fun. Gotta count bitch. We're supposed to have a good time. I'm gonna away for my kids. We better have a good time. I make It worth my While. Make it worth my while. 'cause I go back home and lay up and cuddle with my little snuggles. That's right. You know. So it Take the cool outta you too. Like you think you cool If you got kids doing all type of donky stuff, you'd be like, like I would've never did that before. You, Like, you made me corny a little bit.


But no, I, I'm feeling good though. I'm in a good space today. Nice. Yeah. You know every day, every day. But today I'm feeling good. That's Good. Yeah. Now you said you wanna stay home now that, that's not possible in this industry between acting music on tour. So that must, this must be your last album. If you say you wanna stay home more, 'cause the last, there's no way The last dial. So it Is, It's the last You know what it can mean so many ways because my indecisive Pisces ass, you just don't know. Right. So The Last Doll could mean I'm changing my name. Got you. The Last Doll could mean clarity is The, Last, Doll The. Last. Doll could mean I'm tying my tubes and it better not be no goddamn more dolls to come out.


God damn it. Or The Last. Doll could mean whatever the case may be. However I'm feeling I covered all ground. So all Yeah, that's what that meant. Damnit at that time. Yeah. Okay. I have been saying that you did wanna drop the Doll from your name though. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm just grown. I'm grown. Yeah. I'm grown. That's how I feel right now. I'm grown and I'm tired of the Doll shit. And it was just You know. And then also of course I can't deny that it's just been too many. Yeah. And I hate that You know. I can't even be in a regular rap conversation. 'cause it's like, what about the Dolls? Who's the best Doll, da da da da. And that shit is aggravating. Yeah. As fuck You know and not nothing to the girls You know. Yeah. 'cause we all had You know we squashed.


I ain't, I ain't got no feeling to them. But I can't help how I feel You know. So I kinda want my own identity. What took you so long that for your sophomore album? Because this is The Last Dollar is a Sophomore album. I know, right Jess? It took a long time. I yeah. You know what's so crazy. I never fucking noticed it. Yeah. Until I Never noticed it took that long that it took No, I was enjoying my dumb ass self. Like why didn't it wrong with me that wrong that long? Because it was like, I did, I I wasn't as consistent. But You know when you have teams and different labels, you don't mentally be there. You know. And it took me a while to register. Like, damn, I really haven't dropped a project in five years. That's crazy.


Yeah. And I'm wondering why I'm not getting the things that I want. So now I'm like, I'm in a position. I have a great team, a better system and more motivation. And now I'm ready to, 'cause I just dropped a a a a project last year With DJ Drama. Yeah. With DJ Drama. And then I'm Dropping an album this year. This the most assistance I've ever been in my life. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So now I'm like, all right, I'm in there. 'cause now I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. So I'm finally there. It took time. Y'all, I was traumatized from being locked in that contract and shit. I was traumatized. Yeah. So now I'm finally like, damn, I can just do me have more creative control. Just do me and just put it out and go by my business. Yeah. Well You know. You know the, But that's where I'm at now.


The the main reason I think You know where I don't think I missed you as much because you were always on a blog. Like some people you don't see and you, they they just disappear. Yeah. But you be on the blog for your hair, like your hair be on the block. They be like, here comes cast all again with that hair. I see. I'm like, cash got a new record. Here come cash again. It be her hair, like your hair got names, like there nicknames. Right. No bitches be switching out. Them bitches be switching out. Yeah. Listen And look, I just had a show in Detroit. Right. And I was like And, I You know I talk to to Cash all the time. And she was like, what's up? You coming to the city, you need your hair done. And. I was like, oh my god, bitch I didn't, but I was like, shit. Yeah. But I ain't had enough time to get a done.


I was so Mad. You in and out. Yeah. So I Started to hit her back. Like, do I still got that favorite? 'cause I come back next weekend if I can get my hair done by the same girl who do your shit. Yeah. I to couple make sure my girl good You know in my city. I'm like, no, you gotta get your hair though. You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. But she be looking good. But thank you. I was just extending the offer You. know what I'm saying? But don don't know how I al I'm always out. 'cause it's, it'd be hair and it'd be everything. It's always something. And I don't understand it. But You know that's A good thing. Yeah. Because it could be worse, it could be some bad things. It's always positive. Yeah. It is always positive. And that's what I'm grateful for. Right. You know. Because I mean, that's just who I am too though. You know you get what you put out. So I feel like I'm, I'm probably just a relatable person or something because I was just really, really like listening and And I was doing a lot of podcasts and everybody was saying And.


I'm like, damn, it's not just me. 'cause I live in my own little bubble. Like, I feel like I only see me everywhere because I only wanna see me. I don't be noticing that everybody sees the same thing. And I because I be in my own world y'all. Yeah. Like, and a lot of times that's good too. 'cause if you see everything, then you start to respond and then you start to get discouraged and then you start You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's really good. But I've been seeing you all over the place. You've been doing your press man. Yeah. Like I'm very, very fucking proud of you. Thank you. Yeah. Talk to me about that. I appreciate that album. Like what is, what is the last Doll? Like what are you talking about in this album? How is it different from the last album? Well, You know what the first Album, sorry. It's, it's different. 'cause I'm, I'm different.


But it's more of an enhanced project from like Stacked. It's just like El it's elevated. It's like I'm seeing it on this one You. know what I'm saying? I got songs about my kids. I got more meaningful songs. I have You know like mental health songs. Yeah. You know go through postpartum for real You know more experiences. But then also I'm turning the fuck up on there too. I'm not y Oh and be a Cash album. And you ain't turning up on me Shit. Yeah. I'm turning up. So it's like, as soon as you get in there, I'm in there. Pow. Yeah. Pow wow. But then I kind of let you get in my feelings a little bit. And I talk about my son. I talk about my daughter. I reflect on my life and where I'm at and where I want to go.


And You know just shit. Like it's, it is a vibe. And don don't really have that many features. It's only like three features. Yeah. I see. And you, you mentioned postpartum. Did you have postpartum You know what? When, when I say postpartum, it's like You know postpartum depression Is different. Different from postpartum. Postpartum. Now. Postpartum. Like right now I'm five months postpartum. My daughter just turned five months. Right. See I had to learn that too. Yeah. I had to learn the difference between the two. Okay. Yeah. See I didn't go through postpartum depression. Okay. I'm a mental strong person. Not to say that I don't go through things everybody else go through, but I kind of just know how to take my mental off of depression when it gets there. I have times where You know it could happen, but it'd be like, all right, let Me, yeah. Do something else. You know I'm saying.


So don don't get there because it could happen. Now you also mentioned your contract getting outta your contract. So what, what was, why did you wanna get outta that contract? You felt you didn't have the freedom, the money. Shit. What, What was it? It was so many different Contracts. And how'd you get into that contract? Was it just not knowing young artists Not knowing No better. That's it. You know. That was a while ago though, so I'm so past it. But it was just not knowing no better and not knowing the business like I do now. Like it's a business. Like music is a business. It's not just, oh I rap, I look cute, I'm gonna make a video and I'm gonna put it out and go make monies from shows. Hell nah. It's so much to it. And I just didn't know no better. Do you have an attorney when you did your first contract? Absolutely not. I don didn't even know about a attorney or tell who where.


Yeah. You know. Yeah. So I was stuck in that. Got out of that And I think it traumatized me because it got to a point where I was releasing music. Yeah. Trust body. And they were just taking it down. It was taken down. So it got to a point where now like after I, I stopped releasing music 'cause it was like, I felt like it was gonna get taken down whole time. I'm out of the contract. But I just got programmed to thinking that. So when I finally start coming back around, that's what I was saying earlier about not Dropping in like five years. I think I was just traumatized. Yeah. And, I. I wanted to, to go back. 'cause of course I know your story and a lot of people might not know your story. When I was joking earlier, And I said, you carry your jewelry and you have the bags out. Something that happened to you was probably my biggest fear in my life. Right.


And it, and it happened to me too, especially now. Right. Because I got six kids and my kids are home. And that's, that's one of my biggest fears. I actually was on vacation. The reason why I don't post when I'm outta town or I don't post when I'm on vacation. I came back from vacation. And I had to do a show. So I, I was driving to Boston. My family comes back to my house. My daughter comes to the house. My daughter, who is today is her birthday. She was about 17 at the time. So she got out the car first. She types in alarm code. She types in alarm code. Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. She looks upstairs, somebody bust open my bedroom door is carrying a safe in his hand. And she seen, she's seen Yeah. Seen. Runs out the back. Hops off the balcony and runs into the woods.


Right. They call the police. It was dark. This police were, they were scared. They were scared to go into the woods. So the guy got away with a ton of my wife's jewelry. Right. The police were scared to go into the woods. The police were scared. They was like, let's wait for the dogs, bro. By the time you wait for the dogs, guy's gone. They gone. So the guy was gone. And because of that, I, I didn't purchase dogs. I didn't purchase moving cameras, lights on cameras, And, I see myself every day. Always on my cameras. Like always on my cameras 24 7, like all the time. To the point where I have voice cameras, I got cameras that move. There's camera's in every room in, in my house. Even a bedroom. So I can see what's going on. 'cause I just don't trust people. But you went to something similar? Oh yeah.


Twice. So explain to twice. Wow. Explain to people what happened that don't know. Because don don't wanna assume that people do know. First off, happy birthday to your daughter. Oh, Thank you. Secondly, the first time I was out with Joey. Yeah. In Cali. Yeah. And I was just, this was my fault. You know, I was just really tired. I just flew in from Cali. That's a four or five hour flight. Yeah. I had to shoot nine pieces of content for something. And I. I was there, I had my jewelry, I had all my purses and clothes. And, I just kept changing and stuff. And then when it was time to go back, y'all, I'm tired, but I always put my jewelry aside. So I put my jewelry in the backseat. And I put all my clothes in my bags in the trunk. So when we got out, me and Joey, we got out, we got all the stuff out the trunk.


We forgot to get the shit out the backseat. Mm. Okay. I shouldn't have separated it, but I always like Yeah. With my jewelry. 'cause it's expensive. Yeah. You know. And as a rapper, when I'm moving around, I have to have it. 'cause that's a part of the fucking costume You. know what I'm saying? So somebody broke in a car and got it that night. And they, but, and the thing was, I was not set up that we seen it on camera. A man was going through each car door. Oh, okay. Oh, he get jackpot with your car. The fucking, what are the eyes y'all? I was hurt when I say when I, I woke up the next, didn't even realize it. I woke up the next day getting my hair done.


I'm me and Joey being us. And I'm like, all right, I'm done. I'm about to get and go do an interview. And I'm like, shit. Lemme put my jewelry on. I'm like, where the fuck am I sitting? Where the fuck? Mm. Then I looked at Joey, like, Joey, what if she said Drew lying? I said Yes. She like, I'm gonna go check it right quick. 'cause she was already dressed. So I'm still getting dressed. But y'all, my stomach hurt. Right. So she comes back in like, I'm like, no, it, it has to be in there. I went out there, y'all, I just laid in the back seat. You like no. Yeah. What the fuck That was so much jewelry. We talking about half carrot stones and Yeah.


Whatever. Right. So that was the first time. The second time somebody just broke my house in August in Atlanta, I'm gone. But I got cameras because at the place before this place, somebody just kicked in my door at my townhouse when my son and my sister was there. When me and my child's father was going to Jamaica, we up, we uploaded it. Somebody tried to go in there, they didn't get in there 'cause they heard somebody. So now I'm on tip. I'm like, I need cameras. I need all this shit I need to see. So I got all my cameras, I leaves and get in the car from leaving one of my friends birthday dinner. We had no service down there. So you don't get it. But I came out in the car right on time.


I get a alert. So I'm thinking it's probably just my him walking in the house. Oh. Just see, I get a dare alert. One of them deers. We walking past the camera. Oh. You be like, oh, Dale And I. Check every last alert that comes through. don don't care. You Like, fuck that. What is it? That's me. So I checked it and it's three dudes running through my backyard. Y'all with guns? Mm. I said, what the fuck, I'm in the car. Right. I got my kids, I just strapped them in. I called Tracy. Hey, them niggas at my house. Go get them nigga. He's, I'm about to go get to go get them. And. I. He nine minutes away. Right? Yeah. Because he a little, little boy. Yeah. Yeah. He fly to the house. So at the time I'm sitting here and I'm waiting to see like, did they get anywhere in the else in the house?


All I got was that alert. So I have cameras in all the spots, but I don't, I didn't get another alert. So I'm like, all right, maybe they can't get in there. Right. So I'm sitting here, I'm watching bitch, they in my bedroom. Oh my God. Fuck. I'm like what to do? What to do, what to do. What To do what to do. Feel me? Because they gotta get the fuck outta my room bro. I'm mad as hell Tell a story. It's so fucking funny. I'm Out. I'm mad bro. So I'm like what the fuck? What the fuck? Right. So I'm looking, I'm all like, man, I'm driving fast down Jefferson, I'm in Detroit. I can't get there. I'm just driving fast. Pissed like these bitch You in Detroit and it happened in Atlanta but you driving fast too.


Where the hell you go? I dunno wherever I'm going about to go now. So I'm riding fast. My girl in the car. Ja Ja. I'm like call the police, tell 'em to go to my house. Tell him to go to my house. But I forgot I could speak on the speaker. I got that too on camera. I got that too. Yeah. So now I'm like, think bitch. 'cause I, they done got the crocodile, the ostrich. I said, oh no, no. Not the Crocodile. Not the cro. No. So I said, Hey y'all bitch ass niggas better get the fuck outta my house, y'all. I got the video, I'm gonna show y'all. Them niggas sw to the house. They stopped like they look back, them niggas got the fuck on one of the fell. I'm like, yeah you bitch ass niggas him. He fell, dropped the shit off.


Yeah. You feel me? He fell. But that nigga still had my bag. Y'all drop the Crack. If you ain't gonna do the ostrich, do the fucking crack. The nigga had them bitches. He had them bitches running through the house. Running through the house. So by this time, baby daddy pulled up. Pow, pow, pow pow pow. Them niggas out there, bitch they better. It's on the flow now. So they, they they getting a shoot out. They get in the shootout. So they driving


Now streaming on prime video. You can Call me. Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't care for afoot. Ms. Kaler thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years known cross, I learned to trust his gut against inside's head with clocks ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime video watch Now


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the Kitchen Aid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now.


Welcome to The World of Bose ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come on in. Bose ultra open earbuds, own the gift game and check out bose.com/iheart to shop now.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four. Details


Periods no one really loves talking about that time of the month. But at Nix KIX Well it's always that time of the month because as the number one leakproof brand in America, managing your period in comfort and style is all we do. We've created an amazing line of super comfy, super leakproof period undies. You need to see and feel to believe these underwear look, feel, and machine wash just like regular underwear, but feature hidden protection technology that can absorb from one to 14 regular tampons worth of liquid so you feel dry, comfy, and free all day long. Millions have already made the switch to Nix and now you can too. Just go to nicks.com and get 15% off with promo code. Get 15. That's KNI x.com promo code. Get 15 for 15% off life changing period. Underwear again. That's KI x.com promo code. Get 15.


They driving, They hit the corner. Police on their ass. So look y'all, I'm on they head. They thought they was fucking With me. Shit you. So The police, soon as they hit the corner, y'all the police on the ass ass right? I think I'm near You think I'm near now? She in Detroit. She's in Detroit. Right. So they driving. They driving, they driving And, I. Guess the niggas end up hitting the bump or something. But they couldn't get away from the police. It's a long street to get to the freeway. So they didn crash now. One of 'em getting a shootout with the police critical condition. Dumb ass. And they all of 'em in jail. Mm. But but look at God. Look. Did you get your crock back?


Look at No. 'cause I think they left them in the woods or something. Well, I got my crock back, but the ostrich and the white one, I ain't get back. Mm, You ain't go through the woods? They did the, the police, the investigator did, but he didn't find, he didn't, he found the crop like closer to like down like it's like four or five houses and it's like they was jumping fences and shit. Oh. And I'm like, well damn, what the fuck? Like one of them cops wives got that Shit. One 'em, cops got a go. Great Christmas gift. A Valentine's Day gift. Yeah. It's used. It's like what you do well you like, but yeah y'all so, so So for the regular folk out there that don't know? Mm. A crock is about anywhere from 70 to 90,000. My ell is about buck 50.


Oh. That was my biggest. So, so even if it's you, it is still about a good $70,000. It is at least $70,000. And. I was just like, damn man, that was a hard, that was a hard buy. Like you, I was putting that, that's right. I was getting prepared for that one. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That that shit hurt. Yeah. You know we work so hard for our things and people just come and try to take it instead of getting a fucking job. If you put all your energy into getting your own shit, you wouldn't even be risking your life and your freedom to take somebody fucking else's. Yeah. That shit is irritating. Now we sitting around, like you said, camera system, dogs, training, All of that. I got treat dogs now you come in real crazy. He's Going at you. I'm And now you can't even enjoy your vacation. You can't. It's like every alert on your phone.


It's, that shit is so fucked up. And like, and like I gotta feel bad for being successful 'cause you about to come try to take my shit. Yeah. Fuck. Now I'm walking around with shit. Nah. So does that make you wanna move out of Atlanta though? That make, yeah, I just did. You alright. So you did you all Yeah, because look, they broke in my motherfucking house. Somebody broke in my car. Mm. I got all this shit on video. Y'all. Then somebody broke in my mailbox. I said yeah, I'm about to get the fuck on. I'm breaking From this bitch to get what? Broke your mailbox? What The fuck? They Probably my American Express. Yeah. American Express card Number. Fucking American Express. Shout out to my business manager. Corre. Yes, baby. Jesus. So, so how do you, well does that make, you still wanna buy things?


So I I can't help you. We talked about it. We talking about radio. She ain't gonna stop Because I can't now. So something happened to you right? I I was going to the airport and I was late so they was like, you gotta check your bag. Right. And, I was like, I, I, I can't check my bag. I'm in first class. You gotta check your bag. I said, all right, well I'm taking my jewelry out my bag. I take my jewelry out the bag. You should put him next to me. I got in my pocket, fall asleep on the flight. I get up, get my bag, I leave the jewelry in the chair. Nigga You was tied to Leave the jewelry in the chair. I don't realize to you I get home. I got a photo shoot. I'm like, yo, where my jewelry? I I'm like, yo, check my car. They like, it's not in your car. I'm like, yo, check my bag. I'm like, oh, I took it out. I call an airline gone. Nobody's, it made me not wanna buy a piece of jewelry because people say, well you should have it covered.


You like you said, a lot of these insurance companies don't wanna cover jewelry. No, they Don't end. If you have profile, let them let beat you up. They already old DJ Envy. No. Nope. I can't hear it. You got it. Yeah. You know. No, they don't do that. I was just talking about that in the car. I'm like, and then once you have to file a claim, now you can't use that person no more. Now you gotta find I another company insurance. Another insurance company. That's right. Like it's, but I can't help it. I love this shit, y'all. Nah. Mm. I I look, I, But I know I ain't buy no damn half carrots again. 'cause I had a whole necklace full of half carrots and a, a charm. I won't back so bad. But that thing was so fucking expensive. And I'm like, I just feel like if I buy it again, I need to buy something else because I already had it. I had two-tone ap, the anniversary Rolex.


I had so much shit that got even like jewelry. My friends got like over the time. Like it just hurts so bad. Like to, but I can't Help it. But yeah, I know. But see, it makes me happy. Your shit got stolen. He gave that shit away. How you leave the shit on the chair? Lord, I on the chair. But sometimes you, you be that traveling. That's why don don't like that shit. No. You know. I had, I had chains with all my kids' names in Pink Diamonds. All different. Oh no. All of it gone crazy. All of it gone. I'm sick. Every time I see an old picture with that shit on, I'll be so mad. I be waiting, I'll be waiting to find somebody to walk around with a chain. That's his gift. Like, I've been looking for him like I want somebody else. But I can't help but to like, look baby daddy came through.


He came Through. He came through. I love that. Yeah, He's a little local. I see. Yeah. He did what he had to Do. Speaking of Baby Daddy, you got a song on the album? nwa? Yeah. Featuring baby daddy. Yeah. So did y'all just break up? We did. Okay. And I didn't wanna take him off. I, Alright. Jesus. This was Jesus. Y'all already, I hope you wouldn't have stood your Baby's I. don wanna I'm just saying. Right. I didn't wanna take him off. You Know. Okay. Alright. That's still my friend. Okay. That's what I'm, I'm getting at You know because right now let's clear this up. Like, it's like a whole thing right now where people is like taking everything I'm saying in interviews and making it about him. And it's not, it's just general. They, they'll ask me what I look for in men and I'll say, I want this, I want that. I want this. And then what?


And when I say don don't want it, they'll be like, yeah, it's about him. They're stuff I'm not, this and him, I have no problem. I'm not bitter. We're friends. I would like to keep it that way because it get to mess up with him and it'll fuck with our relationship. And we have kids. Yeah. Right. You know what I'm saying? So it's no beef. I left him on there. Even in the clip of me of my rollout, he's still in there acting You know. You know. Like I have no beef. That was a part of my life when I, when I created this, I was pregnant. We have two kids. Yeah, please. Yeah. I don't have a problem hitting that man. I don't don don't care. Yeah. Why did, why didn't it work between y'all two? Was it too much work? Was it relationship? Was it, And was it mutual? Like You know? Like did y'all both decide just to say no I wasn't.


Okay. I ain't gonna Lie now. No. What Mitchell Oh. What was the moment that you said that I, I don't wanna do this anymore because we see y'all together so much. Y'all just, we Just, and that's what people gotta understand. You know. When you in a public relationship, when it breaks, people wanna know like, what the hell? It seems so good. You know. But it just things over time that just, it just ran its course for me. You know as women, we, we know we hold it down for a while. You know as far as like dudes like actually growing up. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Can it be Fixed though? 'cause dudes take a long time to grow up. Yeah, they Do. Yeah. You know what They, they do like they, they have to realize a lot of times what they lost or what they could lose to be like, You know what I need to fix the F Up.


But if you don't never realize it, it's how you handle it too. You know what I'm saying? 'cause people can handle it where you like, all right. But if you make a situation worse, it's kind of like you don't give a fuck. Yeah. All right. I gotta do what's best for me. And right now, that's just where we at. I got You. know what I'm saying? I'm focused on me. I gave that a lot of me and now I owe myself a lot. Yeah. You know and it is no beef. I don't feel no type of way about him. I'm not dissing him. I don't, I'm not gonna do that with somebody I was just laying with for four years You. know what I'm saying? Like what that say about me. It just is what it is. And. I'm glad this is a perfect place for me to clear it up because it's a breath club. Yeah, that's Right.


So I'm glad that this opportunity presented itself because it was just bothering me here because they're making it and he's feeding it to it. And I'm like, no it's not that And, I'm not about to explain this because it's just like before fuck my baby daddy was my song when I was with him. I'm on a boat on a yacht with him talking fuck my baby daddy. And he'll say shut up. But now if I'm singing it, oh she singing this to Tracy and now he's like, you this and me. And I'm like, no the fuck It hurts him. 'cause yeah, that's how we know it ain't mutual. You gonna set Go and I'm gonna send my to you. But nah, it's All love You know I'm glad to see that You know it's two Xs that could still work together though. Yeah. Because like y'all do have two kids so I know, I know.


Although the Breakup wasn't mutual, it's still good to see that. You still saying No, there's no problem. There's no problem. You don't even want nobody to think it's the problem. It's A problem. Don't create that in my, this is my personal life. These is my kids' father. This is their other parent. I don't want no smoke with them. Mm. Please stop It. Yeah, stop. So you about to, you about to go on tour too? Hell yeah, I'm outside. I know it's not outside. She outside you outside. Okay. How are you gonna balance that with baby Clarity? She's brand New. Okay. So this is how I, this is what I came up so far in December. I got four dates. That's cool. They spread it apart in February? No, in January. I have like two. So cool. I'm, they can stay at home.


I probably bring 'em out to the Detroit show. Okay. But in February that's when they back to back to back to back to back back. So I'm thinking one week on, one week off. One week on. One week off. Okay. Because it's overwhelming when my kids is around while I'm working. Yeah. It's, I know that could be a lot right? Yep. And you got two little ones. How old are they? Oh Because cash and running shit. Yeah, cash. And he'll be three in January and clarity is five months. So it's A lot. They demand a lot of attention. Yes. But I have my two beautiful sisters. I want to give a great shout out to my, my pumpkin and Shawnee Bonnie. Like one is 30 and one is 20. And when I say that is my lifeline, without them girls, I would not even be right here today.


'cause they got them. That's what it's You know. So I'm so grateful for my, your village sisters. Like my village, my mom, my best friend. Everybody that sunshine, everybody that, even my team, like when they come, they'll just be holding them and let me do me like that is so important. You know what I'm saying? And I'm just grateful for everybody that helped me with my kids. They are my sisters is my girls right there. They get on my nerves a little bit, but they're my girls. Yeah. You know. They, they allow me to move around like I need to. Yeah. And I could trust them with my kids. 'cause it takes a lot to just leave them and to actually trust people with your Kids, you were thinking about 'em the whole time. Like, I need to. Yeah. It's like I know they good. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So you talking about that earlier about the village? Yep. Without that village, you in trouble.


Especially, listen, you need, it's hard. Aunties and uncles and yo take care of this. Matter of fact, actually I'm taking your ass to court. You a auntie and you don't wanna watch these money. I'm taking your ass to court. Come on, let's go gun. That's right. That's Right. Now do you prefer music or acting? I love both. I just think acting just because of the stability, right? Yeah. You ain't gotta travel as much. Like with music, you gotta travel, travel, travel. When you acting You know you stationed in one spot. Correct. So like when we filmed BMF, I was stationed there for like six months. Mm. You know. So now I have a routine. I know what days I go in. I know what's going on. It's, I, I can goddamn take my vitamins in the morning, my skincare routine. Eat diet. Right?


Yeah. You know because when you on a damn go all that, All everything is Yep. It's no routine. It, It's hard to keep a routine. You losing shoes at one spot. Yeah. Yeah. It, it's, Ah, yeah. Yeah. You feel me? So I think that's the reason. But if it wasn't like anything that had to do with like traveling and stuff like that, I'll say both of them. Right. Yeah. And how was shooting BMF? How, how was that? Because I mean, you, you lived the story. I mean, you're from there. Yeah. From the, you've seen it, you've seen it from the, from the top to the bottom. You know You know stories that we probably don't know. I wish, but y'all know I was a little, I was a ink little girl when BMF was out. So when, when they was doing that. But as I got older I heard a lot about them like, damn I running shit You know.


But that was a great experience to be a part of it and be from the d and like even in this whole moment of Detroit, like the, the Lions going crazy right now. Yeah. Like Detroit rap on the scene. It's like I'm just happy to be living in the moment of all of the Detroit love that's happening. Because I feel like we was real underrated for it's About time for every long Time. So I'm just happy to be a part of and then to be the chick from the D. That's right. Like I'm happy as fuck. So that was a great opportunity. You know. How did you link up with 50 to play in the, the get a role in BMF. I ain't even link up with him. It's so funny 'cause I always want to work with 50. 'cause he's just yeah, a pin. Like amazing. He's a, he's amazing. So I always wanna work with him.


I used to send him videos in his DM of me acting, doing dumb shit. Like I'm telling you, put me on there, mom. No, he never, he still don don't even think he ever opened them ever. And he know me. Yeah. So, but I was like, when I heard that BMF, I was with Joey and Lawrence at the time. Okay. And they sent it in like they looking for some people at BMF. I'm like, hell yeah, that's, I'm about to do this or whatever. Right. So Lawrence already knew how to make the tapes. It was around Covid. So at this time it was no like going into stuff. Yeah. You had self to Self tape. Tape. Yeah. So Lawrence like, I got you. Yeah. So me and Lawrence, we did our big one. We did our biggest one. That's, so we sent in one and they was like, well send in one for this role.


So we did it over and we sitting around anticipating me, him and Joey, I'm out in California and they was like, yeah, Fe said he gonna call you himself. And I'm like, all right. So I'm like, I hope he about to just tell me You, know what I'm saying? Yeah. And then on my birthday, November the fourth, I'm, no my dad's birthday. November the fourth 50 called me You know I be sad 'cause my dad died or whatever. Yeah. So on my birthday he called me You know and he was like, yeah Cass, you got it And. I'm like, I got what? Like don't play with me. Like my, my heart beating fast You know what I'm saying? Like you got the role. I'm like shut the off. I'm like, I'm about to fuck it up 50. You won't even know. Like I was so excited. And then that's what's up. I laid there and just was like, wow. That's crazy. He called on my dad's birthday.


That's amazing. And ever since, that's when my dog, but he changed his number and I'm out for his ass. He always doing something. Yo. Okay, well the album is out this Friday, so let's get a join off the album. We appreciate you for coming and being so transparent. Char and Michigan had to go out town today, tomorrow. Right. Where Love He was out Today. Yeah. But it was cool though. It was still cool. I'm glad I'm on the Refs Club or whatever. See what you wanna get into off the album. What you wanna hear You know what I wanna hear. Jump. Jump. Ooh. I wanna hear Jump. Jump. Is that your favorite on the album? It's not my favorite. Okay. But it's, it's gonna wake you up. I love the Beat. I love the vibe. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of them. Let's get it.


All right, well let's get into it. It's jump ladies and gentlemen. Cash. Yo, we appreciate you for joining us. I love you. And don't be a stranger. I love you too. I'm not stranger. I'm coming back. I promise I'm coming back. You're In for win for like 10 years. Seven years Sometimes. It was the old studio and all that. Yeah. Yeah. It was a long time. The last album like five, six years, years ago. Yeah. Yeah. Well and I'm coming Back. Alright, Good. It's Cash Doll, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is Dr. Joy Harin Radford from Therapy for Black Girls. Reading books gives you feelings. I mean that's what they do. And with millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. Like there's an awestruck whoa feeling you get when you read about a dragon flying across the sky. But that's different from the surprised whoa you get when you read that the best friend did it. And that's totally different than the hubba hubba. Whoa. When the stable boy becomes a stable man and Amazon's got all the woes Amazon books that Reading Feeling Awaits


Chase, Freedom Unlimited rewards, all that you are with cash back on every purchase. Redefining Beauty is about being authentically you. I'm David e Co-founder and CEO of a gender inclusive beauty brand from the everyday essentials that keep me glowing to finding the shades and colors that represent me. Freedom Unlimited rewards me for being me with cash back on every purchase. How do you cash back? Learn more at chase.com/freedom Tobe Chase. Make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subjects to change. Cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the Kitchen Aid Artisan sir. Stand mixer with 10 speeds in a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.