
What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to Obscura Invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough.


Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listened to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. One of the best messengers in the Democratic Party. That's right. We have Convers Woman, Jasmine Crockett. Welcome back. Good Morning. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. I'm You be woke. You be clapping back. You wake up in here. I do. But we don't have any hearings this early. I just wanna be clear. Nothing starts before 10 o'clock. Mm. How are you? First and foremost, how you feeling? I'm over it. Dang. It's only been, what has it been? 30 days yet? Think it has this fool. This fool is driving me crazy. Do You eat sleeping shit this though?


Like do you mean like, do you never like just turn off, turn the TV off, like everything? Like, you know what? I don't wanna think about it. I don't want to do nothing. So as much as I don't wanna think about it, I definitely stopped watching the news as much as I used to. But people are like DMing me. They're sending me emails. We're constantly getting phone calls. So no, I don't turn off. Is there anything good that this administration has done so far? Anything that you can say? Well, at least that's a good thing, Huh? Okay. Not nothing, nothing. I saw Bernie sand, nothing just post yesterday about he likes what, what Trump is attempting to do with the Pentagon by auditing them and stuff like that. Okay. Attempting. Let's see it happen. Mm. Here's the reality. I serve on the oversight committee.


That's where all the drama typically happens. And we've had Department of Defense come before us a number of times. The vast majority of the waste, fraud and abuse that we have in this country is Department of Defense. You can Google and find out that at some point in time we were spending like a thousand dollars per toilet or something. So like that's where we see these inflated costs. That's where we have a lot of contractors. That's where they play a lot of games. That's where Eline gets the vast majority of his money is outta defense. And when they come before us and we ask them about their audit, they haven't had a clean audit in the last six times. We've asked for an audit. So the fact that they're gonna start with people that are getting $6 a day to eat, or they wanna go after the little old lady that's just trying to get her little healthcare and they believe that that's what the savings is, that's not where the savings is.


Nor is it going after career civil servants and saying, oh, let me take your coins. Let me take your job. Because when we add up, even if we fired everybody that works for the federal government, it's only maybe four or 5% of our budget, but over or approximately 50% of our discretionary budget is defense and they can't pass an audit. So why we didn't start there where Elon has decided that he was gonna get two new contracts just in two weeks. One for $400 million to Tesla, another for a little over $300 million to SpaceX. I don't know why we didn't start there, but it seems like we could find a lot of waste, fraud and abuse because again, they've not been able to pass an audit.


There is A lot of waste, fraud and abuse in the federal government. Though I'm not gonna say that. There's a lot. I'm gonna say that it does exist. I'm gonna say that exists. I don't think that there's a lot. I think so why Are we so in debt then? We're in debt because we decide that we're gonna reduce the income, right? So under Trump and his first administration, we went into debt, $8 trillion. Now, he wanted to say it was because of Covid, it really wasn't. Obviously there was money that we sent out because people were in need during Covid to make sure that we didn't go into a recession. But at the end of the day, it was because he said, oh wait a minute, that income, we're gonna stop bringing that in from the top one percenters. Well, those Trump tax cuts, they expire right about now and he's trying to reinstitute them.


So here it is. You've got Elon Musk running around talking, so I'm cutting this, I'm slashing this, I'm doing this and that, and da da, da, all this kind of stuff, right? I do wanna be clear that at the same time they're saying, but we gotta raise the debt limit. Well, why do you have to raise the debt limit if we are saving all this money? You know why? Because they actually want to deepen the tax cuts for all those billionaires that were sitting on stage with him on January 20th. Those guys are looking to keep more money in their pocket. That is why, it's why we ran into debt last time. It's why we're gonna run into debt again. The only time that we've had a budget that was clean and we didn't have to worry about debt, you know who was in office?


Bill Clinton. Bill Clinton, a democrat. You know what the tax rate was? It was what Kamala Harris was proposing. That is not the tax rate that they are looking to do on the one percenters School. School me on this too, right? Bill Clinton did the national partnership for Reinventing Government. He essentially Elon's saying he's essentially doing the same thing Bill Clinton did as far as like, you know, making the government smaller, more efficient. You know, what do you say to that? What's the difference between what Clinton did and the nineties and what he's Doing? So there's a lot that's different. But I do wanna start with, because I actually looked at the numbers. We really work kind of big. We actually had more people working in the federal government when Bill Clinton was in office initially than we have now.


You know what the difference is? The country's just a little bit bigger, right? So chances are you would need more. And we're talking about the people that are delivering your mail. You're talking about the people. 'cause all y'all about to start calling us some, so I ain't got my tax refund check. Okay? So like firing the IRS, we're talking about, you know, the people that do FAA so the planes don't fall out the sky, right? So we have a lot more going on and we literally don't even have as many people as we had working when he came in. So we were a little kind of bloated when it came down to it. But also, all presidents should have advisors. And that's essentially what he had was an advisor. What they have said is that Elon is the one that cut off the spigot of money. Like this is after money was appropriated.


And then he's like, oh, no, no, no, you can't get that money. And now people are dying in other countries because USAID has stopped. And I wanna be clear about something. You can shut down USAID if you want to, but that has to be done congressionally. Okay? That's number one. Number two, USAID is less than 1% of our budget. So they over here talking about something, oh, they handing out condoms and they doing this and all this kinda stuff. It's literally less than 1% of our budget because they don't want you to pay attention to the over 99% of the budget where yes, I would say most of the waste, fraud and abuse is actually still at the hands of somebody like Elon Musk, like these bootleg trucks that he decided that he was going to sell the federal government.


I think maybe at a hundred thousand dollars. I don't know what the price is per truck or whatever, but he's selling these trucks at the same time that he's getting rid of all the people that was con that were conducting investigations over him about Tesla investigations, about SpaceX. He got rid of all those people. And even in that interview that Trump just did, he's like asked by Fox News of all places, right? He's asked, well, you know, who's going to oversee Elon and make sure his conflicts are good? He's like, oh, Elon is Elon Gonna go over? Like, I'm like, wait a minute now, like, Emini here because I got a whole body of people that's over me. Like I don't just get to decide what is like right and wrong, and honestly, I'm not allowed to take any money.


Like I have to live a very poor life right now, right? Like, and Could be getting paid. I, I could be getting paid. I I made more money before. I'll make more money after. But right now I am living not in the overflow. No Emini here. The Internet those days, Ja isn't Just say you got Oh, oh yeah, houses and Eli 8 million. Listen, no, no, no. I, And I had to shut them down because first they said that I had a husband, no husband, y'all first they said I had a husband and they said that I was paying him half a million dollars to keep me safe. And people were like, he should be doing that for free. And I was like, I don't know if y'all mix up the black girl or if y'all just think every black girl that comes to Congress brings a husband who has to live off of.


That's not what it is. Okay? Right. No husband never been married, never been engaged. All right. That's number one. So then they said, well, she's worth $9 million and she's got all these homes. Let me tell you something. When I first got to Congress about two weeks in, there was a case that I had been working for seven years. It was a civil rights case, one of my last two civil rights cases, And I still got one pending. So just so y'all know, if I gotta resign, I'm gonna resign. But nevertheless, it goes to trial. I'm unable to participate because I'm not supposed to be, but I'm in this wind down period. It actually hits for about $22 million. All right? So ethics says you can't collect your attorney's fee on that at all.


Now mind you, I worked this case before I ever ran for Congress, right? So like that gives you an idea of how far they go. So you've, it comes to the con No, but here's the deal. I would've resigned And I will resign. No, I I'm not finna play with my money. Like, y'all tripping. 'cause I worked on that case for seven years. Yep. It was against a very small city that literally can't pay it. Now if for some reason they go find the coins, you'll resign then Absolutely. I'm, I'm resigning forcing special election and I'll win. Right? But I do have another one that is pending and it's pending against the city of Dallas. And the officer in that case actually pled guilty if the city of Dallas does pay up. I I, you heard it here first resign. I'm resigning and it will be a seven figure payday for me because as an attorney, yeah, we do have cases that hit for millions of dollars.


It's not really that odd. The thing is that I've always been a bleeding heart liberal. I have. So I was doing more criminal defense than anything. I wasn't really doing a lot of the big million dollar cases unless I was helping out the homies. I've got plenty of cases where I've gone into court, help homies get seven figure results. But that never was me. I just wanted to be comfortable and now I gotta, you know, deal with Congress. You said you can resign and then run again. You said, is that you? Hell yeah, I'm gonna collect my check. Resign, get that money. Yeah, Because he's mad billionaires in Congress. It, It, that part. Yeah. And they only got upset about this lie. I'm like, first of all, why y'all mad if this was true? Why is this a problem? It's a problem just because I'm a black woman.


Right? For most of them, right? Because they still not mad that Elon literally made another a hundred and something billion dollars since the election. Y'all not mad at this African man. But lemme ask you a question. You think a lot of the stuff that Trump is doing now is to quiet. That is to the, well we possibly gonna give you guys $5,000. That's a distraction. We possibly gonna take the congestion prices, say hello to the king. You think he's doing those things to say, you know what? All the rest of that stuff, these people won't even check me because I'm doing, they think I'm doing this. That's exactly right. He knows that they're not gonna check him, right? Like Emini here you can go back and play the clips of him talking about how he loves the uneducated, right? If he would ever run for president, he was running as a Republican.


Like, and we know like, this isn't me trying to throw shade. These are just the facts. When you look at who's voting for who, the less educated folk. And when I say educated, I'm not even talking about formal education. I'm talking about people that literally don't want to read and enlighten themselves on facts. Those are the people that typically vote for the Republicans. And it's one of the reasons that we have to stop writing in these as Democrats, right? Like we wanna give you every single little detail that we can find so that you can have all the information. But the reality is that the average person that is going out there and voting, they're not paying attention to that. And we fail to realize how selfish people are. People go out and they vote in their own self-interest, right?


And so you had all these racists that showed up and decided that they were gonna vote for the other racists because they thought, hey, we are all the same. But the reality is that he is a rich racist, okay? And so when he decided that he was gonna look out for somebody, it was only gonna be other rich white guys, not the rest of y'all. So as you're losing your job, as you're losing your Medicaid, as you're losing your farm, you are feeling a way because you're like, wait a minute, you were supposed to go after the others, not come after us. And now they're saying, oh, well we'll give you a $5,000 check. I don't see it happening right now. That is not a part of the budget that they have proposed. That is for sure. So they just had a markup. So this is the first that they're ever talking about this, the budget that they proposed where they went through a 13 hour markup just the other day, proposed getting rid of Medicare.


So Emini here, theoretically they should have the money if you decide that people won't have healthcare in this country, which costs a little bit more than $5,000 a person. But the reality is that they're not finna do that. I, you know, it's so interesting, I I, I said that 18 months after he got sworn in, I felt like, you know, the economy was just gonna be in the toilet. And I felt like that's what they were gonna do. Like they were gonna do either the tax credits or the stimulus checks just to pacify all of the people that's gonna be out in the street complaining Emini. Here you got 12,000 federal workers already fired and it hasn't been a been a month. No Emini here. What's today the 19th? He sworn in January 20th. So yeah, we are in, and what I need people to understand is that that $5,000, even if you get it, is not going very far because we are headed to a recession.


That's right. That's the bottom line. You know, people talked about how terrible the economy was and that was more so like things were expensive, but people were absolutely able to still enjoy all these plane rides. 'cause every time I caught a flight, it was absolutely packed, right? And so yes, it was expensive, but you could pay for it. You're gonna end up in a situation where you're not gonna be able to afford the food. Right? Now you're getting rid of the people that labor in the fields, right? Because here's the reality. When you look back at the history of this country, they have always relied on some person of color to labor. That is why they needed slave labor, right? Like we were the ones that they took onto the plantations to work the fields.


And so we know that we have so many immigrants that come into this country and their only thing that they're looking for is a way to survive. And so they will work for the pennies that is paid to actually work the farms. And that keeps the cost of our food down. But when they send their money home, it goes a long way. And so their family is able to live a better life than they would've been able to live if they were still there where they didn't have the job opportunities, right? But these are also the people that are building our houses. As you're complaining about the cost of homes, now we have another input cost that's about to go up. Because listen, these people aren't showing up. I just talked to contractors down in Atlanta, Georgia that talked about the fact that their workers are not showing up to work because they are concerned about whether or not ice they are gonna come and try to take them away.


And this is even if you are a citizen, because ice is so ignorant, they rounding up everybody. Yeah, they rounding up Puerto Ricans. They are Americans, right? They are rounding up Native Americans. They are the most American that you can find, right? Like they are rounding up everybody. So people of color are like, yo, I am not even going to work, right? So now you're talking about cost going up, but you're also talking about less people working. The United States is the 15th largest employer in the entire world, right? So now they're like, oh yeah, all those people were firing, they can just go to private industry. The jobs don't exist. And private industry is signaling that they know that the recession is coming. Southwest has never done a layoff like what they did in the entire existence of Southwest, and they just cut 15% of their workforce.


So we're seeing where private industry is starting to collapse and starting to actually reduce their workforce instead of increase it. So where are these people gonna go? And people don't realize how many organizations private or otherwise rely on federal dollars in some way. And now you're saying we're gonna take those federal dollars out, but we're not putting them back into people's pockets. We're putting them into the pockets of my friends. So now Elon is going to get more money. Now I'm gonna figure out how to serve myself because he also told his Department of justice do not enforce, not do not enforce the marijuana laws right on the books. Not do not enforce the fact that there's this disparity between cracking cocaine on the federal level, but do not enforce foreign influence laws.


Okay, well I'm sorry I I had nobody from the hood get caught up because they were engaged in some kind of foreign influence. That's, that's a fact. Emini here. So who is it that typically gets caught up? It's people with's access. That's right. And so now basically he's signaling to all of these people that have tried to corrupt our government come on through, drop off a bag. In fact, y'all just had a senator nearby that just went down. They just gave Menendez 11 years for the exact thing that he's telling his Department of Justice. Do not enforce this. That's where we are. How do you feel about that? Because you know, it seems like if you're cool with Trump, you get a pardon.


And if you're cool with Trump, he'll tell you don't prosecute him. Recently we seen Eric Adams not being prosecuted. What's your thoughts on that? You cool with Trump? You get paid. Listen, my thought is that I'm still black in America And I ain't finna play no kind of games word. Like so I am gonna walk the straight and narrow for a number of reasons. Number one, I have some morals about myself. And number two, I know that they would love an opportunity to lock me up, right? Like I would be the exception to the rule. But you're absolutely right. Emini here, Canada has really been the one to call it out. The fact that I'm rooting for Canada and I'm rooting for Mexico a lot is really wild. But they are really the ones that are speaking truth to power right now. They can see what it is. And they were like, we are not messing with this crazy regime from Mar-a-Lago and basic calling them thugs.


That's what it is. But I'm like, y'all knew who he was when y'all elected him. So don't act surprised you elected somebody who was actually convicted by a jury of his peers of 34 felony convictions. Again, if it was me, there's no way Emini here right now. I ain't got no convictions, no arrest, no nothing. And I would never be qualified for president in this country in the eyes of the vast majority of them. But a guy who literally not only ended up becoming a convicted felon, but also had other cases that were pending and other jurisdictions. Oh


yeah. Have You ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else, something much more ominous that appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home drones. Or are they, We used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The more better the merrier title of your podcast. All your old Brooklyn nine, nine Friends are appearing on your favorite podcast. More better


Don't miss Brooklyn Nine nine Stars and show hosts Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro as they welcome their friends and former castmates. Back to laugh about old times and swap some stories this week. It's Gina ti herself, the talented Chelsea Peretti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah, I was like, can I also hug them? Then next week, the nine nine nonsense continues as the More Better Amigos. Sit down with Joe La Trulio, AKA Detective Charles Boyle. There'll be more laughs more conversation, more stories from the set and more, more better. Don't miss a minute. You Felt safe enough to fill out a bad idea, right? Yeah. Emini here, that is the key because you're definitely not throwing out good ideas all the time. Emini here. That's just not how it works. Listen to More Better with Stephanie and Melissa on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jay Shetty. My latest episode is with financial expert Scott Galloway. If you are doing a lot of Side hustles, it's very, very difficult to be great at your main hustle. The only way you're gonna build real wealth and economic security is to go all in on one thing that is greatness focus. None of this matters. None of it means a thing if you can't have deep and meaningful relationships. Scott Is a professor of marketing at NYU Stern School of Business. He's a bestselling author. He has earned a massive following through his lectures, podcasts, and YouTube channel. Scott Galloway, How do we rewire our relationship with money? Because most of us have a stressful relationship with money. If you Want to be good at money, put down the facade and start talking to people about their investments, how much money they make, what they do with their money, how they save money. What I tell young people is you can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


He's good to go. You, You just said something that I, I've been thinking about. Why do people still talk like Donald Trump is campaigning as opposed to like, he's actually here right now in the flesh doing what it is that he's doing. Like they still talk like, you know, they stopped, like they, they talk like they can stop this. Like, I saw governor, the governor Illinois, JB what's his name, Pritzker? Yes, he was talking, but I'm like, yo, that should have been said four years ago. Yeah. The things that he was saying. Yeah, it's like, like why are they talking? Like he's still campaigning? I I I'm gonna say this, I think that there's two things. I think that, again, Democrats are so cerebral that we were like, of course nobody's gonna vote for him again. They'll remember the dead bodies that were piling up in freezer trucks in New York.


They'll remember that he was selling people to inject bleach. They'll remember that, you know, they were losing their jobs. They did not know if their family members were gonna live or die. They will remember, we thought he like people would remember. And then we started to realize way too late that a lot of people forgot. All they remembered. It was almost like our brains would not remember the bad. All they remembered was like things like a $1,200 check, but they didn't remember how they got it right? Like they didn't remember Pelosi, they didn't remember the, the Democrats were controlling the house at the time. Like they didn't remember that part of the story. Well, the Democrats suck at messaging and marketing. Well, You know, we're still working.


But I will say the other part of this though about Pritzker is that I think what we're trying to do is at least make sure that people wake up because there are things that we can do. I don't accept defeat Emini here. If I accepted defeat. Here's the reality. I wouldn't be sitting here before you. My ancestors never accepted defeat, so I won't either. Did he win? Absolutely. Are we defeated? Absolutely not. And so right now the house Coe The election, don't concede the constitution. Absolutely. I like that. Look at you. Look at you with your little picture. Thank you. Okay, there we go. So here's the deal. We know that the house is only a a three member difference. Three members going to the Democratic side means that we control the house and we start slowing things down.


We have three seats that are about to be up. We have two seats that are up right now. We have another one that will be up in New York. And so I'm telling people, put all your energy into these three seats because I can't wait two years. Like I'm tired of him already. So we need an opportunity to start stopping him. So I do want governors like Pritzker to give people this belief and this hope. And I want people to go out and say, you know what? I don't have very much money, but I think that it's worthwhile for me to give my $10 to these people that are running in Florida to give money to whoever is gonna ultimately run here in New York. I think it's worth my time to show up and actually knock on some doors and talk to people and listen to people and ask them, why did you vote for Trump?


And Trump would still be your president? But don't you want this to slow down a little bit? Don't you want somebody to say, Hey, wait a minute. We think that it's important that social security still exists and the only thing that will stand between you and your social security is potentially having a democratic house. And it doesn't mean you're a Democrat, but it does mean that you believe in a democratic republic. And so I want us to work these three seats right now because one of the elections, Florida will take place on April 1st. So those are the guardrails that are in place to protect, you know, people like the federal workers from what Elon Musk and Donald Trump are currently Doing. Well as it relates that to that part, the, the guardrails are the courts.


That's the only thing that we have standing right now. And I'm concerned that ultimately the high court belongs to him. So I know he's trying to get those cases up to the Supreme Court. That's pretty cool. And again, get them to dismantle the Constitution a bit. Dismantle laws a little bit. But the fact that they pushed back on TikTok of all things like, just forget the subject matter. But ultimately in a nine to zero decision, when it came down to TikTok, they said, oh, nevermind. Like, no, you can't do that. That that was signed into law. Whether you like it or not, it was signed into law. And you can't just unilaterally overturn that. So I think that we may have a little help from them when it comes down to things like once Congress appropriates something, you can't do anything about it.


Now here's the thing, it'll never make it to the Supreme Court in time because this last funding bill runs out on March 14th. We won't get to the Supreme Court by mor March 14th to get a decision, but we potentially will have a new budget and that budget should be done because he does have a Trump trifecta. It should be done in the image of what it is that they want to deliver. And so we'll see if they can get it done. I don't know. I think we're shutting down on March 14th. On March 14th. You think the government's gonna shut down? Yeah, Emini here. The last time we shut down was under Trump. Why? We shut down. I think at least two times in the longest shut down we've ever had in the history of this country came under Trump.


And right now they have a slimmer majority than they had when I was in the hundred and 18th session. So right now they only have, they can only lose one vote. One Republican vote can vote against it. So if all Democrats show up and vote against it, which we should, they can only lose one right now. I, I don't see how they get it passed, but we'll see. They can get it passed the Senate. I don't see how they get it past the house. Why do you think people still love him so much? And I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about like us. Like why are there some of us that still favor him? Like why is he still so like he he has such a high approval rate.


Trump, I I don't know that I don Well I ain't gonna say he got a higher approval rate. I he, he is doing better in his approvals than he. There's people Like typically like a lot of black people. You don't mean literally fighting. You mean literally. Because You know, they put out a poll And I think his approval rating was 53%. Yeah, that's, She's talking about black people though, right? Yeah. I'm so many us like that. Yeah. I can't Fighting For this man. Can, I can't explain it. I have no explanations. The only thing that I can say is that number one, I'm happy to know that Trump is an anomaly. People continue to try to be the next Trump. They are not. Right? Like we've seen it with DeSantis. He's not, we've seen it with Vivek Ramaswamy, he's not Elon Musk.


His numbers continue to drag him down, right? For whatever reason, Elon's numbers go down and Trump's still kind of linger about the same or go a little bit higher. I will say that there is a cultural aspect to Trump that is unique and unlike anything we've ever experienced. And I think that was another failure that we had in the campaign overall is to understand that he's different. He's different. This is a guy who's had his name on buildings forever. That's right. And people have been like, oh, he owned it. Not really. His name is just on it. Right? And so he's very good at creating this perception. He's created this perception of I am that guy.


Right? And he literally became the closest thing to Teflon Don that we have seen. Right? Like who has this many cases in this many jurisdiction. More Teflon and Yeah, I know because of presidential immunity. I, I, I, I get Yeah, I get, but I'm just saying. So I think that from a cultural aspect, like he used to be talked about in rap songs and things like that, I think it's hard for you to then say, oh no, he's a terrible person. Hmm. Because there's been this kind of aura around him that was created, which may have been okay for tv, may have been okay for music, may have been okay for casinos, but it ain't okay in the Oval Office. Like I need y'all to separate the two.


Yeah. Like I don't need it to be that everybody that kinda walks in that lane is now somehow qualified to be president of the United States because that's it. It takes different qualities And I think that that's why it's been so hard to kind of tear him down is because he's different. I don't think these people are necessarily Republicans. I don't think they're necessarily going over to that side. I don't think they're necessarily maga. I think that they are just Trumpers like period. And I think MAGA is supposed to be a movement. But I believe that once he is out of the like way, right? Like once he's out of the presidency, if he leaves, if he leaves Jesus, 'cause he decided he a king now. But if he leaves the presidency, I don't see anybody else being able to take up the mantle.


He already said JD Vance ain't the one. Yep. Right. Like Emini here, there's nobody else that will be able to take up that mantle because he is unique. Well, Child, what is on your shirt? Shirt right there? There I was raised. Say I love the hoodie. What, What is on your hair? Break down what's on your shirt child? Yes, yes, yes. So we dropped the child collection. The child collection after Nancy Mace acted like she wanted to take me outside. So she Wanted five minutes with you. She Child. I don't have time. We gotta Jump her. You can't find, you can't shoot Her affair. Can't talk about jumping up C woman. I'm joking. Alright. You joke until they pull your ass over, you don't ice ice baby. You don't wanna, you sit right there. I'm an American citizen.


Listen, That's what was Going through your mind when she asked you, I'd like to take this outside. You know, she graduated from the man military School. I don't care The man military, Since she was the first woman to graduate from this citadel, which is an all male military school. Yeah, yeah. Right. So DEI helped her. Mm. Just FYI. Okay. Okay. Because it didn't exist. And there were people that did not want a woman in the institution, but her father actually taught at the institution. And so she wanted to be just like her dad. And so they sued. Mm. They went to the courts so that she could get in as a woman. And now she is the very same woman that wants to do like a bunch of the same immigrants that somehow get over here, get their citizenship, and then they're like, forget everybody else coming behind me.


She is the same. And so she claims that she's been a champion for women and that's why she's against trans people. But she forgets that she benefited from diversity, equity, and inclusion like most white women because white women are the vast majority of the beneficiaries of DEI policies. But that's all the issue. But when she said, let's take it outside, you know, I really wanted to be like, let's go Now I knew that I couldn't because again, they would've been trying to expel me. Yeah. And if the tables were turned, if I had said that to her, oh mm oh the Karen would've been calling everybody to come through and come grab me and they would've had me on the floor for an explosion for trying to incite violence against another member of congress.


Literally in a committee hearing. But instead they said, well maybe she meant go outside for coffee. You know what though? I do be thinking that though. That's what they said. I be thinking that these people are so old and so culturally clueless that they don't understand. No, No, no, no, no. He was laughing, laughing when he did it. Said no, he, because even When you did your bad bill Bush bodies that the guy was like, what? What Happened? Yeah. It's the same guy. It's, and even you saying the same guy he knew, like even You saying child, Nancy was like, I'm not a child, I'm not a child. Right. I'm not a child. Now I do think that she is culturally unaware, even though she's always bragging about how many black people she represents in her district in South Carolina. Black people in South Carolina wake up, get Rid of her. We went to high school together.


That's Homie Emini here. No. Well, she's a, anyway, I'm not gonna cuss you. You said she need to be running direct the economy down there. She does because South Carolina about to catch it. Just like all these other, all of her red states, all of them. Yeah. They about to catch it the hardest. Like you think you're quote unquote owning the libs. But guess what? New York has money. Okay, guess what? California has money. Right? The ones that are broke and need the money that New York and California pay into is your little red states down south. The vast majority of y'all, y'all are the ones that are broke and y'all are the ones that are constantly bleeding population as well.


Right? Like we know that these small states, like people are moving to the big cities, which tend to be in the bluer states. Right. Where there are more opportunities. So, but Nancy, you know, she now wants to run. That's why she wanted to take it outside. 'cause they going through all of that. No, she, she just wants to try to elevate her name and her status. So she's allegedly talking about running for governor in 2026. Don't do it, don't do it South Carolina. But if you look into her, like she has so much staff that is resigned. She is consistently being accused of all types of inappropriateness when it comes to like sex stuff in general.


Hmm. What do you mean? So beyond her? Well, I, I'll Just say that in committee. Right? And that same hearing she was talking about quote unquote dicks with or chicks with penises. Oh, okay. Correct. Yeah. So she was doing like all that kind of stuff. So she constantly like throws the word around and committee and that kind of thing. But she's also been accused of talking to staff about her sex life and making them uncomfortable. And so she's had staff resign alleging that she is very inappropriate. She, She did Just say she was a victim of rape and sexual abuse On the house floor. She also did that with a lot of protections. So people don't know that if you go on the house floor, you can pretty much say anything and people can't sue you.


It's the debate clause. Yeah. The the the, oh, I forget the other part of it. But anyway, but what, what do you mean it can't you speech and debate. Speech and debate clause means that when you are in the chamber and you're on the floor and you say certain things, I can say something defamatory And I can't be sued. Oh Wow. So the theory is this, is that she decided now that she's getting ready for this gubernatorial, she decided to kind of head off some potential bad headlines by going onto the house floor and accusing not one, not two, but three men of sexually abusing her and recording it and drugging her.


Hmm. So the thought is that maybe there's a sex tape that's about to come out. And so if she went on the floor, they can't do anything about it. Now she's not filed charges against any of them. She just went on the floor, made these accusations, but did not go and file a case against anybody. Now if she files a case against somebody and she's found to be lying, that is a crime. Hmm. But she could go on the floor and accuse them of whatever and they can't sue her. Hmm. Gotcha. So interesting place to Yeah. Go and report most people What to believe. All women. Jasmine, I ain't never said that. Oh, okay. I was another Okay. You Accused with somebody else Say that.


Okay. Is Is it true that somebody else that works for another city member, they, they had called in and said that they had bet they was betting on a fight between Oh yeah, they wanted to see a fight. Who was that? Who was that? Oh, I don't know who it was, but we have Capitol Police. Yo, shut up man. We have Capitol Police following up on that because they called during working hours on a house phone and they were so smart that they didn't realize that all calls made on house phones are recorded. So it is recorded. We know which member's office it came from. It was a Republican outta Texas whose office it came from. They were Trying to bet on, on the floor, On the fight between you and Nancy.


Yeah. So they called my office and was like, yeah, this is what we wanna see, blah, blah blah, blah, blah. That's, we trying to place a bet some random staffer call my office. Shut up. It's the audacity force. I, I could see why they would want to see it, but this is what I'm saying. Right. Do you think that Congress could get more done if y'all actually did throw hands every now and No. Just like hockey? No, just real quick, real quick. 30 seconds. Did y'all get it out and go back? No, we don't want, want you fighting. No, You Don't want you No, I do want to ask you this because I know you gotta go. Why don't Democrats sit down? Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries, they all represent an old way of doing things that don't work anymore. People like yourself a OC y'all know how to communicate. Y'all know how to message. Why don't they let y'all be front facing in the party?


What are they holding onto? I know their positions, but forget the position. If they're not connecting with people, why are they the ones that are out front but not y'all? What Do you mean out front? I think that, I think you're, you are referencing myself and a OC because we have been out front. No, definitely. But when they talk about actual democratic leadership and who the leaders are, it's Always Oh, well that's a, that's a matter. They only point to them because of the position that they're in. Yeah. But to me that's just the position. I, I get it. And, and both of us ran for leadership positions and we were rejected by our colleagues. But that's because of those Old Emini here. So that's Because of those people who represent an old way of doing things. I get it. If they open their eyes and actually see what's going on in The World and who's connecting, who can lead us into the next generation.


Clearly it should be you and people like a LC and leadership leader. I, I get it. I will say that Hakeem decided that I can't speak for the Senate. 'cause I don't know what all was going on over there, but Hakeem decided to start a rapid response team, which is something that I proposed when I was running to become our communications director. And so I am a part of that rapid response team. And so it's just now starting to kind of take shape. And so basically my job is to officially kind of get out there and do some videos. I'm really supposed to do some lives with some other people that are on that rapid response team so that like when things happen in real time, we're responding. But another thing Emini here, there's just a lot that we could be doing and I'm hoping that we get a lot more aggressive.


Right. Because I think the Stance you are, I don't like when you lump yourself with them. Well, well hakeem them need to get more aggressive. Well, I'll say They be on some sucky Shit. Well, what I'll say is that like for instance, you know, there's been this kind of attitude of well, we can't deal with all the stuff that he got coming out. Like we not gonna be able to. And I, I get that to a certain extent, but I do think that at a very minimum it provides some semblance of comfort and confidence for the American people when they see us pushing back every single day. That's right. And it may not be every single thing that he does in a day, but pushing back on like the thing of the day, right? Like we literally need to be like, okay, so this is the dumb thing for the day, right?


Like just a a little, even if it's five minutes, this is the big one for the day, right? And we go after it. And so I think that we do have to get more aggressive and decide every single day. Like this is just what it is. Like I told my staff, I'm like, y'all had it good last term. I know y'all thought y'all didn't, but I'm like, we actually now have to work 10 times harder than we did before because we've gotta make sure people understand how bad these policies are and what's happening. If we don't communicate it in real time, then we're doomed. That was the problem, even when we were trying to get the White House back, is that we did not communicate in real time the good things we were doing. That's right. Now they're like, oh wait a minute, those wait a minute.


So the overdraft fees, that was Joe Biden, they reduced it so it wasn't more than five thou $5 per overdraft. And now the Republicans have filed a bill saying, you know what? We want those overdraft fees to go back up because again, they're looking out for the rich people, not the people who is struggling, who has overdraft fees? Is it the rich people or is the people live in check to check people live in check? So the people that kept saying, oh no, he is for the middle class. No he is not. No he is not. And they tried to convince you that the Democrats had done nothing, but they had, they had consistently done things for the middle class. It's just that. And so when, even when Democrats are like, oh, we're not the party of the middle class anymore. Yes we are, our policies are clear.


'cause overdraft fees, that's not for rich people. But now it is about to be for rich people. You know why? Because again, we're seeing a government that wants to pray on those that are struggling so that others at the top can benefit to some ridiculous amount of money. And that's what we're about to go through. So I'm just like, listen, if you were broke and thought he was your guy, well God bless you. All right. Hakeem Jeffries can never talk like that. I just want you to know that. All right. I just wanted Chuck Shema can never speak the way you spoke for people alone To know that, thank you Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, we Appreciate you. We appreciate, Need your service. I appreciate Y'all. Thank you so much. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really, last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts or.