
In this election, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America, and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win, we win. I'm Gonna keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris for president.


Everyone loves getting good advice and stand in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there


From producer LeBron James and directors Sidney Freeland comes Res ball. A new Netflix film Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team faced their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player. The team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and now playing only on Netflix.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club. Long the rosa of filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Yes it is. We Have Swerve Strickland. Ladies and gentlemen, What's going on? What's going on? Everybody? Superstar? Yes sir. Former a w World Champion. Congratulations. Yes. First Black. A w, world champion. There you go, man. One of the last ones in the last decade and the industry wide. So I'm really proud of that. So why, Why is EEW so red hot right now? Like we had a Mercedes Monet Update. Yeah, yeah. Shout out Mercedes. Thank you for coming in and opening this door for aw to come in for me to come and do it again.


But it's our roster, it's our talent, it's our drive, it's our revolution of the style of pro wrestling. It's also the vast variety that we offer. And for me, it's like also the inclusivity. It's the, like the, the top Japanese wrestlers in The World, the top Lu chadors in The World from Mexico. The top talent is from Canada. Like of all time where you're getting all of it You know. It's also that hunger that we have. We're always feel like we're fighting to prove it. You know, we're always feel like we, we, there's something to prove. There's something to fight for and progress to every single week, three times a week on television. TBS and TNT. So there's a lot to fight for and there's a lot to prove.


And, I think And I feel like you see that and you feel that in our matches and our promos, our product You know. Now How did you get into wrestling? Tell us that story. What made you say You? know what mom, dad, I wanna be a wrestler. It was mainly mom. So I went to the military right after high school, like two weeks after I graduated high school. My mom literally was our, my recruiter and she was also my sister's recruiter. So she got us, she both recruited us, civilian wise, civilian recruiter got us both recruited to the same unit. And I went three years after my sister went in, did my two, two months in basic training. Did my eight weeks, eight months after that. So I didn't come home for like another 10 months after this.


I'm 16, 17 years old doing this on my own. I come back And, I was just like You know what? Like I was working a job. I was, my first job was at Comcast Cable. I was a like installing cable in people's homes. Then I went to like, I got laid off from that job. Then I went to just packing trucks at UPS at four in the morning. And I was like, alright, You know what if I'm gonna be doing this, I'm gonna be working hard. I'm wanna do, I'm gonna work hard at something that I'm passionate about. Something that like I don't think I can do. I want try to do something that I don't think I can do. And pro wrestling was just something I was just passionate about since I was 12. And I was like, he was watching, he Was a wrestling fan. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Like it was the video games that really got me hooked. It was my friends.


Which one? Smack down. Shut your mouth. Gotcha, Gotcha. You got you. Gotcha. You got, that was the one. It's just like the roster was crazy. Like the stories was crazy. And this is the athleticism. But Ray Mysterio is the one that really got me and very underrated Wrestler. I think Ray Mysterio is, He's the greatest lucid of all time. And I think like his impact is just like crosses over so much and so big respect to Uncle Ray. He's still a good friend of mine. So I would say it was just like, okay, I had the military to fall back on if anything was to happen. So I had that. Let me move down to Virginia from Pennsylvania. Lemme start my wrestling career. I called this promoter, Dave McLeod told me to come through.


I moved down Sunday. I was training on Tuesday. My mom paid my first month tuition and then I had a month to get a job to pay for the rest of the way. And sure enough, that's what, that was the rest of my journey. So You, you come from a military family though, right? Like Yeah. Your parents? Both. Both of 'em or My, my dad. Yeah. Okay. My dad was served in De Desert Storm. Damn. So What made you want to get into it just because your dad did it or It was something my mom thought was a good foundation to start my So you didn't have a choice As a man. Your mom was like, your mom made you. Yeah. You must bad too though. Yeah. That's seen bad. 16, 17, they shipping you off to the military. 16 you said Hey. Yeah, 16. Yeah, I graduated at 17. I was like, boom. Two weeks later I was on a bus. Damn. Yeah. But it wasn't bad.


It was just like, I'm actually like, at the time I was like, man, I wanna just go out and do what my friends are doing. I want to like You know, see The World. I wanna like have fun. Let me at least like sleep on the couch for two weeks. Gimme something. But that's what started me to learn how to be a man and to go after things. Not because like, man, oh, this is something you can kind of put off. No. If If you don't do it yourself, it's not getting done. Yeah. Like You know, I gotta learn to shave, I gotta learn to do my laundry. I gotta learn to buy a plane ticket. I gotta learn to do all these things. And, I did it because I was in a, I was put in a position that I didn't have the choice. I had to learn it. I had to be these, I had to put myself in these situations.


And so when I started my wrestling journey in my career, I was like comfortable. I was like, oh, what's the worst that could happen? Oh, You know what, let me try that. Let me do that. And it's like that fear and that confidence, that fear went away. My confidence grew and that's like resonated with my work and my wrestling. And you entered in into WE At first? No. No. That, that came like 10 years later. Okay. So how, what was the build like? What was the journey up like what Independence? So my first year in wrestling, 2008, I started training August, 2008. And my first match was until March of 2009. Within that time I was training, I had the military, so I had to do my drills from Virginia all the way back up to Pennsylvania.


That's a four hour drive. Whoa. Once a month. Had to get a job. Started school, ITT, tech and drafting and design. And then, so all that was going on. But then later of 2009, my oldest daughter was born. So now I was like, Ooh, that's like, that's, I'm, I'm taking on too, Too money. I'm taking on too much. At 18, something has to go. And so school had to get rid of school, found odd jobs here and there. My mom got me a job working at a cemetery and like, just doing like groundskeeper work, picking up on the grass and all that stuff. And then just, that's, that's really what my, my daughter being born, my oldest Anaya.


That's really what sparked me. I was like, okay, this has to work now. So what did, what Did these wrestling matches happen? Because You know And independent wise, When you Google stuff, you see like wrestling matches in Mexico Or, or Yeah, that's, that's the independence. That's the grind. So that's where you Would wrestle. So You just Yeah, I would do tours in Mexico. Like I didn't start doing tours till the UK in 2013, but other than that, like before that I was just like, I would get a connect. That guy would link me to this promoter and then I would just go to the show and just sit and watch the show in hopes of like, hopefully I can get booked. So I would help stack put the chairs away. I would help like, Hey, anything you need, I'm here. I'm like, I live like not that long, not far away. I, I can be back here this time. So How do You know who you wrestling? Because usually wrestling is like you, we have to know what we, what, what, what each other's doing.


Sometimes now they just throw in the ring and you just be like, go, you just figuring it out. You just figure It out. That that's part of the, that's part of it. Lot of when you mimicing moves you saw in the video game or All the time. Okay. When I first got in, I was just doing like, I thought this was cool. I thought like, I used to do this all the time to hit the button do would work. So I was like that would I translate that? But then when I started training, I was like really finding it. I was like, yo, that this doesn't, this isn't me. I don't, I shouldn't be doing this. Then like, but getting in the ring, you find that stuff out. So that's where I was like, I need to get in the ring more. I need to get in the ring with people. I, I like, I don't like I that match me. That don't match me. I need to give people a variety of talents and body shapes and all this stuff, tags this, all that. So I just like spread my variety of like knowing who I am and figure out who I am and then like also understand how to get better and how to make myself an asset on any show with any promoter.


Gotcha. How'd you get the name Swerve? Big Sean? Man, I'm a big, big Sean fan. Oh, SWER. Yeah. That's, so does he Know that? Hopefully, hopefully this gets out there and just, but Big Sean, I'm a big fan of yours. I actually talk to say it ain't tone a lot and he's the one that will help write, I don't f with you and stuff. So I I, I'm like a degree away from Sean. I never met him. But when Mercy came out that was over, that, that was hard. I was like, And I was looking for like a, a nickname. I was like Shane Strickland at the time. I named my name Sha myself, Shane because I like the, the rhythm of like Shane Strickland. Yeah, yeah. I was like a cool, but I also had a cat named Shane that ran away and when I lived in Germany, but that's another story itself. But it was just like, I needed like a boxing acronym, like Sugar Shane Moseley something, something something like You know And I was like swear.


I was like, that's it. Wow. Because it just felt like it was like a hip hop crossover and it felt smooth and it felt rights. Luther Big Sean. So how different is it? Is it Stefan? Yeah. Yep. How different is Stefan Strickland from Swerve Strickland? The, I feel like Swerve Strickland is a persona that's just my child. Like wander, just put on display. I have a lot of things about myself as a child watching a lot of cartoons, watching a lot of like anime, playing a lot of these video games, doing all like listening to music. I listen to watching the movies that I watch. I take all those things and it's combined to make what Swerve is. And as the years If, you watch me from 20 13, 20 12 I would say is really where it started taking off.


And then 13, 14, 15, you saw the Swerve persona just mature and grow. So that's why I'm really proud about what Swerve has become. 'cause you saw, you've ultimately seen Swerves age of 10 years plus, and now you're but, but a lot of people are just seeing it from like 2020 2 23 on now. But If, you go back in my career, you've seen Swerve the origin of that 20 20 12 You know, I, I'll ask Mercedes the same question. 'cause You know I'm from the era where it WCW and then WWE with everything. Yeah. Yeah. So when you see people leave WE to go to companies like a EW, to me that's unheard of. 'cause I, I thought WWE was the cream of the crop.


So what? Yeah. What made you walk away from wwe? I, it wasn't my choice. It was just like we got fired. Oh yeah. Fired. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But it wasn't like my own, my, I did something. It was just a political landscape of things. It was like the pandemic people coming outta the pandemic. There was a lot of like layoffs going up and down offices, talent. Like you were we, me and you would have a match Wednesday you fired on Friday. I'm like, what happened? Wow. Like you were literally booked so you didn't do anything wrong, but it was just like these cutting costs left and right. So a lot of people felt the effects of that. And it was out of our hands. It was out of like triple H's hands. There's nothing he could do. It was just like, it was just so high up.


And eventually we got drafted as SmackDown, as a group, as hit Roe. And that's why I was like, like with Vince McMahon finally listening to him now and talking with him, it wasn't very long. I didn't get a lot of time up there. But just that little bit, that little glimpse of that window is enough to like change my mindset to make me better. Is it someplace you would wanna go back to? Like You know, let me build myself up an a w then maybe go to w Nah, I, I'm happy with building a, I'm happy with building myself an A right A's given me something that I don't think WW could ever give me. And I'm really proud. I'm, I'm really proud of that And I wave the flag proudly because Tony Kahn didn't take a chance on me.


You know he knew what he wanted from me and he put me in the position and he was like, now grow And. I'm like, okay, what avenues do I have to grow? He's like, whatever you want. There was no parameters, there was no red tape. And I learned how to just become like a true businessman on top of just a professional wrestler. That's why the mogul persona is truly personified in Aw. Is literally let me be my best self as a man and a professional. So that's What they gave you, they gave you that they gave you instilled that independence entrepreneurial spirit in you. Yes. It's crazy. Your Mercedes answers are basically like identical. Kind Of same. Yeah. It it's beautiful. I haven't even listened to her stuff Yet. Yeah, that's crazy. She here this morning. No, it's dope also too because it just shows how much the game is changed.


Right. And it's because to me that's just a reflection of how the whole world is now. Like all the non-traditional institutions. No, it's out the window. Yeah, it's out the window. And like, so last night I came in You know Caz, A guy suit the cas. Yeah. Shout out Caz. He invited me on ab to the Apollo Theater to watch the unveiling of the evolution of the black quarterback. And Roger Goodell was there. This is like the Paul Theater. Roger Goodell was there. I'm watching Michael St. Strand on stage. Michael Vick, Jalen Hertz, all like, all talking about the evolution, where they went, all these like struggles that the black quarterback went through and that like coaches in the league, the infrastructure really thinking like the black man is not capable of playing quarterback because they're not smart enough through all plays and do these things and stuff.


And it's talking about like, he's not, he shouldn't be paid this wage. He's above market value. And I'm sitting here like, man, there was an article like a month ago about me getting my new contract, one of the highest contracts in wrestling recently, And, I'm a, I'm paid above market value. I'm like, these are like 50 years apart and we're still having the same conversations. Right? So I like, we're still like that. That's what a w's beautiful for. And that's what I'm proud to be there. 'cause it's like we're shaking the foundation again like they did 50 years ago and we're doing it now with pro wrestling. And if I gotta be the, the the person do that alongside Tony Conn and we stand still, we stand strong. I'm like, no, that's our world champion.


That's the lead of our company at this moment. And he's gonna be the face of the franchise for years to come. And I'm riding with that. It took a coach from 1970 to do the same thing for his quarterback, right. For Doug Williams to win a championship. And some, he said at the end of the documentary, it's on Amazon when you can watch it now. He said, when Michael Vick asked him, he was like, what's what's the legacy? What's your legacy that you wanna leave behind? And Doug was like, If, you write the history of the league. Can they leave your name out of it? That's how You know you made an impact. Mm. So eventually when the history books of a w gets rewritten or however that story's told, you can't leave Sw Strickland out of it.


And I feel like that's why I need to be in a And You, you bought your, your mother's childhood home or your childhood home? I did in a sense. Okay, break that down. So I'm a man nine out here manager. As soon as that we got that contract, we took the bonus money and we went back to where, a spot where I grew up on where we moved from back from Germany when I was a military brat. And we settled on the place and was like, yo, we got a chance to actually make a bid for it. So we make the bid actually bought the property and sure enough we, it was in, it's still in my name, the property and the land's still in my name.


But as you can see If, you watch a arrival of mine that's, we've been going on Blood Feud for a year now. Hangman page. I despise this man and he hates me probably more In real life. You gotta watch the see, you gotta watch the see gotta watch the show. Wait, continue house. What you do to the house. House? Yeah. Because I was looking Oh y'all, y'all in? Yeah. Yeah. Y'all invested. Yeah. Hey, so went to the contract signing on TV on Dynamite. He doesn't show up. Pops up on the screen. You see that Hangman is actually at the house that I purchased and it's like, hasn't been remodeled or anything yet.


This man walks in pouring gasoline all over the place. All over the place. And, I can't do anything. I don't like he's there. I'm here. Don't know if it's live feed. Don't know if it happened already. We don't know if it's pre-taped or nothing goes in, sits down on the couch on a, like an, and it's an old couch. I remember this couch when I was little. It was an old couch. He sat back, he sat down on, on the, out on the front lawn, lights a match and the match runs all the way around and goes in the house and burns down right in front of me on live TV. Is Did y'all plan that? I couldn't plan that. Why Isn't in Jail for arson? So is being arson? Yeah, I'm asking the same thing. I'm like, You gotta turn the snitch riling. I'm asking the same thing.


You gotta Tell on him. Definitely. You gotta beat his ass. Now how did your gotta take outside the ring? How did your family feel? Yeah. I have yet to talk to my mom about that. You know I should call her. When Did this, Like maybe two, three weeks ago. Maybe. Maybe longer. Maybe longer. Three weeks Ago my mom would've been called me. So have you seen him in the street? Any of these? Do you have to fight in the, in the, in the ring? Do you see him in the street and just punching in the face The next time I saw him since after that we had all out the pay-per-view in Chicago. Yeah. Had the cage match. The cage match. That was the last time I saw him. And 10,000 people sold out. Matter of fact, that was like maybe what, four days between then we were at six, 7,000 tickets sold.


That aired. We went to 10,000 sold out. Boom. We main event an unsanctioned match. Unsanctioned means a w wipe their wipes, their hands cleans of anything that happens in this match. Oh, y'all Could kill each Other in the ring. We can do whatever we want. And they, and is, there's no lawsuits. So we take, we have to take it a little bit above You know the ramifications of what just a regular street fighter, hardcore regular cage match usually is. So have the cage match. He's, I bring out the cinder block. I drop him his head on, on a solid cinder block bow. He power bombs my back on the cinder block. Solid. I still have sciatic nerve damage on my back from this.


Then he takes, he pulls out a from his jacket coat a syringe, a hypodermic hypodermic needle. And he takes it and pokes it right through my cheek, stabs me, and it goes all the way through. Takes it. Soap opera. Is this, Is that why you been in my a You still getting yourself together? I'm still trying to figure myself out. Out. He's Such, what was it? I'm not medically cleared though. Yeah. What was in syringe? What was it in syringe? I don't know. I didn't put it in there. You didn't check. How could I They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court justices. Probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump.


Hey, speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for you. What's that? Making sure the guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president


from producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes Res ball. A new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team faced their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player. The team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of state championship alive. Re ball is rated PG 13 and now playing only on Netflix.


Seeing Our communities grow and thrive as something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Yeah, It came outta his jacket. Hell, you could check the syringe. You go to the doctor and see what was in his Said the syringe was in his stick. Yeah, he stabbed me. And then he takes a a a a fold metal chair. Bashes over my head. Goes right through. I I knocked out completely. So he won. He won. Did he He won Jesus because won by Knockout. But still to this day, that man has yet to pin has, has yet to actually pin me or make me submit. So lemme ask you questions. Beat me yet. So during that, where your peoples at, they ain't jump in the ring and help you. It's a cage out, locked out. Locked out the cage, my friend. Yeah. So you're not, you're still not medically cleared? I'm not medically not, no, I'm not medically cleared. So I won't be at Grand Slam tonight. So what's the point in doing all of that? What, What's the point? Because then you can't fight. Right now It's passion's.


The money That for that cage you gotta Put to his crib. Man. Yo, like I said, I already saw my new co my contract extension. I'm set. Okay. But I still wanna do these matches because I'm passionate about this business. I'm passionate about my company. She asked me if the money was good. Something something was said about you that I've never heard. They said people in the WWE felt your contract was above market price. Yeah. Yeah. How? I've never heard somebody complain if somebody got too much money. That's that's what you said earlier. Well, they only Complain when a black person gets paid. Yeah, I'll say that. When it gets paid. And that's what, once again, we shake the foundation of things like that 'cause it's like, oh snap wait. And it's not what we would pay. I'm like, then why are you calling me? Why you, why you asking me? Right. You know, like if we're, if I'm not your concern, don't worry about it.


Yeah. Don't worry about my pockets and our money. We good. Like you got, you have your talent and you have like, you made your decision with me two years ago. No, no. Hard feelings for me. Boom. I keep it moving. I'm gonna figure my way out. And. I'm gonna build myself up. Is It true they tried to resign you? W Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well it wasn't like the words resign. They asked about my availability. Mm. You know. So that was like, came up a but they never contacted me. They contacted my representation and I'm in a stage now, which I enjoyed the fact that I don't have that direct contact. When, when you are progressing and getting higher and you like in rooms with guys like, like people like you and stuff, you gotta kind of keep a little bit of a space in between these type of conversations.


'cause it's like, you can check my phone. It's never been there. Like I never had direct contact. It's always I want to keep that little space. But it has been, it has been a communication has been reached out. Now I've seen the reaction. I I met you in the airport and like, just, just stopping to have a conversation. People was walking by Swerve You. know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. So people you definitely having an impact In New York is bigger than I thought. We just, me, me and my man Flash Garments, we just did Sneaker Con in Coney Island like two days ago. And there's like big names walking around. You know, like Queen Flip walking around. You got like, You know a lot of like Stefon Marbury's walking around there. But I'm getting a lot of shout outs. I'm like, like yo, I watch it all the time. Like where like, and they're like, oh man.


Like oh my God, I just watched the paper. Are you okay? Are you like checking on me? And I'm like, it's a lot of people. And it's like, wow, this is like growing bigger than I ever expected. Like the impact. And so it's like, how can you with that kind of stuff, it's like you can't see that kind of interaction on social media and Twitter. Interactions and comments are never gonna show you the impact of an actual person. And like, giving you that type of love. And I appreciate that. That's like, that's my market value right there. That explains it to me. 'cause it's like these are, these people aren't commenting, telling you all this stuff. Right? These people are here with you in person. These people are gonna show up wherever you go. These people are gonna buy your product and like, are gonna wear it with pride and show like, yo, this is my guy.


I'm rooting for him. No matter what he does, I'm gonna be there. You know. Now f That when you getting your get back man, when you getting Hangman again? When's that match? When? As soon as, As you get back, bro. As soon as I get my my medical clearance, man, I'm, it's outta my hands right now. When you go Back in for another like retry for the clearance Right now, we'll see like maybe another week or so. I gotta go to LA in between that time. So I got some other business ventures in between this. But yeah. So where Hangman live, man, you gotta pull up on his crib, man. I've been to, I've been to his old house. Yeah. If you can watch. Look back. I've literally trespassing started this whole thing because I went to his house and talk with his Child. I'm gonna be working with the cops because how y'all be doing all this and don't nobody get locked Up. Nana's a bad man, bro. He, he be hiding yo, he is a bad man.


He be hiding like he be, he'd be talking his way out. He talks to me outta outta situations or into him some good, some bad here and there. What Do you want more? You want to, you want get back on Hangman more or getting your title back? Mm, that's a good question. Mm. Maybe one day it might be one and the same. 'cause Hangman's on a streak right now. He is like on a war path in a lot of ways. Him, him pressing me has made him better. Mm. And I brought out something great in him that eventually with my absence, he probably will be a world champion again. So maybe at that time I'll get both.


I get my get back and The World championship at the same time. But that's the effect of what Swerve brings to this roster of Ali Wrestling. I make your guy better and in turn he makes me better. So it's almost like we're slinking each other. Like he pulls me up to the main event. And I become this main event. And I make history First Black a w World champion first Black world champion. The main event Wembley Stadium ever in history of that building. And then boom cage match. I can't do nothing with him. He takes me out, my body's wrecked. He comes, he becomes better. I bring, I bring him back to the main event scene. So it's like, it's, it's, we're killing each other but at the same time we're bettering each other at the same time.


And the product. And You, you do music too, Right? Yes sir. You rap? Oh yeah, yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Yep. I got three albums out with my co my group member Swerve in Swerve City, Montey. He's been signed with Ruff Ryder back in the day when he was like 17 years old. And he taught me everything I know about rap. And then me and my man Flash garments like last month put out a project motion sickness and he's taken me to another level 'cause he's been on the writing team with Kanye West on the Donda album. You know, we went to the Grammys together two years ago and watched our producer Prophet win two Grammys for the songs that he put out. So I'm in a great team and window with these guys.


You know. So I'm learning from, I'm learning at the later stage in my life, but I'm learning the right way rather than trying to go 10 years of doing it. Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong. So yeah, we're doing great stuff with music right now and we're going to continue to do more. I have songs with Benny, the Butcher West Side, gun's been on our records. West Side Big wrestling fan. Big, big, huge. I don't know him personally, but I just know that he's a big wrestling fan. Hilarious dude. Fun dude. Bun B is a mentor of mine becoming a mentor. Who kids hosting our records. You know. Born at West Side. Did you it walked you out or something? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. At Wembley Wembley Stadium. Yeah. We're doing, we're doing a lot of great stuff, man. How'd you connect with them? Just off, just through the wrestling.


Yeah. My man, Albert Gentil, he's, he's honestly the one that really personified the mogul character. The persona of what Swerve is is when IF first came out, they really started getting motioned to tag team champion and stuff. He brought Kevin Gates and we had Kevin Gates do something on the show. We brought Rick, Rick Ross in. He'd done something on the show. Fabulous. Came out with us on Grand Slam two years ago in New York. Recently had Jim Jones do my intro of Man, you name it. Like Flash brought Floyd Mayweather to sit front row in Vegas when I did my world title match.


How Important is it to merge culture with with with wrestling It's, it is really big because people don't know what it is. What wrestling truly is until you like, or, or I would say support it. You gotta like something, whatever it is, you gotta see what you like and then it becomes, then you start supporting it. But you don't know what you like If, you don't watch it and something that has to attract you to like it. And so doing all these things like, oh that's a familiar face. If he's there, let me peek at it. Let me just check it out. And If, you check it out, you're like, oh, You know what I do like this. You know when, when's the show come on. And then when the next time they're in town, I got the kids, I got my girlfriend, I got this. Like I got my friends. You just, you gotta pique that interest a little bit.


Just, just enough to get people to like something. Then the, when they like it enough and they wanna see it again, then it becomes an investment. The investment becomes like a group. The group becomes a community and then the community, the community becomes a fandom. And that's slowly but surely how like you kind of grow a product and you, and it may take two weeks, may take two, five months, may take three years. But my philosophy, my personal trainer, Nile, shout out to him. He tells me like when we started training a year and a half ago, I was like 1 93 now I got up to two 20. He got me to 2 15, 215 pounds in three months. He said 1% a day is 365% a year.


So just move 1% a day in a year. You're gonna triple with your investment, but you gotta just move one bit. That's right. And that's my philosophy with everything I do. Music, just get one new fan, just get one new stream. Then wrestling, just get one new fan. Just get one guy to buy one shirt, just one. And You know you just move something forward every single day. You Got this, you dropping sneakers now, right? Yes. Yeah, we actually Have them. That's why you were at Sneaker Con. Yeah. Okay. So with the Oh, you have 'em. Look. Oh, I forgot to get you envy size. Yeah, I See 'em. Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah. You never text me back about size My fault. We brought 'em in last, brought the big pressures right here. That's my logo. So is this too just a part of You know understanding that like even fashion as culture connects?


Absolutely. Oh, it's Fine. Yeah. And that's what it's about. Like it's it feel Light. Yeah. Very. These, these are the shoes. I literally won The World championship in. They Kind of look like Jordans. Is that right? Yeah. It on purpose Vibe. You got Mosh. I designed it and then I had Mosh make it. So shout out Mosh, he's shout out to, He's a legendary Sneaker designer. Yeah. He's designed shoes and put 'em in like dope. He's designed shoes for like step on Diggs. He wears on the field and stuff like Curry, like LeBron. He's giving like these designs and shoes and mixed them all up. But I'm the first wrestler to have his own brand shoe. Wow, Okay. Yeah. What size Charlemagne Post. Oh, that's why I didn't text you that. I, that's that's literally why I forgot to text you. I don't think you should text another man asking his shoe side.


This is an 11 You know as I was you, I'm gonna leave my with all You know. Oh, so you got your right size then Nom. That's a, that's an 11. He needed 10. Oh, I'm put up here with with So I'm bigger than you. Oh wow. Fatman Scoop. What? Okay. Okay. What say? He said he's Bigger than you. So em's, we got Vegas Jones sneakers up there. NLE Chapel Chop. You said Fat Man Scoop. I said Fat Joe. Oh, fat Joe. Okay. Okay. That's a, that's a huge honor to be up there with these guys. I was at And, I was at Roland ly when Choppa did the drop those drop those drop the shoes and the song Dope. How can they order these? Oh, we gonna be dropping a link very soon. But m is gonna have, it's gonna be, it's gonna be lit.


We have a, we have like, we have like 70 pairs. How did have Sneaker Con World embrace 'em? It's, it's still new and it's fresh because it's like, this is like a all purpose shoe. It's like you can play basketball, 'em you can dance in them. You wear 'em as fashion. I've literally like had multiple matches on Pay-per-view and TV and Main Event with these shoes. Oh, okay. And they had like the most comfortable shoe I've ever had and I've wrestled 15 years. It's probably the most comfortable footwear I've ever had in the ring. So we're going to start bringing 'em out more. 'cause we had to get like branding, we had to get the trademarks and logos. We had to like do a sample then bring it back. Yeah. You know how the production works, but now it's ready. And how Much are they for people that wanna buy 'em?


How can they buy 'em if they Want? We're gonna be, it is gonna be two 50 and we're gonna be bringing 'em out slowly, one by one, like by a link and when we're gonna drop that link very, very soon. So be ready and when that, when the link drops, soon as you click on make the order, it's coming to you. Alright. You know I wanna ask you one more question. If, you go. Yeah. Yeah. How big of an influence was Sean Michaels on you? Huge. Growing up watching him, I had to go back and look at his tapes from like his prime years. But he was huge. And he still to this day, like he'll text me like, happy birthday, happy Father's Day and I'll text him back. Happy Father's Day and stuff like that. We still have a good a, a good relationship.


He was the influence on when I really took off in my WWE NXT era, And I was just like stuck in like hitting this wall over and over again weekly. And like I was having these tr conversations with Triple HI was getting this run around. I wasn't really getting anywhere. Then I got a, a promotion one day. And I was just like not happy about it. I was like, I don't feel like I earned the promotion. I felt like you just paying me to keep me here rather than like paying what I earned You know. And so like, I spoke out about it. I was like, I wanna be learning under Sean. He was like, well, yada, yada, yada. Matt Bloom was like saying yada yada yada, whatever. But his office over there, I'm like, oh bet And I walked over to Sean And. I was like, Hey can we, can we do tape study?


I didn't know you could do that. Me neither. Oh. But I was like, but like, but that's those little unwritten rules that's like is there, but it's like, oh I could just do this. Why am I not? But there's no rule of saying you can't, but there's no rule saying you can, there's no, there's no push to give you that. You gotta find it within yourself to be like, You know I am good enough. Well let me take that leap. And worst case scenario, I'm right back to square one where I was. So I just took the leap. And I was like, Sean, can I watch tape with you sometime like an hour, something like that. He's like, gimme three matches. Email 'em to me and we'll I'll pick one and we can watch it on on Tuesday. Sure enough, he was up, lived up to his word. We watched the match of like me on the Indies from like four years ago. He's like, I wanna see the reason you got here.


What's the reason that we signed you to this contract to be here? I wanna watch that. So we watched these stuff and he is like, he's quiet, just watching, watching and like guys like that. They're not gonna, oh ha ha ha no they're just gonna watch. Like William Re was very much like that too. And he's just like, match was over. He stopped. He is like, I know exactly the kind of per performer you are now. Now I know who you are now I know what you can offer. Next thing You know, he's in meetings talking about TV, the, the night before. And he is texting me, he is like, okay, they wanna see you get a little more aggressive and stuff like that. So bring it the next match. I'm like, that's it, that's all I gotta do. Next Match beating the hell outta me.


And Bronson re going back and forth, he comes bit back and he was like, it was like a football coach after the match. He was like, smash him in the as was like, that's what I'm talking about. There you go. Yeah. So I was like, yeah, I got that from Sean. Next thing You know North American championship match happened. Wow. Next thing You know tv. I'm getting the microphone to talk now live. I get to show my personality more because anybody can just be a wrestler but show who you are and be comfortable in the camera to really like flash your stuff. Like I'm wearing, I'm wearing like T-shirts that aren't even a WWE approved. I'm wearing like my in my friend's shirt from back in the day. I'm like, I don't know. I'm getting away with this. I'm gonna try some more stuff. When you get like that, you get comfortable. Then when you're comfortable, the crowd's comfortable.


Right? And when the crowd's comfortable, the crowd's having fun and then they're having fun with you now. It's a vibe. It's like a concert, a comedy show. If the comedian's having fun and joking, I'm comfortable enough to laugh with this guy, the stranger, I'm comfortable enough to get loud, yell back, Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta open them up like that. And when, that's where I really start opening up and that's what got me ready for a w to do it in stadiums weekly in the arenas. It got me to do it with black audiences, white audiences in Canada got me to do it in uk, got me to do it in like all these other places. Now it's like I can just own a room and be comfortable in it.


Not like that feeling of like anxiety. 'cause I can overtake it, but now like I shut that down and I'm zoned in. So, but all that started from those tape studies with Sean. The reason I love that is because You know a lot of times folks will just be like either they not gonna gimme no mentorship or yeah. You know. Oh they not gonna want to talk to me, but close mouth don't get fed. Just the fact you went in hollered at him. He was willing to share the information. And I think he re I he respected the fact that I was like, looked them dead in the eye as a man. I was like, I want to get better. 'cause I know I can. As like, if you're coaching a football team, you want to put people on the field that you that know they can win.


That you don't want people that are like, ah, I don't know, eh, If you hire and it go and that translates to regular life. You don't wanna hire the, the the plumber that's like, ah, I might be able to fix your toilet. Eh, I'm kind of, but I don't know. No. I'm like, I'm the best plumber in the freaking east, east western hemisphere and south of the Mississippi. Right? You want people that know that they can do the job and, and if You know that you can do the job, you're gonna pay 'em whatever price. 'cause I need it done. I need it done. Well then And I need it done fast right now. All right. It's gonna cost you though, but it will be done. Alright, You know what? Here's a tip that's market value Swerve strictly, ladies and gentlemen.


That's right. We appreciate what you follow us this Morning at Swerve Confident on all social media platforms, man, myself. Flash garments. We got the motion sickness album out that has the big pressure Tri remix with BUN B and West Side Gun on there with who Kid hosting the entire album. Let's play it. Play it please. Let's play it For the love of God. Play That you got a clean version Cress Ball. Let's play It. Not to mention the Night at Grand Slam Man. Or where were we? Grand Slam Arthur as stadium This Wednesday. Let's going on. Well, let's Swerve Strickland. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open earbuds or stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content. Like iHeartRadio Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe. Setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be With Roku TVs, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


My Fives Casino.


Hi five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com I five Casino


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.