
There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything. That can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each. Well qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply C att.com/iphone for details.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by by public investing member Fin Rent. SIC, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new Jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste at moves you scan your Coke. Are Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the Unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo co copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the all new podcast There and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished A truck, and two People just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire, but which victim was the intended target and why? Listen to Therein gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration in the United States. Since it was established in 1861. There have been 3,517 people awarded with a medal. I'm Malcolm Gladwell and our new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeart Media is about those heroes, what they did, what it meant, and what their stories. Tell us about the nature of courage and sacrifice. Listen to Medal of Honor, stories of courage on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. You got the brother Ken Ivy. AKA Pimpy. Ken, welcome brother. What's up? What's up Ivy? How you feeling? What Charlamagne? What's up miss? Hilarious. How are you? How are you sir? Man, I'm well man. Who? Who is Pimp and Ken for people who don't know. Well, You know A lot of times when people say Pimp and Ken, they put a period right, but they need to put a comma. I'm also a author. I wrote two books, pimpology before they Lost the Game. Also the Art of Human Chess. I'm also the founder and chairman of the Hip Hop Fraternity, our CEO from New York.


James ccb, gray You know he's also part of, I'm also a manager. Mike Fresh You. know that song. Throw that ass in a circle. Yes. Oh yeah, yeah. Him right there. That's Mike Fresh. Okay. So he's signed to me. Also have several businesses, You know I have my own social media site. I have my own HHF magazine. We do our award show in Atlanta every year. All the celebrities come. So You know I'm a collage of everything You. know what I'm saying? But I started off as a young hustler in the streets of Chicago. I got caught up early, caught a case, attempted murder. It wasn't really attempted murder, they just was just in the race, race, racial part of, of Chicago Oak Park.


And they just gave us the worst charge they gave And. I was 14. So my mother moved me to Milwaukee, got to Milwaukee, caught another case. And then You know, I just started my journey You know in the streets. And then eventually You know I was robbing banks and went to the Feds and went to the state prison. I was like, man, You know this ain't working. So when I got out, ended up getting in another game, the Pimp game, and I became legendary. I won Pimp of Year, international Pimp of Year. We did a movie called Pimp Up Hose Down. Oh you feel I remember that. Did American Pimp You know And I became this infamous Pimp You know 50 now You know 51 50 Did that sound problem Tribe If you a pimp like Ken while the Ho Don't Treat You.


All the rappers started rapping about me. Then when that movie came out, You know Charlemagne and Envy. Hilarious. I, it's just, I had to make a change 'cause now I'm exposed. You hot. It was like I snitched on myself so to speak You. know what I'm saying? And so my daddy said, boy, you a fool. You just to everybody your business. So while HBO was shooting their movie, I was shooting my movie too. Pimpology. So that's the movie that's on Instagram now at Pimp King podcast. I got that on on there right now. You know it's for free, but I made millions of dollars off of it. It was all on BET commercials and stuff like that. Then I also got into daycare businesses. I got into retail stores.


And I just started becoming the businessman. And next thing You know, I'm in Atlanta and that's when Big Meat was kind of popping. And I'm down there and Jermaine Capri said, Hey man, I want to be on my album. So that album Instructions, that's me on there with Money Holes in Power Me and Bum Be. And then after that, Lil John called me. I did two albums with him. I did two songs with Two Short. I did a song with E 40 down five songs with Pimp CI did about five songs with Pastor Troy Puffy. He had me do a song with Loom. So I did a song with Loom. I'm on that, that Loom album too. And that's crazy 'cause I was just talking to a man Hoffer, he was asking me about Puffy.


I said, man, You know. I don't have the perspective. Everybody have You know My relationship with Puffy was always business You know Puffy You know. He called me. He said, say man, what is your publishing company? I didn't even know what the publishing company was. I said, Ken Ivan published it and You know Puffy You know. He kinda gave me some game on the publishing. And that's how I'm able to receive residuals years later after You know, getting that game from Puffy You know Puffy You know he invited me to his parties and shit. You know, I don't know if I'm cuss, but he invited me to his party and You know I come there, You know it was all Player You know, like You know me and Bishop Don Juan went to Justice here in New York. And, I never seen that type of, so I was talking to G Depp yesterday and me and G De I said, man, I don't, I don't nothing about that.


I ain't You know. I don't know what them people talking about. I said that man, he's always been a gentleman. He's always been a player with me. You know a street dude. You know and You know that's, that's just the relationship that I had with him. But You know, that's one of the things I was saying by Loom. I was on his album. So, and then who else I have, I did song with, I did the 50 cent Joint Serena Babies Boy with Hook Kid. That's me doing the narration and the talking on all that. I did the PIMP video. I did Cuckoo Cal video You know. Yeah, you did a lot. You did a lot. Yeah. Especially in your part. Yeah, but the biggest thing I did was just recently Young Man by the name McKee Moore. Y'all can look him up.


He, he just, in one month he did 2.5 million views. I just sent him to the White House and Rep representing my organization with Sister Castleberry Hernandez and Tony Mercedes representing the youth department of the Hip Hop Fraternity. But it was spearheaded by our brother James CB Gray You know. So we have relationship with the White House You know with the Anti-Gun Violence. Icet is also a member of my organization. He's my national advisor. So he did a a, a stop the violence campaign for the White House You know. And we sent that up to there and You know. So he was supposed to come, but he was overseas. So You know that's some of the things that we doing. You know we sending, we're working with the White House, we working with Sister Aisha Court.


What's her name with James. I say Cool and You know with the, what's it called again? Anti Anti Gun Valley. Yeah. But it's, it's called Street Corner Resources. Right. So with the Street Corner Resources and You know. So that's just what, what what I'm about, man. You know I made the transition You know more on a corporate thing. You know my son. You ever watched that thing All American? That's my son. What? What's it called? Yep. All American American number 14 light skinned son Ken Ivy. That's my real son. Oh wow. He's on there. He's also in a movie called Play the Flute. He's the only black dude in the movie. And he owned by by you go to his, what they call it ib.


I-M-D-B-I-M-B. Yeah. He's on about 10 or 15 movies. So You know my other son Supreme at won the Great Supreme You. know he's also doing well. He's into the music industry. So You know, even though I was in the game, You know I raised my children different. All my kids went to college. Right, right. You know because I didn't want them to go through what I went through. You know, because You know I've been shot five times. You know did many years in the penitentiary. You know just was in the game out here. Bad You know. So that wasn't the lifestyle for my children. I was able to You know, make that transition. So now one of 'em ever seen me as Pimp and Ken Did your lifestyle You know, ever make women leery of you? Because You know You. You, you introduced us to your wife when she was like, hell no, I don't wanna give Married to you.


You a pimp. Well You know it ain't, it ain't even like that You. know what I'm saying? You know. I'm You know. I'm my mama's boy. I'm one Nita's boy. You know that's my mother. Right. So she know me as You know Ken the son. She slapped me upside of my head. Now I'm six. She still slap me upside of my head. So You know that's how she look at me. You know. But You know a lot of people. They got a misinterpretation of pimping. Right. In order to be a pimp, you gotta have a hope. Unless you're a ho, it don't apply to you. If. you ain't in the game. It don't make no difference. You know what you doing. You know. So when you dealing with people, You know what I'm saying? You know like most people If, you notice Charlemagne and DJ and You know a lot of people got a lot of good things to say about Pimp King because I'm an honorable dude.


You know Pimping ain't who I am. It's what I did. You know. So that don't make that don't define me. You know. So I'm a whole different person now. So You know what I'm saying. When I, like I said, I sent all my children to college. You know. I mean I deal with people on a whole different level now. Well let's go back. Let, let's ahead. Alright, so when you were a pimp, what's the most hose you had at one time? 16. I love it. Okay. You mean you love it? I'm just saying like, because I never talked to like a real pimp before. Oh yeah, I got you. Got you, got you. Well not who he is now, but who he was You know. Well what he did. 16. Wow. I was gonna ask how, how'd you get your, how did you get your start? Like You know who was your first hole? I was introduced to. Whatcha trying to say? No? No. How was You introduced to Pimping? Like how was you introduced to it?


Like You know. Okay, like when you introduced to the drug game, somebody introduces you to your first whatever it is. If, you introduced to this. Like, so who introduced you to Pimping and said I can make some money off of this. Okay, so NVO, we was robbing banks and robbing jewelry store. It's a partner of mine named John Divine jd. Right. And so when I get outta the boys school, I go over his house. He got three chicks, right? I said, man, let me have one of 'em. He said, which one you want? Want the one that's light bright damn near white with the pussy candy strip You know? So he said, cool. He said it is yours. And then that's how I end the game. Her name was Dirty Red. I talk about it in my book. So that's how I became You know a Peace. So a brother named Star trial You, know what I'm saying? He made rest in peace. He died from Covid just two years ago.


That brother was like, Hey man, Ken You know you got to be like this. You got to You know, try to take another man's bra. You got to You know. Give a woman instruction. Ask her where she come from. Who is her mama? Who her daddy. Woo woo woo. Find everything about the bra. So he was giving me the game. And I ended up taking one of his bras. So when I took his bra, like I said, a lot of jewelry from robbing jewelry stole. I gave him a chain. So he kept my chain. He was very unp like, 'cause he couldn't accept the servant You know, because I served the news, blew a few and put his girl up on some new rules You. know what I'm saying? Even having that You know. So You know. That's how I get into that game. Then I went back to prison. So when I went back to prison, you got to remember I'm thinking like, man, I'm making some dumb moves.


I mean, here I am. I got women giving me money and I'm still hustling. So when I got there, I met a guy by the name of Pimp and Pope. He said, Ken You know to be in this game, you gotta have a triple bypass. You gotta have all the sympathy. Remove out your heart. You know. He said, You know you can't be sympathetic. And then I said, well what you doing in here with me homie? He said, oh man, You know this dude. You know he got one of my girls. And and the girl You know she was so dedicated. You know she'll light his cigarettes before he even put it in his mouth. She'll feed his stomach when he grind. He said, that's what we do. We give instructions You. know what I'm saying? That's what's all about. He said the game, it's a game of soul. So I'm listening to the dude and I'm getting the game from him and You, know what I'm saying? It clicked in me. I was doing it all wrong You know what I'm saying?


I said, man, You know I can't fall in love. I can't, ain't no love in this game. Love is like that. You falling in love with all the girls you had. I can't fall in love with nobody. I didn't even fall in love. I just, he just showed me the game. It clicked in my head. And that's when I became notorious You know with the gang. Then you gotta remember You know Charlemagne talk about mental health. I was, I, I believe I was going through some mental things. 'cause I, I was molested by my babysitter young lady when I was three years old. And then when I was in prison, my mama left me for dead. She never came to see me, but she used to come see my brother all the time. So You know what I'm saying? That gave me a disdain for women. So You know what I mean? When I dealt with women You know and this man already telling me I gotta have a triple bypass, he said, you can't have no sympathy. It was easy for me to get in that game.


Mm. So when I got in that game, You know I, I was matched with no passion. I was matched for my rash with no passion. You know. So I ain't had no feelings. People asking me how you feel, I say I feel with my hands. So that was the mentality that I had. So that caused me to be desensitized. It wasn't until I had my first child, which is Kiki, my daughter You know when I had Kiki, then I changed my mentality. You know If, you change your mentality, you change your reality, right? Yeah. So I changed my mentality and then I started having love. 'cause that was the first time I really experienced love, love, love You know. And so my daughter You know, she just kind of just made me make a lot of different life decisions. And then I realized You know that, hey man, You know, maybe you can You know do some different things.


And then when I actually got out the game, You know what I'm saying mean I had a whole different perspective. You know on women You know And I. I forgave my mother You know for what she done. You know. I mean, I love my mother to death. I was just with her and You know. But it was kinda traumatizing because You know I'm in jail. And, I can't even see her You know what I'm saying? So it just made me feel like You know man, I ain't got no respect for nobody. I'm cold hearted. I'm out here. You know whatever happened happened. And unfortunately that's what makes a good pimp, unfortunately makes a good pimp. Because when you dealing with women out there, that's in their lifestyle. They dealing with hundreds of mens every day. You know they don't have no sympathy. Right? You know you got to be coldhearted to break a trick.


You know and get some money from a man and know this man is married, know this man is in a relationship, da da y. But You know. You can't You know deal with it. So, so when you deal with the female and she come home, she's trying to run game on you too. You know, I believe God gave a woman the same thing. We gave a skunk, a white stripe and a belly full of funk. You know. So they bringing the funk home and they bringing the drama. So you got to deal with that. And If, you don't deal with that. Even If, you look at the You, know the Bible You know. It says the fall of man. Right? When you talk about the fall of man, what are you talking about? You're talking about how some woman Eve allegedly we're gonna say allegedly. 'cause we don't know people's preferences, right? In terms of religion.


Allegedly this woman dece him and he was, that's how he got naked. So if that's the, if that's the mentality in the Bible, that's the first chapter, Genesis to fall a man. We know that the woman has always been the challenge for the man. And vice versa too though. Yeah. Yes sir. Like, 'cause I mean you said it yourself like You know you had so much hurt and so much pain in your heart for women that you treated women a certain way. So If you already approaching a situation like that, she probably gonna feel that energy. So there's gonna be resistance. Right? Right. Absolutely. So I was gonna ask, I I mean you call 'em hoes, but when these women came to you, did they come to you or did you sort 'em out? Did they come for you for protection and help? Or was it one of those things where you found, like how, how did it work for people?


'cause when people hear pimps, right, they all think of old school pimps. Beat a girl up, put 'em on the, on the corner in the Bronx or on the corner on, on the old 42nd Street and make sure. So how did these women come to you? Well, You know, once you get in the gang You know you get chose with your mouth closed. You know, it's, it's, it is by choice, not by force. You know. So I was always Rolls-Royce. So always tell 'em, let your choice be Rolls-Royce. And what I mean by that is that a lot of young dudes out here, they selling these bras dreams. They're like, Hey You. know what I'm saying? Get with me. I'm gonna buy you Rolls Royce. I'm gonna buy a Cadillac. We're gonna buy you some MXs and diamonds. Well, I was already pulling up with that. So I was the dream You. know what I'm saying? So because you selling this woman a dream, she say, Hey man, I don't wanna be with Emmy no more.


I wanna be with Ken. So she'll choose up on me when she chew up on me. I'll call you, say Vy, you can break the plate. Man, that woman don't eat there no more. You know. I mean, You know. She You know she done chose up. She didn't, she let her choice be Rolls-Royce You know she didn't choose down. She chose up. So then, then you gonna be like, oh man, You know. And then in the game, it's a non-contact sport. You would have to accept that. So it's a, it is actually you, A non-contact sport. So in, in the game, there was no, you not coming from me. I'm coming from you non-contact. You lose your girl. That's It. Yeah. Yeah. Once you get knocked, man, you got accept it You. know what I'm saying? Especially I respect that If. you get knocked by Na Karachi. That was me You. know what I'm saying? They called me Na Karachi. 'cause I was knocking everything. They went nailed down. I came to New York back in 91 and every time I would peel the dude in New York, first girl, I give him a Wall Street Journal, banana say, man, it's in the news.


You've been peeled for the bro. And they be like, man, this dude is crazy. He from Milwaukee. He tripping. Then I put ketchup on it by they by they wheels and say, man, You know my game is thick as high. You'll never be thick as mine. You need to catch up because you've been in the mustard too long. You know. And then that you actually put ketchup on people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He put that was your calling card? Yeah. Huh? That like a calling card? Nah, that was when I, when I knocked him for the broad, I let 'em know like, man, listen, You know, I I didn't peel you You. know what I'm saying? I You know you give a a Chinese name. One gone Imagine like him whip ketchup bottle each wheel. Oh my God. I hate to squirt ketchup. Oh, you squirt ketchup. No. So has OnlyFans killed pimping?


Can, can pimps, can there be pimps now? Because women now can go OnlyFans make their own money. Well, You know OnlyFans. It's like You know. One brother was telling me You know about, man, the game changed. I said, bro, check this out. I said, man, when we was kids, they had typewriters. Now you got dumb people with smart phones. I said, You know the game has changed. You know it's Elevation. You know, even If, you look at your Facebook You know when you first started Facebook, it wasn't as technologically advanced as it is today or Instagram. So life evolves. Like Darvin said, evolution. So when you see evolution, you got to evolve You know. So these young people, they got to evolve. So me You know, this is my hope right here. She don't argue with me. She don't fight with me.


Charlamagne can't pimp her. You can't pimp her. Only Ken can pimp her. So pimping Ken. That's what I'm doing. I can pimp that. Well, I'm, I'm saying I'll go buy a bunch of copies of that book and sell her for double. Yeah, but you have to pay me. Pay him. You come sell it For double. Yeah, but I, I'm I what I'm saying, Charlamagne is that You know I don't have no headaches with this. No, I'm with you You. know what I'm saying? I don't have no headaches with the Hip Hop, Fraternity You. know what I'm saying? Me building young people, You know, teach 'em about Cryology. Ask Cap. Be on, I You know teaching 'em about You know to tune core You know intellectual property. You know how to get a lawyer and stuff like that. You know and You know bringing in investors. You know, like we, we trying to get investors Now You know right now we bringing in investors because we a C Corp You know what I'm, so we trying to You know.


I get that from your man too. John O'Brien, Mr. Legend. Yeah. Man. You know I got a lot. I I made him make sure event You know Mr. Hope You know. He he, he give us a lot of game. My man, Valenti, don't gimme a lot of game. Big silk gimme a lot of game. They just teach me about You know a whole nother level of getting money. You know. So we just get money. Tony Mercedes and Oh yeah, my man, IIII do his show Boss Talk. He said thank him. Thank you for Oh yeah. Always mentioning him. So yeah. Yeah. I just, that's what's up. Podcast and You know I'm on, I'm doing podcasts. I'm with Trigger Alert with Ugly Money You know Ugly Money. I'm I I'm a co-host on that You know you do a lot. I need, I need to, I wanna do something with you too, man. I wanna bring my show over to y'all Black Effect man. Okay. And don't try to be No ho because he don't pimp no more.


What what's the Hip? Hop Fraternity. Break that down for us. James, can you gimme come on in. James, pull up a microphone for James. Thank you guys for allowing me to speak. Yes, sir. My name is James Ccb Gray. I am the CEO of the Hip Hop Fraternity thanks to Ken Ivy. He appointed me. He bought me and me and Ken did a bunch of business deals years ago, which evolved into now us working together with Hip, Hop Fraternity, the Hip Hop Fraternity first and foremost as a think tank. Alright. 90% of major companies, organizations that are of European establishment have a think tank White. Yeah.


And 95% of organizations that are of Black Lineage don't. And when I was younger, we used to do surveys all the time. And I used to answer a bunch of questions. And I used to think I was getting over making 50 to a hundred dollars for answering a couple of questions. And later on I found out that the information that I was giving these organizations was giving them, making them way more money by fine tuning their product and service You know than I was really doing it in anything. So that's when I realized the power of a think tank. So one of the things we encourage Hip, Hop Fraternity members to do is think, okay, and that leads to the new Emancipation Proclamation, which is the freeing of the mind, not just the bounding of the, the physical realm You.


know what I'm saying? So a lot of us are stuck You know in the physical. So the, the mental chains have to be broke before you can even You know, get beyond that. So we have a whole curriculum and the Hip Hop Fraternity, where we're teaching hip hop artists about publishing, royalties, contracts, entertainment, law distribution, everything under the Sun, If, you look at it for the last 50 years, we just celebrated hip hop. And now we're looking back and saying, wow, we not only celebrated Victory, but we also are victims of, of You know being ripped off for so long in this industry. You know we have hip hop artists who can no, no longer perform You know, have had massive heart attacks on strokes, don't have any pension plan, don't have any insurance or anything like that.


So this is one of the things that we're proposing with Hip Hop Fraternity on on a congressional level. We spoke to a couple of congressmen already, which led us to now putting together a political action committee under the Hip Hop Fraternity, which is gonna not only galvanize resources, but also centralize the hip hop vote. Okay? You look at the LGBT, the Hispanic, the black, all demographics of the voting blocks would be centralized. Okay? Hip hop vote, I think is the number one voting block in the, in The World. I mean, especially in the United States of America when The World really counts, but nobody's actually ever centralized that vote.


You got certain hip hop artists that would take it over here, use it to their benefit politicians that would use hip hop.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the all new podcast there and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished. Nobody hears anything. Nobody sees anything. Did they run away? Was it an accident or were they murdered a truck? And two people just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire. It was definitely murder for hire for Danielle, not for Richard. He's your son. And in your eyes he's innocent. But in my eyes, he's just some guy my sister was with. In this series, I dig into my own investigation to find answers for the families and get justice for Richard and Danielle. Listen to their and Gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Greetings, ghouls and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Teresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling. When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely Demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


We all know what that music means. Is somebody getting coronated? No, it's time for the Olympics in Paris. The opening ceremony for the 2024 Paris Games is coming on July 26th. Who are these athletes? When are the games they're playing? We may be looking for the sports experts to answer those questions, but we are not that. Well, what are we? We're two guys. I'm Matt Rogers And I'm Bowen Yang. And We're doing an Olympics podcast. Yeah, we're hosting the Two Guys Five Rings podcast. You get the two guys us to start every podcast. Then the five rings come after. Watch every moment of the 2024 Paris Olympics beginning July 26th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time, you can stream the 2024 Paris Games on the iHeartRadio app and listen to two guys. Five rings on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration in the United States awarded for gallantry and bravery in combat. At the risk of life above and beyond the Call of Duty, since it was established in 1861, there had been 3,517 people awarded with the Medal. I'm Malcolm Gladwell and our new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeart Media is about those heroes, what they did, what it meant, and what their stories tell us about the nature of courage and sacrifice Without him and the, and the leadership that he exhibited in bringing those boats in and assembling 'em to begin when and bringing them in saved a a hell of a lot of lives, including my own Listen to Medal of Honor, stories of courage on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Brought this in order to galvanize folks here and there, but nobody that actually brought it under one umbrella. And if our fraternity has a solid infrastructure to not only be able to do that, but to roll out a whole nother agenda that's gonna You know, empower You. know our brothers and sisters. We have 37 chapters throughout the United States. Two and three years, we've amassed that amount of follow over 10,002, two in Africa, one in Puerto Rico, one in Haiti. And we just launched the chapter in London. So we're actually one of the fastest growing hip hop organizations because of the platform that we have. One of the things we have in each one of our chapters is access to major DJs, distribution promoters.


We have a a weekly meetings. Yeah. Oh, clothing. We got the magazine. Hip Hop Fraternity clothing line. Hip Hop Fraternity blog, the podcast. We have so much If. you go to the website, www.hhfmedia.com, you'll see the whole layout, everything. And if when you sign up and become a member, you have access to our curriculum, which teaches about the fundamentals, the mechanics, and the business side. Signing Up. Free. Yes, free. Everything's free. Everything's Free. I let me, yeah, I'm sorry. Interject. So when I first started Envying Charlemagne and Ms. Justice, I, I did it in Atlanta. So I came through And.


I wanted to be a disruptor. So I disrupted the entire music industry in Atlanta. So we did, I I I fed the kids for free. I let 'em perform for free. I let 'em get in free You know. And we, it's, it's going on for four years straight, all paid for outta my pocket. You know, because You know, I I I have a son that's in the music industry and he was doing a lot of music. And You know he was, it was costing him a lot of money. And I was paying for it. You know or he would pay for it. However You know it went. But I wanted to give the opportunity and create a Apollo like situational American idol situations so the artists can come in and perform for free. And if they talented, like Mike Fresh You know, we just signed him.


You know he got 20 billion strings. He got more than a little baby, baby got 10 billion. I read it on your, on your, on your plaque out there in the room. So he's got double the, the, the action that the baby got. So bringing him in into the Hip Hop Fraternity, and explaining to him the business side of it, You know, because it is a business called the music business. You know, I was in a meeting with Dr. Omar Johnson in California. He was You know attending one of our HHF events. And we were talking, and Dr. Umar said, You know hip hop is the second largest exports of You know American exports. You know hip hop created more billionaires than any other black sector in the history of this country.


You know you talk about Jay-Z Puffy, Kanye, yada, yada yada You know these are being an untold amount of millionaires. It created The, Breakfast, Club You know, created You know drink, champs Boss talk, trigger alert, all these different platforms. You know No Jumper, all this stuff is coming blind. It is coming from hip hop, You know influences, right? So that's why it's so important. You know people will go to the mosque and join Minister Farrakhan. They would go to Potter House and join TD Jakes. But more people is acclimated and more probable of going to hip hop than they will to going to the mosque or going to the church, right? So we wanted to be that outlet.


So when I was looking up the word Hip, Hop Fraternity, it was available, it shocked me. I'm like, what? You know? But then when you look at East Coast versus West Coast, bad boy versus Bero and You know Cash Money versus no Limit. You see the divisiveness in hip hop. So they would never anticipate us coming together from that perspective. That's why those names were available because You know anybody that's smart and calculating. They're not gonna let You know No domains be or no trademarks be available. So we was able to trademark that. And then I was able to get to Atlanta and sell everybody in Atlanta on the ideal that, hey, look here. We tried everything but Unity You. know what I'm saying? You know we tried everything but Unity.


And then the brothers and sisters just start coming and then it start off with maybe five or six people. Now we have 10,000 people around the country and I have nothing but PhDs. He, he's a former vice president for Al Sharpton. I was able to take him from Al Sharpton You know he used to open up a form temp, a form pimp, throw some. No, but I mean, on the serious note, Charlamagne You know, we You know Sister Ken Trees You know she's, she's worked for a billion dollar country. She done did a billion dollar mergers and acquisitions. So You know my thing was to bring the, the, the street people and the intelligent people and You know I even got opportunities for you Brothers You know we going to, from the Corpus perspective, from the business perspective, You know it takes finance, uplift Nation.


I want to give brothers like Y'all equity in the company, You know just the same thing with Vitamin Water did with 50 and You know we got You know we've been talking to Floyd Mayweather, Lang the King, we've been talking You know ice tea. Of course gonna have equity. We want to You know like you and DJ Envy y'all, y'all and Miss Jess, y'all have Power You know we all hip hop, we all love the culture. You know, why shouldn't y'all have a piece of that company? And we want to give y'all and submit a piece of your company. Sit down with our lawyers. We can make that happen. You know and all the other young brothers and sisters out there that's doing well for themselves to have some influence. We wanna bring them in too. And then we can go and we get attacked to venture capital You know. And then we can do a IPO eventually You know and then everyone can eat.


And we have our culture back You know. And that's what I want. I want everybody to understand it's our culture, our call that jacket I give you, lemme see that right quick. Hip Hop, Fraternity jacket, varsity jacket. But it says something on it that's very important. I don't know if people can see that. The culture, Our call, Our culture, our call. Yep. So when we think about it right now, this is, this year is gonna be very profound what I'm about to say. And it's not a racial statement, but when you think about our Jewish brothers, right? You know, they You know can claim fame a jury You know our Mexican brothers can can claim fame. The taco and Mexican food You know our Greek brothers can claim Greek town You know our Chinese brothers can claim egg rolls and Chinese rice.


But we can claim hip hop. That's our culture. We created that and we got to understand the importance of us taking control of this. There's no reason why Universal Sony and all these other major record labels should be giving our children 15% royalty and taking and charge them 50% production deal. Meaning every time they should have video, they got to pay. If the video me, they gotta pay a half a million dollars. How many records do you sell as Tony Mercedes like to say, at 15% royalty to get a half a million dollars? You know me being in the publishing game, I was telling Busey when we was doing the the book deal, I said Busey You know you look at the publishing company, You know this one. I'm fixing to say Charlamagne because you do books and you too DJ Envy.


I said You know. When you look at the pub game, it's like Caesar's Palace. You look at the the record business, it's like Chase Manhattan. But they only charge you a hundred percent if If you And I don't recoup this book. It's good. It's all good. It is all good. So this is what I'm teaching them You know. And, and like I said, You know I busey wanted to get a major advance. I said Busi, if we take the less advance, we take the better. Because You know that way, You know what I'm saying? You can You know, make your money on the back end. The backend word You. know what I'm saying? Mean? And these are just the type of things that I You know, like my man Steve Love You know Forte, international pixie poll, You know on the back end I'm helping him with all those deals.


You know the Booy Juice and all that stuff. You know when Muy came to KOD, I'm the one talking to my man a canelli at Kelli, I'm doing the deal. I got a canelli to buy $20,000 worth of liquor. I do a lot of backhand stuff. I'm gonna teach these brothers business because I fortunately, I'm, I'm educated in a, on a lot of levels, You know I got a lot of business sense You know. And like you said, being a former pimp, I could teach these brothers how not to get, be pimped by the industry. So that's what we are doing with the Hip, Hop Fraternity. Just waking brothers up, throwing the alarm clock in the graveyard You know. 'cause what you go through, you grow through You know. And if they can change their mentality, they can change the reality. So we just want them to You know, get rid of that. I can't and get that I can mentality You know.


What would you say to young people who You know, see what you're doing now and, and, and want to get into that? Would you tell but they said, Hey, maybe I gotta start pimping first. Would you encourage people to get into the pimp game? Well, no. I denounce on, on, on on Breakfast Club. I denounce pimps up hold down in American Pimp. And the reason why is because what really happened, let me explain that. You know If, you think about Scarface, right? During the Scarface era, everybody had Scarface pictures up, right? We all had the Scarface was love and love of Scarface. That was in 85, right? Also in 85 you had colors, right? That's right. Yeah. You know right after that you start seeing gangs everywhere.


You start seeing everybody wanted to be Scarface, you start seeing drugs in all parts of the community. We see then it come with Nino Brown, new Jack City. Then you see brothers taking over projects. So you say it was propaganda that was pushing on people. No, what I'm saying is that CCA Correctional Corporation of America and through systemic racism and white supremacy, we can see how this was engineered into our community. 'cause you got to remember it right after these movies came out, what happened? You know what I'm saying? You came out with the crime bill of 18, 19 84. 94. Yeah. It was 84. Joe Biden 84 and Clinton in 94. It was two of them. No, no. Biden was with all of 'em. So it was, it was one in 84, 1 in 94, 88 and 94. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


So yeah, so, so that, what that did was that created census enhancement laws that the trigger locks. So a lot of brothers started going to penitentiary and the prison system in 1976 was 240,000. 2024 is 2.5 million. It's America's 5% of the world's population. And it has 25% population, percent of The World incarceration. Incarceration. This is what I'm finn to say. 25% of the world's incarceration. 5% of The World iss populated in terms of eligible people that go to jail is only 6% of African Americans excluding women, children, and old folks and, and You know disabilities. So it's only 6%. So 6% of eligibility represent 12.5% of the people that's incarcerated in The World.


That is engineering my brother You. know what I'm saying? That is not an accident, that's not a coincidence. I think Chancellor William called it the destruction of the black civilization brother Kwanza Fu called it the conspiracy to destroy young black boys. You know Dr I Ibar said You know the psychological images and changes of slavery. You know you had Dr C cla Claude Anderson up here. That's my favorite person to listen to know Dr. Claude You. know Claude said You know it's three levels of, of, of survival. The first level is gainful employment or a job. The next level is welfare. He said the third level is crime. So If, you take away welfare, which which they did with our sisters. They told 'em you can't have the men in the house.


You know because I'm from the projects. I'm from the Robert Taylor projects in Chicago. So we You know If you if the sisters and brothers on, if the sisters on welfare, the men weren't allowed to come in the house. So You know that's automatically breaking up the black family You know. And, and Brother Wesley Muhammad talk about the counterinsurgency drugs. You know they put all these drugs in our community. You know people getting high, people selling drugs. You know selling drugs in the addiction as well. You know the men that going to jail. The children is out here by themselves. The mother is single parenting. And guess what, brother Charlemagne. Brother Jim Envy and sisters. Yes. Who raising all the killers. If, if all our men is in jail and our women is raising the children, they raising the killers.


They raising the, the the ones that's doing all the drills. So you got to have a man in the house. I always tell people, I said the lion is the king of the jungle because of his roar. He roar. Scare the mess outta the elephants in the drive. They go crazy when they hear that You know. And, and, and, and, and You know the reason why the man is the head of the household because it is Adam Apple You know my daughter and their nephew. I tell her to sit down. She gonna sit down. Mama gotta tell her 4, 5, 6, 7 times. You know Your son's six eight, right? He's six eight. You know you. Five three. You hitting on him and you tell my boys, sit down and go down. He's sneaking out the window. He over there on hundred 25th. He letting it go. You. know what I'm saying? I mean it is popping out. Why? Because we need to reunite the black family.


The black family have to come together. You know men and the black man, the black woman have to make some type of concession agreement. Otherwise, you going to continue to see all this murder in mayhem. Because like I said, you take the man out the household, take his excuses, he's a deadbeat dead. We we agree with you. The man ain't shit. Okay, but who raising the children? Sister news flash. And then there was a white woman and a white man recently just got caught up. What happened? They tried. He killed four people remember? And they put the mama and the daddy in jail. Y'all remember that case? So, so, so, so that set precedent, If, you understand law that set precedent. So what that means is, in the near future, when your son go shoot up the block, possibly you could be incarcerated for it.


He took his parents' gun. That was the one he took his parents' gun and shot. And shot. Yeah. So you denounced pimping because of the negative? No. Oh yeah. Let me finish, let me finish. Okay, so, so right after pimps up, hold down You know Snoop was pimping all over. Snoop was pimping, ludacris, pimping all over The World. TT ti got pimp score clip 50 cent. PIMP. Right after that, human trafficking laws initially on 2020, they said it was about foreigners coming over here and bringing young foreigner girls. Next thing You know, it became a domestic law and locked up a lot of young black men. Mm. And I'm complicit, right? Because I'm a part of the pimps up Hold down, unbeknownst to myself. Mm.


But that pimps up hold down that whole era with nothing but a plot and a plan. Because You know all the niggas, all the brothers stopped selling drugs You. Know what I'm saying? So they stopped selling drugs 'cause it would, they they they they peep. Oh man, you can get life for this. So they gave us another. Every time we come up with something and we get hip to it, they come up with something else. They introduce another thing. In Hollywood, it's complicit as well. You know. That's what I'm trying to say. It's all about Hollywood. Hollywood did pimps up. Hold down. Why would HBO do something called pimps up? Hold down then Lion Gate do American Pimp. And then right after that you see laws follow it. Scarface New Jack City. Right after you see laws, follow it. So You know as a conscious brother You know who's intelligent.


I got to say I denounced pimps up holes down and American pimps. So young people can see that. That's not the wave. You know. That's right. And You know You know I'm driving Rolls Royces and Mercedes and You know Rolexes and stuff. And I ain't selling no drugs. You know what I'm saying? Mean You know I'm living in Buckhead in Atlanta. You know, You know. I You know I'm doing pretty well for myself and I'm not selling drugs. So I want young people to know that you don't have to take that route. That's why we got the gangs. We got the Cru, the Bloods, the Crips, the GDS device all under one umbrella. They in my organization, And I got 'em. Co existence with each other. So on Monday night when we have our meetings in Atlanta, it's the most peaceful night 'cause we stopping a lot of young people from killing each other. There you, we glad you changed your life.


Pimping Ken, tell 'em where to find you. Yeah, you can find me at Real Pimp Kenco that's on Instagram. If. you want to join the Hip Hop Fraternity, you go to hhf media.com. If, you wanna get my book? You can go. I'd like to do it. Audio will go to audio audible.com. Type in pimp. And Ken, you get my, my book, the 40 Laws A Game in Pimpology and Oh yeah, you can reach me. James CB Gray on all platforms. Also Hhf CEO on Instagram. Also, we just launched the New York City chapter of Hip Hop Fraternity the other night at the Harlem Shock Bar. Yeah, You know. Nice You know it was amazing. Definitely wanna thank GD for coming out.


Push Fashion Inc. For coordinating everything. And we had a great crowd. So we're gonna be doing this once a month at the Harlem Shark Bar for any artist that wanna come out and perform You know, you can contact me through my Instagram, James CB Gray. It's open to everybody. We got open mic. And this is a platform that we're using to increase membership but also give up and coming artists and opportunities to showcase their talent, to prepare themselves for bigger stages, but also to be part of a positive organization such as Hip Hop Opportunity, which is encouraging our artists to not only be great, but be educated about the music industry as well. Oh, you Got to get Mike Rederick. He got, oh yeah, he got 20 billion Of fans. 20 billion. Come on that Say For people.


Keep screaming it. Bounce when she walk. Bounce when she walk and keep streaming. Throw it in the circle. Shout out to Bobby for keep doing, shaking that thing in the circle too. We in this thing. HHTF. Shout out to Y Okay, thank, Thank. And now shout out to the OGs. Y'all can catch me on OGs too. On Trigger Alert You know those was the two shows that I'm on. Og y Y'all seen OGs yet? Oh man. Bishop Don. Want all of 'em on there? It's, it is about OGs. Same thing with you. I'm doing, we talking positive You know, getting Mr. Rick, he's the spearhead of it. And we just telling all the young people to stop the game. So all the big time gang members and hustlers, they on there. You know and then trigger alert. That's what we talk about. Male and female issues. You know me ugly money and biz.


Yeah. Alright, Well they, Ken, we appreciate you for joining us, fellas. Thank you. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See Public dotcom slash disclosures for more.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the all new podcast There and Gone. It's a real life story of two people who left a crowded Philadelphia bar, walked to their truck and vanished A truck, and two people just don't disappear. The FBI called it Murder for Hire, but which victim was the intended target and why? Listen to There and Gone South Street on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Terza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We all know what that music means. It's time for the Olympics in Paris. I'm Matt Rogers And I'm bow and yang. And we're doing an Olympics podcast. Yeah, we're hosting the Two Guys Five Rings podcast. Watch every moment of the 2024 Paris Olympics, beginning July 26th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time, you can stream the 2024 Paris Games on the iHeartRadio app and listen to two guys, five rings on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration in the United States since it was established in 1861. There have been 3,517 people awarded with the Medal. I'm Malcolm Gladwell and our new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeart Media is about those heroes, what they did, what it meant, and what their stories. Tell us about the nature of courage and sacrifice. Listen to Medal of Honor, stories of Courage on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I.