
Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games, and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Hi, I am Katie Lowes And. I'm Guillermo Diaz, And we're the hosts of Unpacking the Toolbox, the Scandal Rewatch podcast where we're talking about all the best moments of the show mesmerizing. But also we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young, Scott Foley, Tony Goldwin, Debbie Allen, Kerry Washington. We Suit up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes stories with unpacking the toolbox. Listen to unpacking the toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or Wherever you get your podcasts.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tori spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her, sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez, And I, my podcast, I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want from my kids. As long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. We got Zoe Lay. Welcome. Did I say your last name right? Lee. Lee. Zoe. Lee, how you feeling? I'm well, thank you. Thank you for having me. Thanks for coming. Thanks for joining us. You got your folder out like you got stuff to talk about today. Like you not, you not coming to play. There is not too many people. I like to watch more on Instagram because You know. We always had these conversations about you gotta be involved You know with your local politics and You know you gotta be on top of your local government. Z be at these city council meetings in Chicago every week.


Every week Raising Holy hell. Holy hell. So I want her to talk about all of that. What happened between you and the city of Chicago? They had the whole city, huh? Yeah, the whole city. So in 2017, the City of Chicago elected officials, the building department unlawfully demolished my family's property. Mm. And that is the violation of the Fifth Amendment. And the City of Chicago manipulates the Fifth Amendment because they say that it really wasn't the Fifth Amendment because you, there wasn't a roadway or there wasn't a railroad. So technically it's not that. But then they have demolition laws.


And demolition laws is you still have to compensate the person. And we have yet to be compensated Now, now for people that, that this is all over the country. So to, to break it down in, in, in simple terms, If, you own a property. The city cannot just take your property unless they say they have to build a roadway, a highway or something like that. Yes. Or some type of public transportation to get people from left to right, whether it's a train system, subway system or something like that. But They still got Compensation, but they're not allowed to take it. They, if they do, they're supposed to give you market value, market value for your property or home. We see it happen all the time. But they didn't give you anything at all. And you're saying there was no subway or highway or trade system or nothing like that there.


So why did they say they demolished the property? They said building violations. And it's crazy because my mother was fixing up, it's a, it's a commercial property at that, it's a commercial property at the bottom. It's four apartments at the top. And my mother was working on it. And how we found out that the building was unlawfully demolished was the electrician. He called. He said, Hey, Ms. Marsh, the building isn't here. And my mother called the city. They had no information. But you owned the, so you didn't even know they were gonna demo it. They didn't tell you that they were gonna demolish the building. They just, you just drove by one day and the building wasn't there anymore. Yeah. The The, the electrician called. That's crazy. Called and said that it was no longer there.


So my mother at the time, she's 73, she's like, nah, they're not You know they're not supposed to do that. So she went You know down the city hall. She spoke to the law department. They really couldn't give her any information. But one person in the law department told her to go get a police report. So she did go back and get a police report. And then they told her to file a claim. She filed the claim. And they said that the reason why they we weren't paid out was because of building violations. And I said, well, where are the building violations? You have to go to buildings court, you have to go through a whole lot of stuff. You just can't knock down a building. And come to find out, my mother was fighting this by herself at that time.


I was managing And, I was working, doing my own thing. And I kept telling my mom. I'm like, well, You know, just get a lawyer. And in Chicago they have it. Well, you can't get an attorney. You can't get in, in the black communities. What they've, what they have done is they prey on black seniors. They play on, on our, on our communities and on buildings and properties that are already paid off. So not mortgages. And that's what I think a lot of people don't understand. You know, you own a home, but if you're still paying a mortgage, are, do you really own that home? You know these homes are already been paid. This, this has been in my family since 1965. Mm. Okay. It's a Sandpiper lounge. It was a, it was a landmark before that it was Fannie May Candies.


You know. So there was No, so there was no tenant. They didn't have to take nobody at building. It Was empty. No, no. My godfather was living in there. They told him he had 10 minutes to get out and he's 80. Jesus Christ. You know he had 10 minutes to get out. 10, 10 minutes to get out. And he's 80. Now, mind you, they don't have social media. They don't You know. And then at the time, the only attorneys that you can get for stuff like I eminent domain or them stealing our properties is two. It was two. And it was Ouac it, ed Ouac and Ed Burke. Now they both have been convicted of stealing properties. Like they're both like we're aldermen at the time. So Chicago has a thing that no matter what, you not gonna get no justice.


Like Chicago's one of the most corrupt cities on earth. And they put my mother in the hospital twice. So I had to leave Atlanta, put myself in storage. And I've been fighting ever since. Now mind you, while I'm fighting, I'm dealing with this immigration invasion that's coming in. I have other black seniors that are coming down to city to city council as well because they're still in their properties too. And it's only in certain areas. It's in TIF districts. Now New York is the diff TIF district. Are you, do you unders You know what that is? No. What's the TIF district? It's tax increment financing. So they're supposed to give you money in blighted areas, in predominantly black areas. And they're supposed to help you build your community up, but the money Give you tax breaks, things like that.


They wanna encourage more, more people in the community to invest backing in the community. Yeah. And what they're doing is they're taking the money, we call it a piggy bank. And they're now, they're giving it to predominantly white areas and now Hispanic areas and our black areas are, are not getting anything. But it's in certain areas. Inglewood. My property was in Auburn Grisham, south Shore. South Shore is the only black area still in Chicago. That's by Lake Michigan. Everybody know about summertime shop. So they're taking our properties. You can't get any help. You can't get any media. You know. And I'm not from Chicago. My mother's from Chicago. My mother left there in 1978 because it was so racist.


I'm from Albany, New York and I'm, I just fight different You know. When I first started this, everybody was like, oh, you gonna need a hundred people? And I'm like, nah. 'cause everybody, it's different times, different generation. Everybody not gonna fight like me. You know. And I've always been that person, that question to challenge. I know how to read. We have to know our constitution. A lot of people do not know the US Constitution. You know. The crazy thing is If, you had squatters in there. It probably would've took 'em a lot longer to get it out because a lot of times squatters have more right. Than the actual Yeah. Homeowners and business owners. Lemme ask you a question. I know when they said the violations, I know a lot of times, especially the government, what they do is, is they'll give you violations. Like they say you had trash on your property and they'll give you a ticket for that.


Was, was that part of the violations? Things like that. Now they're giving us, because we still own the land, so now they're giving us violations for that. No, it was, they said it was abandoned. It wasn't abandoned. Abandoned. They do that if the doors are not locked or the windows and are broken, Basically abandoned. That was the main thing. They said that one of the doors was messed up. It was not messed up. It's just that they wanted that property. They wanted that property because it was in a tiff zone. And they continue to do this and they do it. They prey on seniors. Yeah. I I I've heard that before. What is, what is the property worth? Well, what, what would be the value of the property if it was up and running and everything? Probably about 10 to 15 million. Wow. And has To be, it would've to be more than that because you would've to also count on the fact that If, you had tenants and you had rent.


Yeah. Especially now with the value would be up this immigration absolute situation. Like You know. Like that's one thing my mother said, like, damn, if we had the building, we we'd be able to house because they're giving so much money out. You know. So, and rent, rent is expensive. Like the fact that the fact that I have to pay rent a month when I have four apartments and a commercial property. I have a, I have my own brand. I'm into comedy, uncomfortable. I'm in lot of uncomfortable truth lifestyle. My, my motto is Paper pussy Peace You know and used to manage. Dick Gregory used to manage Dick Gregory And. I just, I just feel like I am, like, I'm just not being, I'm being heard, but I'm shadow banned as well.


Because at the end of the day, this is a thing that happens in Chicago. And if I get heard or if You know, thank you, I appreciate you guys for letting me on this platform because Chicago's scared You know. And they're scared because they know this is what they do. We have 110 Illinois state black representation in Congress, and they don't do anything. They don't even bring it up. And, and this is a democratic city. So You know when people talk about Democrats, You know how the democracy and how they care Chicago different. So what, what are they say in the building is worth?


And and and what are they saying? Are they just saying, well, we just mo f you and your family? Oh no, what are they saying now That they were not under the impression that we owned it? So that is one of the arguments. And it's been in a trust the whole time. So they went and got a fraudulent document and said that, oh, a guy named Timothy owns it. But the person, Timothy is the same person that, so back in the day when you would get deeds from, like, it was LaSalle Bank. LaSalle Bank is now Bank of America. The, the, the No, they nominee some, they nominate somebody. And a person who they nominate is usually a bachelor or a widow.


So they, so back then the deeds would have this name on there that the bank nominated. So they're trying to use that as this is the person that owned it. And it's like, no, we own it. Trust. Is Timothy still alive? Is Timothy trying to say he owns it? No. Timothy. Timothy 90 and no, no. Timothy's dead first of all. Okay. That's number one. And number two is, that's what they used to do back in the day. Like If, you look up how they used to do it. So the thing is, my mom's 75, my Godfather's 80. They're not supposed to You know. They just take our properties and they're gonna continue to do it if no one does not fight for it. And we get some legislation. So when you're down there at You know these city council meetings, are you alone in this fight or are there other people that's experiencing like a legal Domain?


Yeah, there's a lady named Miss. Well, she's not experiencing legal emanate domain. She's experiencing, they're trying, her name is Jessica Jackson. She, they're taking, they're trying to take her property through probate court Now. Her mother had no debt. Her mother left a three family building in South Shore. South Shore is still only the one of the places that black people have for the lake. And they're trying to take her property. And that's, and she said You know that's been, that's, that has been paid off since she was 16. She's 61. So who, who's the, because You know it's, it's the per, it's somebody behind it. Right? So I'm sure it's some white man that could nothing but, or it could be black because that happened to my parents in Brooklyn.


So my parents had a brown son in Brooklyn. Gr my grandfather passed away, left it down to, it was like 12 of them. And he finagled his way on the deed and then was almost like part of the kids' part of that process. And I. See them do that a lot, especially when they feel like people don't understand, don't know the laws. And they get in and then they'll be able to get the script. So have you figured out who's behind trying to buy the script? Because somebody seems like they're trying to buy the property. Know the value of The property? Yeah, it's a white developer. There you go. And that's what they do. The and You know. Unfortunate. It's unfortunate, unfortunate. But our alderman make deals behind our back and for You know paybacks, whatever they want to call it. And they promise our properties to them.


And you can't get any help You know my mother, we have a federal court case. It's sort, it's like pro se. We do have an attorney, but You know, I'm still You know skeptical when it comes to him because they pay out like they pay. But there's a, there's an act called Light Property Act 1947. 1949. And the Blighted Property Act 19 47, 19 49, that a lot of people don't talk about is even if they felt like it was an abandoned building or they felt like it was something wrong with it, they're supposed to go to the governor and the governor is supposed to ask the Attorney General to eminent domain. And you still have to compensate.


They don't do no law like the no policies. And, I say this all the time. Chicago policies do not trump the US Constitution. It does not trump federal laws. And that's the problem I think with America. Like we don't understand that the Constitution is for us, regardless of what color we are. What can be done now? Like what can be done right now? You know they can settle my case, but I know the reason why they won't settle it, I feel like is because it'll be a line down at Cook County and City Hall because they they do. Black people have normalized that. This is just what Chicago do. Yeah. Chicago just steal property. That's, you can't get no help. It ain't just Chicago You know they was doing that in South Carolina, doing it in Detroit.


Yeah, Atlanta. Somebody just sent me something in Atlanta. They're doing it. So it has to be some type of legislation. And that's my issue like with this, this election that's coming up. Like we need something as far as Black America, I don't know, whatever you guys identify as. 'cause it's like a pronoun situation. If, you are a Freedman freed woman, whatever. You know A DOS, whatever. But as me, I'm a black American. That's what I'm born and raised here. My family You know. That's what I, that's what I identify as. But there needs to be some type of legislation when it come to our housing and it's no legislation. So what are they trying to build there now? 'cause you they demolished it. You still own a property. They, Are they trying to do something or No, they tried to sell it behind our back twice the land.


But we were able to take care of that. How did they sell It behind your back? Because, Because they play with deed. So you can go into, you can go to Cook County right now. Right? And you, you may know the, the guy and you may find somebody that's a notary and you pay them something and you say, Hey, This person signed the de over. Yeah. And And how much, how much is the property worth right now as it sits? Well, it's no property. It's just Money. Well, just the land. How much is the land worth as it sits? Shit To me it's $3 billion. I ain't managed It's three land. It's it is land. I need my money. I need, I need, that's my generational wealth. Like what's The realistic number though Though? The realistic number? What's the Zillow number? I think probably about a million.


I think land is worth probably about a minimum. A million dollars. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's big. First of all, it was 10 lots they took. Yeah, they owe they already took six of the lots and only left us with four lots. The lots behind us is our lots too. But they put a save a lot there. So the save a lots should be paying y'all. Yeah. Like they, this is just what they do. So They put a, they Put a and the save a lot's, not even there no more. They put a business on your property. Yes. They took half the lots. And we have a crazy, a parking lot. So like I write save a lot like every month and let them know. Play with me If. you want to because I'm not playing with y'all like y'all. This is, this is not what you guys do.


Like this is not, I don't know What this is Zo I'm so confused. I I I really don't know how people could build on a piece of property that they don't have a deed on. Chicago, do whatever they want to do. And it's, and it's a cycle. Like I was talking to somebody the other day. She says she's been fighting for her grandmother's property since 1962. I mean, it was been in her, it's been in her house since 1962. She's been fighting for 10 years. And she said she just gave up. This might be a funny question, but where's the elected officials? Right? There's no elected officials in that District stealing, stealing, stealing money, stealing this immigration money. Jesus. Like that's, that's the problem too. We have to change the culture of these politicians because they both trash on both sides.


You know the Republicans is terrible. The, the Democrats is terrible. What? But what the issue with Chicago is, Chicago's turn to a communist city like it's only Democrats. You cannot even If you want to run as a Republican, you're not gonna win. They, they have it as just Democrats. So what, what names can people go at? Because you, you just can't say the city of Chicago. It gotta be, oh, okay. We individuals. Marley Hopkins. That's the building department saw with Alderman. David Moore is the da. Let's, let's go one by one. Explain what that person does and how they're involved so people understand. Okay, Marlene, because you gotta break it down. 'cause a lot of people will be confused like me. Like how how the hell is this even happen? Okay, so we got Marlene Hopkins.


Marlene Hopkins is now the commissioner of the buildings department. She should have been fired when there was this little village explosion back three years ago when she was negligence with that. So what happens is anybody, one of her friends, or I'll say my alderman alderman David Moore, can call up and say, Hey, I need you to put this in for the buildings depart. Say that it was building violations. That's why we demolished it. And people go with that instead of knowing like, you have to go to buildings court. Now my mother received a, a, a voicemail from the, the law department and they gave her three options. The first option was that she was suppo.


That the, the, that our, our alderman, which was David Moore, the 17th ward, was supposed to reach out to us and add and offer us some type of money.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb while the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. They're once ordinary lives. And mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If, you followed my story You know I've grown up on reality tv. My mom Jenna Ra is a music icon. And my family can be wild at times, but now I get to tell my story. Join me Jenica Lopez for season three of the Over Comfort podcast. Every week I push outta my comfort zone to have real and honest conversations. My mom was that rocking foundation that everyone kind of relied on financially, And, I guess emotionally. And it sucks because my mom was just more than like a paycheck. Tune in as my guest And I, get personal on topics, the good, the vulnerable, and the cringey with some advice along the way. What are your top three tips as a man? Like Yeah. The way you take care of yourself. I definitely would put manicure, first of all, when the nail's too long. Yes, nice underwear. Really this season we're all leveling up our confidence and we're on this journey together. Listen to Overc podcast with Jenica Lopez as part of the Michael Toura podcast network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Across borders, the Heart of America, the Latinos and his catch phrases are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's Cultura podcast that will present. I'm Philippe Esparza from television debut at Listen to NATO as part of Michael ura podcast Network in the applic on iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerd podcast. This is not an episode is a promo You know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds, trap nerd nerds real like you never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. The World put Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I oh God, this, see, I mean, to push shots of road. We'll see, I'll be down You know, gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective. I, I think if Bold Mayo hadn't got fired, Kevin Pie would be in trouble right now. Preach. We giving you reliable game news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for lightning. Why does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black in effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Conversation. Yeah, conversation. He was supposed to go through the, the chairman of the City of Finance. And at that time it was Ed Burke. Ed Burke is now convicted. He's 80 years old now. Convicted of taking bribes and, and taking property. Then you have the, the next one was filed a claim. We filed a claim with the city. Now the city said that my mother's claim it expired and it did not expire. The statute of limitations, the, the statute of limitations for Illinois, for, for any type of claim is two years. And they told my mom that she didn't get her claim in time. They knocked the building down December 11th, 2017.


Right. My mother put the claim in October 4th, 2018. They re they, they gave us back a letter December 11th, two 18. I got everything this that says that the claim was not put in time and that it, that the statute of limitations expired. That's insurance fraud. That's bad faith insurance fraud. Because my mother put it in. So then when my mother went to hire a lawyer, they told the lawyer the same thing. And a lawyer put it in on the letterhead. Like, look, they're saying the statute of limitations has expired. However, you still have time to file a lawsuit. My mother filed the lawsuit. And when my mother filed a lawsuit, they still tried to deny the lawsuit because they said, well, we don't know who owns it.


You know who owns it. You know who owns You, know who owns it. So now we're fighting with the ownership part. Now they put in a fraudulent deed, this, but they didn't record it. What they did was they went and got a stamp. And of the person who was the, the recorder of deeds at that time, his name was Edward Moody. Edward Moody. He went and got, he got, he was on trial for Steve, for Michael Madigan. Michael Madigan's about to be on trial. He he was a man. They all ain't shit in Chicago. All this just sound like it's Corruption. It's just, it's it's, it's public corruption. It's just big public corruption. There's Tony Preckwinkle, who is the Cook County president who needs to retire.


And anybody can go up to the second floor, fifth floor and change out deeds and you can't get no help. You See, it really seems like big bank take little bank, right, because the amount of money I'm hearing that you have to pay attorneys. Yeah, it's through the Roof. But you said you can't even get an attorney. Yeah, because they don't want to touch this case. Because this, first of all, You know uncomfortable truth is I'm Black You know my family's black. That's number one. Number two, number three is, well, number two is Chicago is still one of the most segregated cities in America. And they work with each other. We have no Civil rights attorneys.


There's no Civil rights attorneys. I I know. I don't, I don't even fuck with Ben Crump You. know what I'm saying? What I'm saying, like there's no civil rights attorneys. I reached out to Ben Crump. We don't have, the only time we have civil rights attorneys is if we get killed. Okay. I call it the hashtag package. I gotta get killed in order to get a civil rights attorney in order to get some type of compensation and some type of justice and some media. I gotta go. I, why do I have to get killed? Or my family member has to get killed in order for me to find a civil rights attorney. And that's the problem. Our civil rights are being violated on the regular and we cannot find any attorneys. So for this election coming up, and you've got all these people that want us to the Democrat Democrats.


Democrats. Democrats the Democrats is fucking me over in Chicago. You know we have the most representation in black Democrats. And I can't get no help. Even, they'll tell us You know the alderman and stuff. You need to get a lawyer. How the fuck can I get a lawyer? There's, there's a Civil rights attorney, Matt Martin. He is an alderman. You are a civil rights attorney. You see me coming in there every week. Isn't that a conflict interest? It doesn't matter, nigga. You can find somebody. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know you're like, like it, it's just, it's just messed up. Like you are hearing this, you're hearing this, but you're fighting for affordable housing. Like how do you fight for affordable housing as a, as a civil rights attorney, as an alderman, as a public servant.


Right? But you see three people coming down there about their properties for a year and you have nothing to say. How, how can people help you if they want to get in touch with you? Let's say they want to help, let's say there is a way they know a civil attorney. They maybe there, there is a real estate attorney that can help you. How can people help you or even financially say, look, I wanna throw some money in your thing to make you support. 'cause this is gonna be a long fight. It's gonna be a costly fight. How can they help you? Well, I have a brand. Y'all can purchase a shirt. I'm comfortable. Truth lifestyle.com. My Instagram is Mr. Steal your wig@gmail.com. And I have, my mother has a nonprofit. It is Notre Dame, affordable housing and it's N-D-A-H-I-N c.com online.


And she just really wants to build her building back. Like until this is settled, because we've been waiting over 120 days. I, I argue this case, November 1st, I was able to, to argue this case to the judge. And the judge was so surprised. You know, 'cause I'm not a lawyer, but this, I know how to read. I know how to comprehend And I know that this is not what's up And I know that there's too much money out here in the government in America, our tax paying dollar that I have to continue to fight and not get no Justice You know. It's also interesting too. 'cause You know I follow her. I follow you. And I saw not just this fight, but what you've been saying about the the migrants.


Yeah, the migrants, they spent two, like I, I know Dr. Umar was here and he was saying that they spent over 400 million, no, they spent 2.2 billion And. I have it. Like I got all of it. Like I I have been keeping like the records, like it's $2.2 billion. And I was saying all of this back in January because of activists like Zola, but also 'cause of who we talk to here in New York. What we see in New York going on. And when I'm bringing up these issues, people say it was MAGA messaging. It's not MAGA messaging. No black people in the, in the streets Saying No, we are at a like, honestly, like, like all jokes aside, we are at a race of emergency when it comes to Black America. Whatever you call yourself. 'cause I don't, that's another argue too.


The Moores and stuff, they want, I don't wanna argue with y'all, but whoever black people we are at a race of emergency when it comes to these immigrants. And that's just what it is. We, we give our vote And. I'm just saying, I'm not saying vote for whoever you wanna vote, but we continue to vote blue and we do not get anything. We just watched George Floyd right. Get killed in front of us. We just watched Sonya Massey that's in Illinois just get killed in front of us. And we still do not have a hate crime bill. Now the Asians done got a hate crime bill during Covid. Okay? The Jews anti-Semitism, they just gotta, they just, that just passed through Congress. So how many times do we have to get killed to get some type of legislation, but we continue to vote blue.


And if we don't vote, it's, it's turned to a cult. I'm 38 years old, right? And, I have common sense. And I. Think this is the election of common sense. Okay, we just watched, we, we have, I'm watching our, our I'm, I'm going to these meetings, right? Finance meeting is very important. The budget meeting is very important. Housing and real estate is very important in your local, your local states. And you're watching all this money being passed, right? You're watching all this money being passed for housing, for for, for resources. They're using our statistics like we are the highest in everything Shooting. We even get hit by bicycles. Like how the fuck bicycles like You know what I'm saying?


Like you we're, we're the, we we for everything, right? So you get this money and then none of it goes to our community. Where's the money at? Where is the all, where is IRS criminal division? Like there was in 1984 in Chicago, there was something called Operation Graylord. Operation Graylord is when they went and got, they picked up judges, they picked up police officers, lawyers, all that for all the corruption, right? And it needs to be another Operation Graylord. But this time with the city. And, but the IRS, the IRS was involved. The feds were involved because IRS criminal division needs to be involved because there's too many people sleeping on the street migrants as well. For you to have $2.2 billion, you're spending $700,000 a month.


I mean $700,000 a day on shelters. Where is this money at? You're dumping these undocumented immigrants in our communities that are already under-resourced. You're pushing us out. There's been mass illegal evictions. Right? And they're not even putting that online. They're not even putting that on the news because they get more money with the illegals. You know. So like, we're messed up and this is our election. So like, my thing is people will say, oh, You know Trump is racist. The Republicans are racist. Well, let's get into the Democratic party. Like when the last time y'all really did something for us, like when I talk even about crack epidemic, every person that was, that, that family member or or or main guardian was on crack.


Every child should have been able to go to school for free. Like that messed us up. We prevailed. We prevailed slavery, the race riots, Jim Crow crack epidemic, mass incarceration, preservation. Now we're dealing with illegal inva, illegal immigrants. Y'all have all this money, You know, and they go back and forth. Well, it was a Republican, it's a Democrat. Well, at the end of the day, You know Kamala, like there was an executive order, the executive order 1 4 0 1 0 that was issued by President Biden. But she was supposed to oversee when it came to, to these immigrants coming over here from South America and stuff like that. Like if and if And I understand you the vice president, well who did you have to help you overseas?


Because I'm an, I've been an assistant, I've been an assistant to kill Mike. I've been a ma I've been manager, I've been a manage manager to dig Gregory and Assistant. And when they need me to do something, I go ahead and do it. So If, you put somebody else in charge. They just opened up the border on our asses. You understand? But then when two, in 2021 when them Haitians was trying to come over here, they was pushing them back. So you gotta keep the same energy and, but you find all this money, $2.2 billion, $700,000 a day on migrant shelters. But we're supposed to continue to vote the way that we vote. No. What are you gonna give us? We need legislation. We need a hate crime bill today, You know, people keep talking about, oh, Trump wants to give immunity.


The police, police already have immunity. Look at your, look at your co, look at your, your your us. Look at the Constitution. Look at the civil rights that, that, that will be violated. I su I sued Delta by myself. Okay. I had my shirt on paper, pussy piece. And they say, oh, you can't have that on da da da da. Show me an a policy where I can't have it. Show me an a policy where I can't have it. How much you won. I won $20,000. Okay. But Now they made me take on my hat one day. That's why I asked that. Huh? My hat says sex. And they made me tickle My hat one day. Yeah, but there's no policy, just like how they telling people that they can't wear the Palestine flag? The employees what, like what happened to freedom of speech? It's 2024, my nigga. Like it's 2024. We're not living in 19 hundreds.


We're not living in, in 1901. Like this is crazy. So my thing is, I've always said we have, I have a black agenda. We don't have a black agenda. I have a black agenda. And my thing is we need, we're it's, it's supposed to be 12% of America is black, right? We need 12% of jobs. We need 12% of contracts. We need 12%. And if and if they, if neither one of these parties can give us 12%, what are we voting for? Because people say, oh, our ancestors died for this. Our ancestors. Our ancestors looking at us like, bitch, what are y'all doing? I know for sure did Gregory is not like, yeah, just continue to vote. 'cause you just want to vote. Yeah. Just continue to vote. No. Like what the fuck is you gonna give us? Give us. We don't have, our kids are, are beating.


What's that? What's that game? That video game. Minecraft. Huh? Minecraft. Minecrafts the other one. Call of Duty. Call of Duty. Duty. They beaties in a day. Why don't we have video game developing developers or anything like that in our communities? Why don't we have any STEM programs in our community apps? Y'all are making they making a killing off of us on, on Instagram. Do you see how much the pennies that we getting in social media, the pennies that we're getting, why don't we have our own social media app? And I know fan base, but fan base. But I'm just saying like that we don't have, we don't have the resources, but we are the Bank of America. We are the culture of America.


We are America and we continue to get Penny, I'm tired of it. The black, the the, the Democratic agenda is the L-G-B-T-Q agenda and I'm, I'm part of it, but that's a white agenda. Okay. It's abortions as well and immigration. Okay. The, the, the re the Republicans is these extreme crazy Christian reviews. And when it comes to You know the, the women's rights. And my thing is women's rights should be off the table. There's no way in The World that they should be arguing back and forth. And that's our fault. You know. And we continue to allow little things like how we let Bruce Jenner, what's his name, Kaitlyn Jenner be Woman of the year.


What the fuck was wrong with us? What the fuck was wrong with us? Yeah. Like, none of this makes any sense. And this is common sense. Pretty soon the Democratic party men ain't gonna have no voice. Y'all can't say shit. If y'all say anything, here come a rape charge. Here come a ho like groupies, groupies been out here, ho's been out here, and they're gonna continue side bitches for life. They're never going nowhere. Let's bring it back to Chicago. Yeah. Now, how can people help you with your illegal imminent domain case? I need a, a civil rights attorney. Yes. And I and And. I. And I, And I feel like it. A civil rights attorney.


There's plenty of other people that do need help out there, but there's legal foreclosures, there's stealing properties through tax, through delinquent taxes, but it's really not delinquent. But yeah, I, I need a a, an attorney. I need an attorney that's, that's not scared to go up against the city. Is the an email you feel comfortable giving out or something? Oh yeah. Lee Zo, L-E-I-G-H-Z-O e23@gmail.com. Well, Zoe, we appreciate you joining us and, and keep us abreast of what's going on. And I Hope This, I hope just You know, just providing this platform gets the word out because like I said, I've been watching you fight this fight for a long time on, on ig. So I thank you so much.


You know, not even understand like you were the first, I've reached out to plenty of other black journalists, black influencers and people are scared to take this story. So I appreci I didn't out to be You don't think I was black? I was supposed, Oh, I know you're black, but I You but no, we Appreciate you're Dominican, so I am black. I'm not Dominican, But thank you. Absolutely. No, but thank, thank you and good luck. We wish you the best luck and keep us abreast, like I said, like let us know what's going on because I'm sure just like what the city's doing it to you, I'm sure the city's doing it to somebody else out there over and, and you can be able to guide them of what to do. And, and hopefully You know you can save your, your family property, your generation. Right. Thank you. Alright, ladies and gentlemen, it Zoe. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast, Club.


Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Hi, I am Katie Lowes And. I'm Guillermo Diaz And we're the hosts of Unpacking the Toolbox, the Scandal Rewatch podcast where we're talking about all the best moments of the show mesmerizing, but also we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young, Scott Foley, Tony Goldwyn, Debbie Allen, Kerry Washington. Well suit Up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes stories with unpacking the toolbox. Listen to unpacking the toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or Wherever you get your podcasts.


Meet the real woman behind the tabloid headlines in a personal podcast that delves into the life of the notorious Tory spelling as she takes us through the ups and downs of her, sometimes glamorous, sometimes chaotic life and marriage. I just filed for divorce. Whoa. I said the words that I've said like in my head for like 16 years. Wild. Listen to misspelling on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want for my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.