
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ODU harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne de God. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosas. Filling in for Jess was on maternity leave and we got a special guest in the building. We have Frank McCord. Welcome. Thanks for having me. How you feeling this morning? I'm feeling good and you? Pretty, pretty good. Pretty good. Blessed. Blessed Black and Holly. Favored man. For for those who don't know, Frank, tell him, just tell him who you are To the mic. Frank too. Yeah, let's start with the fact that I'm a father of seven kids. Oh, okay. Fifth generation builder. Born and raised in a little place called Watertown, Massachusetts, right outside of Boston. So You know my, my great-grandfather came here a long time ago as an immigrant and started building roads when Henry Ford started building cars.


And so we've been building stuff ever since. And so, yeah, I guess my work kind of identifies me in many ways. 'cause I've worked hard for a long time. I've had the privilege of owning some sports teams, which are, is fun. Hard work, but fun and yeah, that's a little bit about me. You own The Dodgers? Who else? I own a football team called Olympic De Mae French Football Club. We just had a massive win last night against Leon. Congrats. One man down after the four and a half minute mark. So we had to play the entire match with 10 guys and one beat them in their house three to two. So that was massive for our, for our club.


How was owning the Dodgers? I'm, I'm sure you were a Red Sox fan I would assume. Yeah. Growing up. That's right. So how, How was that purchasing the Dodgers? Being a Red Sox fan? It was, yeah, it was amazing actually, to, to own the Dodgers You know incredible franchise. So, look, I I, my, my grandfather was a, owned a small part of the Boston Braves when they were in Boston and, but they left Boston when I You know the year I was born actually. So anything i I knew about that was in a scrapbook Gotcha. You know. But I, so I grew up a, a Red Sox fan, had great times there with my family growing up and then with my kids, You know and, and so forth. And they went on the market.


And after being in a family for a long, long time, And I had the privilege of, of bidding on the, on the club. We were one of the three finalists. And, but didn't get it. It was like an inside job. It went to an existing owner, which was fine. I mean, it's that those, that's the game, right? I mean, it wasn't like when you're buying a a team, you're not just, it's not like buying another company. You have to get owner's approvals and all that stuff. So they, they decide who's gonna buy it. So anyway, it was disappointing. But on the other hand, like massive privilege to, to be bidding on my hometown team You. know what I mean? Right. Absolutely. Never did I think I would be in a position to do that. And after losing the bid, I went to New York here and, and met with the, the, the hires You know the leadership at MLB just wanted to make sure I hadn't stepped on anybody's toes in the process.


'cause Boston is pretty, can get pretty rough when it comes to politics and sports and all that. And, and they said, no, to the contrary, would you like to buy another team? And I said, yeah, I, I haven't even thought about it, but I'll get back to you. So I looked around and Dodgers were on the market. Murdoch was selling them, and the rest is history. Wow. We ended up buying it. So it, it's sometimes You know, one door closes, the other opens when You sold it, are you, did you sell it to the group? That was Magic Johnson was With Yeah, exactly. I sold it to Magic. And, and yeah, I was going through a massive divorce, ugly, humiliating, embarrassing and all that. And very public as a lot of things are in LA and sold the club to move on with life.


Now you wanna buy TikTok. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Tell Us about that. Why, why would you love to jump into the social media world? Oh, it's, it's interesting. So when I was in LA through that tough period, I got a little taste of what social medias was like. Even then the negative side. Yeah. And that was, think about this for a second. Now that was, I got separated in July of, of oh nine. So my divorce was a matter of You know, a, a public thing for three years and with seven kids, that was tough. Yeah. I had four at the time. And but for those four it was very tough. And it was tough all around and for everyone and, and not, not just me.


And, and, but I, I, I, I watched what was happening here and, and first of all, let me, is it, don't feel, don't feel bad for me. Okay. I'm doing great. So that's, that's not the point of what I'm about to say here. But I, I saw this complete change in how we were communicating or, or sharing information. I'm not sure we were communicating and You know, Facebook had introduced a like button. Smartphones were in everybody's hands. So all this, like this Wild, wild West was, was appearing right before our eyes. And, and so I, I was, as I said, I, I felt a sting of all that because, and You know what I felt like a guy with a, watching my house burn down with a little garden hose with low water pressure.


Like I'm supposed to put that fire out somehow. Right? It's impossible. So And I said You know to myself at the time, well this is, it, it in the direction it's going. This is gonna take us all down. This is gonna just destroy everything we love. This was in oh nine when you felt like that? Yeah. Oh 9, 10, 11. Wow. 12. So it was a three year period where I got a glimpse at something. And little did I know that I'd be here 10 plus years later talking to you about this. But I, I saw that my first move after selling the Dodgers was to help start a public policy school in Washington, DC our nation's capital with Georgetown, my alma mater. We started that school. And You know, I had hoped that You know maybe we could get the, the policymaking apparatus up to speed here and out in front of the problems so that this runaway You know runaway machine wasn't gonna, like I said, destroy everything we love.


And so I started that public policy school in DC and in 2013, and it's a great place. It's, it will be the best public policy school in this country. I'm, I'm certain of that. However, I learned after two, three years that policymaking and the whole policymaking apparatus is no match for big tech. Hmm. You know technology is big. It's powerful. These companies are rich. They have people all over Capitol Hill, You know, donating money and so on and so forth. And it moves fast. And tech could care less about democracy.


Tech could care less about truth or trust. Tech could care less about our kids. It just optimizes for whatever You know, some technologist says optimize for this. And so we have these algorithms optimizing for crazy shit. And we're, we're all suffering the consequences of that right now. So it was five years ago that December of 19 that I had shifted my focus to the actual infrastructure. 'cause we have a, we have an infrastructure problem is what we have. And I'm an infrastructure guy. And if we could fix the infrastructure, fix the engineering problem, we could change how this all works. So I launched something called Project Liberty. I was Gonna ask are, are they selling TikTok?


Because I thought at one time the government was trying to force the guy to sell it, but he didn't want to sell it. So are is they actively selling TikTok for you to Purchase? Yeah, great question. They, they, the government is, has passed a law that the president signed that TikTok must either sell the US piece of TikTok and by dance is the company or shut it down. And by dance is resisting that. And so there's litigation right now. There was just a hearing last week. I think the government's case is very, very strong. I think they'll prevail and, and by dance will have to either shut down us TikTok or sell it.


And our bet is they're gonna sell it, not shut it down. And we don't wanna see it shut down. There's 170 million people using it that enjoy it. It just shouldn't be wreaking havoc on The, World You know, and, and, and, and You know creating the harms. It, it creates and it doesn't have to. So I don't wanna be the CEO of a social media platform. Don't misunderstand me. What I'd like to do is see the 170 million TikTok users come over to a new protocol where each of us own our own and control our, our identity, we own and control our data. We permission its use. It's not just scraped up by these platforms, aggregated algorithms applied to it.


And then we have a lot of crazy stuff going on. We need people, and this is my strong opinion, we need technology where we own us again and we're in control of us again. 'cause right now we are not in control of us. The these what's a, these platforms are controlled. What's a comparable time of you said, well, we own us again on, on the internet. When did we own our, our own info on the internet? Because Before the, what I'll call the app age. So when the internet started 41 years ago, it was decentralized and nobody was scraping our data, surveilling us 24 7 and taking advantage of us. And in 89 there, the worldwide web started and that's when our data was up for grabs.


That's when it, it, it all started right? Suddenly. And, and the data was out in the, in the ether, so to speak. Right? And a, a few companies, You know, they understood that If, you If you own everybody's data, you own them. And whoever was gonna own the most data would be the winner, quote unquote, right? And so you had a winner in social that was Facebook. Now meta you had a winner in search that was Google. You had a winner in shopping that was Amazon and so on and so forth. And what happened was this data is, don't don't think of it as this like amorphous thing that doesn't mean anything.


Your data is, you ev these platforms know everything about you more than You know about yourself because they have hundreds of thousands of data points about you. And so they make judgements about you. So it's not just like where you shop, but what You know, You know what, what, what your interests are and what restaurants are this, that it's, it's how you think. It's how you feel. So they're predicting, they, they have a, they've made an assessment of your personality and mind. So that means they can trigger us, right? Yeah. And that, that's not a good thing. So who Do these companies sell it to? And like how did they know that they should be farming people's data? Well, I I I think what they, what they realized Sha is that they had the data was gonna be very valuable.


And so let's collect the data and figure out how to make money next. So they went into this, they built machinery to basically extract and collect data. And then they needed a business model to, to keep the company going, right? And that was, that was the ad. So-called ad tech model or the attention economy, right? Oh, if we know a lot about you, we can sell you shit. Right? We can sell you stuff. We can go ahead and, and push ads on you to get you to buy things. In retrospect, that was, that's like the benign aspect of this. And what I mean by that is what, what they realized is that it's not just what you wanna buy or, or where you eat or what you like to You know this or that.


It's like I said earlier, how you think and how you feel. So you're profiled, we call that micro profiling, right? You're targeted. So if I can, if I know everything about you, then I can feed you news content that is gonna reinforce how you're already thinking. Right? If I can, if I know everything about you, I can get, get you to do things. I can manipulate you. You You know Jack Dorsey was the guy who started Twitter. He, earlier this summer, he was at a conference in Oslo. He said, we are talking way too much about free speech and way too little about the loss of free will. Mm. We are losing what makes us human You know. I I, I don't know about you guys, but when I was in school, what I was taught was that the You know what separates us from all the other species.


You know animal species is free will. That's right. It's our ability to, to to make judgements That's right. To make choices, to live our life, to have freedom, to have liberty, et cetera. That's what makes us human. You take our free will away from us. What, what, what, what's it all gonna look like then? And so that's why I started Project Liberty. That's why I've launched the people's bid to go ahead and move, not to shut down TikTok. We don't want to see it shut down, move the user base to this new protocol where we o we, we each essen essentially own ourselves again, own our personhood, and we get to decide how to share information about us to trusted counterparties And, and You know what's so scary about people giving up their free will in this era.


They think that they're doing it by choice, but they're not like they're really just giving it up because they're being influenced to give it up. Like there's not a choice to it. It's Avis vicious circle. Yep, exactly. Right. And it's, it's self-fulfilling in, in that way. And, I hear over and over again, You know this thing. Oh, people don't care about their data. People don't care about their privacy. And it's like, what, what if If you knew how much about you was in the public domain, of course you would care about it If. you knew how valuable the data was. Of course you'd want a piece of that action, If you. But right now, there's only one choice, right? We have these big platforms that dominate the, and by the way, when I talk about big tech and, and all this, I'm talking about internet technology.


That's what I'm talking about. I mean, technology is not a bad thing. Inherently, internet technology has, has become a weapon. And so we, we, these, these, this evolution of how the internet worked from something that was decentralized, designed by really smart people to make us all smarter, share information, You know, get smarter, advance civilization, You know and so forth, has become something just, just the opposite. It's really making us dumber. I agree. And, and it's making us, and it's, it's amplifying bad behavior. And, and, and, and, and amplifying meanness. No goodness. What Is, what is Project Liberty? Because you, you put, you put up 500 million Right far.


Yes. Yeah. So yeah, that's the seed capital. Get this show on the road and to put out, to let people know that it does not have to be this way. The internet could operate differently and we could each own ourselves, our identity, our data control. Control. Who gets to see what, just like we used to do in The World, pre pre-internet, right? There was a world before the internet where people got to decide what information they shared about themselves with other human beings. And so you You know, you, you, you didn't share a lot with a stranger. You shared a whole lot with your most intimate relationships, right? So we have an internet that doesn't o operate like that at all. As a matter of fact, you don't even know if it's another person on the internet.


'cause it could be a machine, a fake person You know or this and that. So we need to get it, get the internet to operate like the The World The World operates when it's coherent, which is You know, restore truth. Let people, let people be in control of their lives, have real people using the internet, not a bunch of fake phoniness. And then we, by the way, there'll still be bad behavior. They'll still be bad actors. We tech better tech is not gonna take care of all the problems in The World, but better tech that puts us in charge of our, of our own, all of our own data and our being and our personhood than puts us in charge of us again.


And we're accountable for our own bad behavior. But realistically, is that real though? You know. 'cause let's say You know, let's say you purchase TikTok and you do that with TikTok, with all these other platforms, whether it's Facebook, whether it's Instagram, whether it's Elon, Elon, Musk's ex, is, it realistically can get back to a place where we have our privacy back. I mean, it's to the point now where everything is open. I mean, you can pull up court cases, you can pull up somebody's house address, you can pull up so many different things where before you absolutely positively couldn't. But is that real? Yeah, totally real. I'll tell you why. You know, five years ago when we started this project, if I was having this conversation with you, I, I guarantee you when I left this room, you'd say out of his mind, not gonna happen.


Right? Impossible. Three years ago, two and a half years ago. And, and by the way, you'd say it was impossible because it's too complicated the tech and nobody's ever gonna change. And who and who, who gives a shit anyway, right? Because five years ago people weren't focused the way they are now.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds, an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void or prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five. Casino


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Juba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. btw group. No purchase necessary board web prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you tired of your scented cleaning products? Smelling and cleaning like meh. Then it's time for an upgrade with the power of Clorox sativa with an uplifting scent that smells like coconut. Clorox sativa gives you powerful, clean like Clorox. But a feeling like, ah, being transported to a tropical island retreat. Imagine putting your phone on do not disturb, tuning out all the constant, just the feeling of warm sand in between your toes and a fruity drink in your hand. The ones with a little umbrella. Refresh your home to feel like an all-inclusive vacation by getting Clorox tiva also available in grapefruit and lavender scent at a nearby retail store.


Two and a half years ago, we were able to actually push the, the tech out and say, see, it works. So we have over a million, almost moving towards a million and a half people on this new internet. I'm talking about this upgraded internet using it. So what does that say to me? Tech can the the tech works. We, we can have better technology. The internet only works the way it works now because of some engineering decisions. It can work differently. And if we decide to, to go to that alternative, to that upgraded version, then it works. It's just all a matter of scale, right? So now we know the tech can work. So what we're left with is this issue of how do you get people to migrate?


Okay, And I think people don't migrate until they realize there's a problem. And the other thing that's happened in the last couple years is the, the problem has now surfaced, hasn't it? People are seeing how bad this technology is. That's right. They're seeing the harm to You know you pick your pick, pick your problem. You know how are we doing with democracy, right? How are we doing with our, our, our ability to govern ourselves? How are we doing with the information ecosystem? How are we doing with real information versus fake shit? How are we doing with a trust and truth? How are we doing with protecting kids? It's just people are seeing it.


'cause they're hearing 10 stories a day about the, the, the, the the harms. So are we gonna just sit here and say, well, yeah, I got my phone, I'm addicted to it, it's free. So whatever. Or do we kinda show up and say, You know what, this is madness. It doesn't have to be this way. Let's fix it and get people to migrate to a new place. And so the TikTok thing for me, look, I've been working on this for a long time. I didn't know TikTok was gonna have to be sold or You know. And I wrote a book on this called Our Biggest Fight came out a few months ago. I didn't know TikTok was gonna be You know legislation was gonna be passed. It's, to me, it's an opportunity, a fantastic one to take a problem and turn it into a solution.


How Oh go. I was gonna ask. So all that is great and in a perfect world it would be amazing. But You know the data is being moved over, around the way it is because they make money, right? So as a business person, how do you speak to the money that isn't gonna be made? Or is there a way to still make money even though we would own our own data? And I get to pick and choose when you can put it where, like how does the, how is money made? Well, I I I'm, I'm gonna tell you that more money will be made because more people will be making money. And so it's not like the data isn't valuable and it's not like we're not gonna use data to solve big problems and to You know. They'll still be shopping and searching and social on, on this internet. The difference will be you'll decide who to share your information with and on what terms.


So imagine an internet where rather than clicking You know stupidly on the terms and conditions of use of these big platforms. You know the cookies that we all just click on. 'cause they are annoying. Yeah. Okay. Imagine an internet where the, the new apps and there'll be millions of them click on your terms of and conditions of use. You say, sure, you can use my data, but pay me. Right? So what we're what we're saying is that there will be advertising, there will be commerce, there will be business. There has to be for this to be realistic. Otherwise it's just like, sounds good, but will never happen type of project. Right? So, but don't, wouldn't you prefer an internet where rather than being targeted all day long and have stuff pushed on, you have an internet where you signal that you wanna buy something, you say, I'm this person.


I'm a real person. You could be anonymous until you contract, right? And, I wanna, I wanna buy something that's more valuable to advertisers, that's more valuable to companies selling things than just surveilling all of us. And guessing that you want something and hoping that you want something. Do You know a third of all the money that's spent on the internet in, in the advertising economy is complete wasted. It's either scam, scam artists or just misdirected or not. Why are we doing this? Why are we, in what world do we think that being surveilled 24 hours a day is a, is a a reasonable thing? It's, it's not. So there's gonna be business. Last thing. I'll just say You know, I, I tell this story all the time. I say pretend I'm the the postmaster general.


I'm in charge of the post office. And, I say to you, I'm gonna deliver your mail from now on for free, no stamps. I say, okay, what's the deal? All right, I'm gonna put a camera and a listening device in every room of your house, in your car, in your place of business. And I'm gonna surveil you 24 7. You say, well that is super creepy. You say, oh, one other thing, I'm gonna open your mail. I'm gonna read it. And everything I learn is now mine. Your relationships, your thoughts, your ideas, your feelings, even your most intimate ones, they're now mine. You say that's, it's, it's creepy and unfair. Oh, and while I'm at it, I'm gonna read your 14-year-old daughter's diary.


And when I see she's a little bit concerned about her weight, I'm gonna send her stuff to make her feel worse. I'm gonna send her stuff that she can buy so I can profit from making her feel worse. And I'm gonna send her stuff to tell, show her how to hurt herself. Wow. And cut herself, right? That's the internet we have today. I think you'd say, You know, keep your idea. I'll pay for my stamps. And so the point is, we have something that's incredibly predatory, incredibly exploitive. And, and we need to get it back in the, in under control so that we can go on and lead our lives and, and protect our kids. And like have some sense of like, what's, what's fact, what's fiction, what's truth without truth? There's no trust. Without trust. There's no society as we know it.


And, and so it's all pretty basic stuff. I Got three final questions. If. you got time. Number one, what? And I, what's the first thing you would do? If. you acquire TikTok to make it safe for people. Move the users to a new protocol, which is simple protocol where you own and control your identity and your, and your data. So it's a permission based internet. Now all of the good stuff of TikTok still happens. The user experience is very similar. So you won't take away the dancing, you won't take away the the thing, okay? People can dance all day long. It's, it's all good. It's just, it's just not, I don't want, people think they're just dancing and having fun, but at the same time, somebody's scraping all that information about them and using it in harmful ways, right?


So that's the, the, that's the thing here that we wanna eliminate. So that, that's, that's the first thing I would Do. And, and what can everyday people do right now to support or help make the change you're trying to make? Go to the, go to the peoples bid.com, the peoples bid.com and join the fight. Get involved and just in, in, and that involvement may be that you wanna invest that involvement may be, you can socialize it at your church. It may be socialize it at your kid, You know at at your kid's school on the, on the sideline of the football field. It may be that you want to volunteer and get involved. 'cause we eventually, we we're gonna have to have a million people show up in Washington, right?


And say, You know you gotta stop this nonsense. And because the, the CEOs of these tech companies we now know, and they know that there's a problem here, right? How many more, how many more conversations are we gonna have where they go in front of Congress and they testify and, and lie about this? And so if they were gonna fix it, they would've fixed it, right? So that's, we can't, we can't rely on them at the moment. The next place you go is to your elected officials and say, Hey, please fix this. It's hurting my kid. It's hurting You know my my business. It's hurting, whatever. It's hurting my life. And you go to, to, but sadly, these companies are all over, all over our elected officials.


They're giving them donations. They're, they have lobbyists and all that stuff. And so nothing's getting done. And, and by the way, worse yet, our elected officials are using the same social media platforms that are killing us, right? They're using them to, to get elected and all that. So what, what are we left with? We're left with us. We're left with PE people. And, and that's what we call it, the people's bid. Let's Green Bay Packer, this thing. Let You know how the fans own the Green Bay packer. Let The fan, that's my last question. What does that people's bid look like? Yeah, let's have, let's have people, let's have people fix the problem that others have created. Rather than sitting here bitching and moaning about it. You know we can sit here all day long and talk about the problems. I'm not, I didn't say a single word today that on the problem side that you don't already know.


Okay? And this is, this is progress. 'cause everybody's now known there's a problem. You can't change something until people look at it and say, we have a problem. Then they're open to change. So now the idea of the people's bid is let's get people involved and, and, and create the future we want. And again, I want to emphasize better tech doesn't solve all of our problems over overnight. You know what I mean? You, you still have people, and people do, some people do bad stuff. Some people do crazy stuff. But You know what, there's a lot of people that do good stuff. A lot of people that really want things better. A lot of parents particularly I think are gonna be the change agents here because they've had enough. They're, they're, this is like You know Mothers against Drunk driving type of deal.


You know where sadly You know. Some parents lose a child and they step forward 'cause they, they can't stand You know that's, they do it in honor of that child and that other parents who are scared of losing a child. Step forward. And then you have a movement, right? And then other people step in and say, You know what I, I, I'm, I'm for this too. Because You know I'm concerned about the lack of You know the lack of trust and truth in our, in, in our world and the, and the miss and disinformation. So you just, you start building different cohorts of people, people jumping on the bandwagon. And that's what's gonna cause change. And, I and You know, You know, again, it, there'll still be bad behavior and this and that.


But why, why have an internet that amplifies all the bad shit and, and, and, and, and doesn't make, at least make it a level playing field for good people to do good things. The internet is not the problem. It's designed so poorly that it amplifies this bad stuff because it was never designed for billions of people to be using it. 1, 1, 1. I know you got one other question, but one last question. You know they're making TikTok sell because of the Chinese government having our information, right? But they don't care about all the other people here in the US with bad intentions, with the, with, with the bad information, without information as well. Which sounds kind of crazy You know what I mean? It just seems like they should be stopping everybody having access to our information, not just the Chinese government.


I'm with you a thousand percent. That's Project Liberty right there. You just described it. It's it's, look, the Chinese government, the Chinese Communist Party, which is built on a different ideology than free societies like America where individual rights matter in China, they don't matter. All right? So If, you have a a, a government that is surveillance based, that is centralized, that, that is autocratic like China, centralized surveillance based autocratic technology is pretty awesome because it's in harmony with what you wanna achieve in China.


Chinese communist party wants to know everything about every person, right? 'cause If, you get off their reservation, you're gonna get punished, right? So everybody toes the line. We supposedly have a country built on individual rights, human rights, right? And we need, we yet we have this, as you point out, this centralized, autocratic, surveillance based technology. Something's gonna give here. You can't have a, a set of principles that respects individuals and freedom and liberty and choice and autonomy and permission and all that. And have technology, which is as it turns out, more powerful than our democracy. And, and think our democracy's not gonna bend to be more autocratic, centralized surveillance space.


What I want to do is see the tech bend to respect the human rights. Think of your, your data as a human right, because it is, it is everything about you. Everything about you. And, I can't emphasize that enough. It's not just who gives a shit where I am right now or what I buy or what I eat. It's everything about you. Hundreds of thousands of data points. So you And, I have been micro profiled. Are you kidding me? Would we ever let this government profile us to this degree? We'd say outta your mind. No way. Why are we letting these companies? So you're a hundred percent right. We should be talking about this more broadly, not just about TikTok, but let's, but it's good at least that TikTok is in play because, and the people understand we don't want 170 million Americans data going to the Chinese Communist Party.


Everybody gets that. But I'm with you 100%. We don't want that information going to Silicon Valley either. It's just Start somewhere. That's exactly right. Now a Political season around the corner. Is there any, I guess politician that's, that's supporting what you're doing, whether it's the Democrat or the Republican side, is there anybody saying this is wrong or, or not at all? No, I, well, this, this, this move to get TikTok to sell or shut down was started by Trump and then it was continued by Biden. The legislation was bipartisan si signed on by, which is pretty amazing when you look at how dysfunctional our, our Congress has been.


Yeah. And then signed by Biden. So this has been a bipartisan effort Gotcha. To get, 'cause You know why they've, they, they know the harms that this, this technology has. And And I had the privilege of seeing a portion of what was sent to the US Congress as part of the briefing. I I didn't think I could be more concerned about this issue. It's pretty, you're pretty obvious. I'm concerned about it. I've been working on it for a long time. I saw that briefing the hair on the back of my, my neck stood up. Wow. I I I it was frightening. Were You at that tech CEO hearing back in January that they had No. No. Okay. Okay. No, but, but I, I, I saw this, this briefing that was given to Congress and it is, it is amazing how powerful this technology is to affect people's thinking.


And that's, that's, that's the part of it that I wanna get across here. It's not just that China has our data, that it has it, it, we're all profiled. So China can get you to think a certain way about things that are in their best interest to get you think, think that way and think you, and get you to think differently about things, for instance, that are pro-America. Maybe they want to get you to th think things, think positively about the things that are on their agenda. Right. Maybe making us completely You know a a chaotic society where people can't tell fact from fiction. That's right. And truth is, is gone.


That's probably a good thing for China. If, you are out to elevate your own ideology, right? Which is centralized, communist type of You know if we want freedom and liberty and individual rights, we need to start looking at our data as a human. Right. This is who you are and we should, we should own us. Right? Even our DNA, by the way, our biological DNA is now digitized. So what could get more, more you than your DNA, right? So this, this is really, really, I, I think a, a key issue. And, and like I said earlier, I I, I, I didn't realize 10 years ago I'd be sitting here, here talking to you. Wow, you all about this. It was just, I had a, I had an experience, opened my eyes, tried to do something about it, and here we are and I'm, I'm actually becoming more and more optimistic every day because You know people like you are, are on this and, and you're doing your own thing Shara, to get people to understand that that how social media is, is just killing us.


And so let's fix it. It doesn't have to be this way. Absolutely. Well, thank You for joining us this morning, ladies and gentlemen, Frank McCort, check out his book to our biggest Fight, reclaiming Liberty, humanity and Dignity and the Internet Age. And if they wanna know more about Project Liberty, where do they go? Project liberty.io or go directly to the peoples bid.com. Alright, It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Thanks for your time guys. Wake that ass up Early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void, book prohibited, play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com High five Casino.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If, you feel like you do the same thing every day? Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary B GW Group VoIP or prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions Apply.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved,


Ready to elevate your game and connect with marketing's most influential leaders. Unlock your impact on culture at Black Week, October 15th through the 18th in New York City. Black Week is an economic forum and marketing conference created for and by Black and Latine top level executives in media, entertainment, tech, and more designed to inspire visionary professionals to lead with purpose. Black Week will redefine our economic profile in the market. Register now at Black week.co/register Black Week 2024. Claim your spot.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound System with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.