
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two.


You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion In Mississippi.


Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there Or more. A forgotten asylum. Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety. Something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yasu Clay. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey, you are listening to On Purpose with Jay Shetty. And today my guests are none other than Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco. What I felt for Benny, it was everything about him was honest.


He'll tell me anything that he's feeling and it made me feel like I could do the same. If We would've met each other when we were younger, it would've never Worked. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne. The God. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. Donelle, you wanna step to the mic? That's the only chair. Y'all, We can pull up that chair. Do you want that chair? Nah, I'll sit right here. We We can pull up that chair. You want us to pull up the couch? Okay. These Are for You too. I brought you some flowers.


I don't accept gifts. Donelle was very concerned about you. I Was very concerned about you. She, we talking concern. Let all concerns I was concerned. Congratulations On your podcast. Thank you. The latest with Lauren La Rosa Japer on March 31st period. Come On to Black Queen. Oh, now I'm a queen. You Always been a queen. Bitch. Emini here. Queen, queen, queen, queen, queen, queen. You always been the queen. Good morning. It is a queen missing today. You won't be booed in here. It's okay. I don't, okay. I don't understand what that means. I don't get booed Sometimes it might be a situation where there's a misunderstanding. Boo, but I don't get booed. You can't, you can don't know a person that Knows what happened, what Happened with what? Boo.


So we were watching something online and it was a roast. They Was Coming for you and they were, they were booing you. Every time you spoke they booed you. Right? What happened? Darnelle. Alright. This is, this is, I don't really like to, I I really wanted to start this interview in a positive note. As much as I can't stand y'all in the absence of somebody, where's he, he's at a strip club dropping like it's hot somewhere. Mm. There was a very viral video that went down and looked very, very suspect. It Was my video. It was your video. It was someone that was dropping like a hot, in a velo sweatsuit. One of the most ratchet things you can do as a human. Okay. Back to your Question. I was, A lot of people don't know what you're talking about.


Well, You were doing a, a roast, you were hosting roast. It was you I Wasn't hosting. I wasn't hosting. I Explain Were you judging? What were you doing there? First off, I was, I was in Los Angeles, California And I had the opportunity to meet with somebody that regard in, in the highest manner that, you know, I came in here and I've sung the I Lose Control song. For the longest time, probably for the last couple years I've been using as an intro song. Teddy Swims? Correct. Teddy Swim. So I had the opportunity to actually, we were like connected through DM and Oh, that sounds sketchy as shit. We were connected through social media And I had the opportunity to meet him in person, hung out with him and that turned What are you doing?


I just, you know, like exclusives. I just want people to see you after the booing situation And I can confirm that you're good. So I had a chance to hang out with Teddy Swim and we would, we we had some that night we had some adult beverages That Yeah, you right. You were drinking liquor. We Were drinking liquor. A lot of it. And what I learned that night was that you can't go toe for toe doing shots with Teddy swims or Lauren. I don't know if you ever drank Heard. I was to ask you do you want, 'cause you know how we come on, we be a Good time. No, no, no, no. According to the streets there, I need to slow down on my drinking. I Think so. I didn't ask for your opinion. Okay. Mr. Perfect. And went to a Comedy roast hosted by Jeff Ross and the Negro after The shots.


After the shots. Okay. And it was a platform where comics go on stage and they do they three or four men's worth of roasting. And then you as a guest, a guest host, or not a host, a guest judge. You critique those people on what you thought their comedy meant. Right. Or in that moment. Correct. And I didn't have a lot of favorable things to say about him, to which the Negro on the show encouraged the audience whenever I spoke to Boomie. So to your point of a boo Boo, you told me to do it. You said the Negro said, how long Long are we gonna do this? I'm Sorry, go ahead. I'm sorry. Huh? No, I'm not doing that. And it was a situa. It was, it was, it was a, a misunderstanding.


They booed me. But it wasn't like a boo Boo. No, no. They booed you. It Was a, it was a bunch of boo. No, It wasn't a boo. No, It was a boo. It wasn't a boo like that. You got different boos. You got the fuck outta here boo. You. Your shit is corny. Boo. Then you got a boo that when people, when they encourage someone to do that, and that's what happened that night. And I No, They booed you. They booed you a lot. They, every time you spoke, you got on stage, they booed you. How did it make you feel? It didn't make you feel You too always be getting booed. No, I'm too funny to be getting booed that too. No, because you actually are, like I told you, like when I saw you at Radio City Music Hall, I was like, I've seen you before. And I was like, you're funny. There You go. Cutting people off again, period. Geez Christ. I Would say you go Instagram live, but you're gonna be in the conference and not Care.


You cutting people off of here. Oh man, I see what they mean Right now. Jesus Christ. Do we raise our hand? Can we get a bail or something in there? God damn order in the court. There's a lot of people missing in here today. That's why you dressed like that. What? You came in here and thinking this was court? Nah, I just feel, I feel like an adult today. Can I, can I ask you a real question? Don Rawlins is here and if you haven't seen the video Yes. He, he was booed and the host of the show told him every time he spoke to, to boom. I thought it was hilarious. 'cause Don Of course you're, you're a negative person. Of course you are. No, but, but I I I actually like you. But do you think I don't serious, I'm not concerned about you liking me vie. All Right. Okay, Fine. But seriously, do you think people take you serious enough?


Like do they do, do you feel like they play with you too much? Because I, I feel like they wouldn't play with certain comics like that. But they feel like they play with you all the time like that. Yeah. Yeah. They play too much. My whole life played too much. My whole life. People thought I played too much when I was Korean. They didn't know how to say this nigga played too much of Korean. So they would say too much a gameplay. And I was, that's me. I'm a gameplay motherfucker. I'm in the right position. They used to say that all the time. You are too much a gameplay every day. You why all the time I'm not being funny. That's how the Koreans talk. Why you every day? Yeah. Lets get upset with me. Loy you every day. You all the time. Bullshit. All the time. You don't speak Korean. That shut up and be quiet. But Why do they play with You deep?


But why do they play with you? Like they don't play with shut, they don't play with Duval. They don't play with I know that's right. Any of the comedians that's on this wall, but they play with you all the time. It's like they almost try to take the fact that you are famous, the fact that you are successful, the fact that you are funny and try to downplay it all the time. Why do you think that is? You wanna know the real answer to that? Please. Because of you motherfucker. What do you mean? You and this platform. That's why, why that? Because y'all played too much. Y'all started with booty tricks. Y'all started with with with black big asses. And Can I cut you off? Can you cut Me off and then start with the booty tricks? It Would be you, it would not be You. It then start with the booty tricks. It started when you tried to come here and with it was something like with your dad or the book.


Remember the moment when you charlemagne's laughing at him? Yes. That's when you wrote a book about his dad. Yeah. It Was Laughing Something. First of all, you probably was in high school when I first started doing this show. Okay. So your facts are incorrect. That's not how I started. Well, the first time it stopped, The one that we I'm cutting you off again. Okay. No, you Okay? I'm okay. Yeah. All right. I'm just checking on you. Okay. The one that I most know of is the Moment with your dad in the book. And I felt bad for you in that moment too. I felt bad for myself in that moment. It was very, very awkward. He had a good time with that. You know what I'm saying? I, when he speaks about his dad, whatever, I'm like, oh, that's so good. The fact that his father was a poppo and in the military, our kind of paths were parallel.


So I support him in the relationship he has with his father. Now, when I wanted to get really serious and talk about some childhood, childhood trauma in my life, they thought it was a joke. So, back to your question, how did it start? And this, to answer your question, you motherfucker, the lack of respect that you guys have had, but I've, I've mustered through it. I'm a better person. So you do. I think because you come up here and play with us, you think people play with you. Yeah, I think so. I think that's a part of it. Yeah. You seriously think that I answered the question once? Yeah, but I You be joking. So you gonna Just keep asking questions till you get the answer that you want. That's what I do. It's my doubt. I see what they be saying now. Oh, So, So how do we change this narrative, Darnell? Because I, I, I don't like the fact Emini here.


You know what it is? I, you know, you know when you're dating somebody and you're like, I could argue with her, but nobody else can. I feel like that with us. Like, we can make fun of you, but The World should be able to make fun of you. But like, I feel like they take your comedy lightly, but we don't take your comedy lightly. Nobody jokes about comedy lightly. We laugh. There's only a couple people that take my comedy lightly and, And I don't care about that. But nobody takes me lightly. It's just that. And I, I will say whenever I go, the first thing they say is, why you let The Breakfast Club fuck with me like that? I said, I don't let 'em Fuck you, don't Fuck you, fuck with you, you Fuck with. Yeah. Like, you know the prank. And I like, they don't, they don't, they don't. I Didn't interrupt that one, Man. I said so many god damn prayers before I came up here today, man. I wasn't, I didn't come here for that envy.


I'm, I'm, I'm trying to talk to you because I really want to get your feelings and your expressions out there because I don't like how people play with you. I, you know, the booing thing is funny. It's hilarious. I thought it was funny. There's nothing funny about getting booed. It's the most traumatic thing you could deal with as a comedian. Especially when, when you, when like, when it's because you weren't funny. And the situation I had wasn't 'cause I wasn't funny. It was just, it was a setup. That's what it was. But That's a lacker. I didn't, I didn't like watching it 'cause I was like, okay, I don maybe this is what they do on over there. But like, I felt like it was a lack of respect. And I don't like that Emini here. It was, I wouldn't say it was a misunderstanding. There's no tricks going on today. Today. I promise. There's no tricks. There's, I promise you fuck is going on. Traumatizing.


I don know Going on today boot, there's pins. It's nothing. We just having a real conversation. I Don't have, listen, things happen. Moca minutes is not here today. I I noticed that feel so much better. Things happen as a committee. Things happen and then at the end of the day is what you do with those things have happened. And that incident I had with Jeff Ross and that Rose Battle, you know, there's a lot of things that could have happened that, that I could have switched the situation. I was lit. I, I'm not gonna lie about that, but at the end of the day, it's what, when things happen, it's like, they always say, can you turn lemon into lemonade? So they try to tag with Mr. Crash out, I am a crash out motherfucker.


And it's because of people and relationships that I have with people like yourself. Like with her. She's absent today. She, he Queen. Oh, Charlamagne. Yeah. Moca Mena. Yeah. For the girls. What was that When, so the video you referenced when Charlamagne was dropping it like it's hot. Yeah. And giving all ballroom in the ballroom. We call her moca Menace. Oh, Moca Menace. What's up? Moca. And he, it wasn't like he, it was like I practiced that. Like he practiced that at home and he finally had the platform to to, to drop it for everybody. I'm sure. Yeah. But but back to what I was saying. So, so how do you change that narrative? Because I feel like you let people trick you outta your position, right? It started with the, when the, when Comer called you mild and, and you was upset about that and you crashed out about that.


Then with, with the boo you crashed out about that. But because It's not true, son, there is nothing that's not, there is nothing that's mild about me after There's nobody, I swear There's nobody's Calling the door. As soon as the door close you get scared. Yo. The reason why, because there's no facts to make that make sense. After 30 years doing comedy, I've never ever once heard anybody call me Mao. So it's like this, it's like an assassination of somebody's character. When you put something out there and it's not true, you can be upset about it. I have to and I'm thinking about getting a therapist. I have to learn how to deal with stuff like that and not take it so personal.


But there's a couple of words. There's n words in comedy that when you said people get offended about corny and whack those two words, it's almost like fight words in comedy. And it's not a person, I'm not a person that had a career where I go back and forth one year, he's funny, one year he's not. Or that was okay. I've been tearing up stages forever. And that's not just me saying it, it's anybody that come on any comment that come on this platform would agree that I'm a funny motherfucker. So when you put that out there, I take offense to it, but I shouldn't, I shouldn't take it that serious. And usually it's people like that, the ones that talk the most shit out, the ones that doing the least shit in this business, Right? But you know, Charlemagne always says nobody cares about the truth and the lies more entertaining. But when, when you allow it and you crash out about it and it shows people you bother, you, people gonna keep attacking that same thing over and over and over again.


Emini here, you and you allowed 'em to do it. I don't allow 'em to do anything. And you are a perfect example of that because you fucking with me now. I'm not, I'm asking you questions like I'm not joking you, I'm asking You questions. I do not trust your face. You Don't. But I don't trust. But I'm asking, Asking you Questions. I don't trust you. Why? Why You could go eight episodes and answer the question why motherfucker? It's a whole, it's countless. You put down Ross's Breakfast Club, everything starts off, but a goddamn joke. So I don't trust you And I have my guards up. Are you really gonna do therapy? Like, is that a real thing? I think I possibly might need therapy Because just in life you have some like things you need to figure out or because the way like you're not, like, you don't like the responses you're getting to your comedy. No, it's a Relationship that I have with certain people.


Okay. But I know, you know, you part of me though. Like me, you, you came up here and you bought, you brought us Baby away. We barely know each other. Yeah. You bought this baby like you're part of the joke. Like it's not like we just crack on you, you crack on us. Well, everything, I, nobody ended this, this conversation is gonna be a real estate joke. I know that. I don't do real estate jokes no more. You don't do real estate. No. You Been, See, I'm just, that's not a joke. That's a, that's a, see you still Crack real on me this whole time. Do you still follow certain people on your Instagram page? See, I, it's not a real estate joke. It's real. You don't do real estate? I do. Okay. I didn't know it's not as promoted as it used to be. See, that's not a Joke. But I know I'm gonna get that from you. But it doesn't, it doesn't bother me. It doesn't affect me. 'cause I, well maybe with two, two different people. Envy Why you turn around?


Because I, there's not, I just don't feel comfortable with this situation. That's why. Yeah. So what's next for you when it comes to, to, to comedy? Because it seems like you Performing this city winery in New York this weekend, Friday. It Seems like you're always trying to prove yourself. I'm song. I'm not trying to prove myself. I'm, I'm, that's next for me in comedy. Another thing that's next for me, I have this thing that I do called Darnell Land. And it's something similar to, to what you do in regard to providing something for the community. I do this five days in Yellow Springs, Ohio, which consists of a lot of activities for the family with the canoeing, kayaking, sound, bath nature, walk of Sunday, fun day, celebrity cook, kickball, game streets versus the creeks.


And then it comes to a climax on Monday, Memorial Day Monday with the river run that we've had at least 400 people participate in that. And that's happening again this year. And that's the, the weekend of Memorial Day. That's what Darnell's doing. I love that. Yeah. So with Dave Chappelle, your close friend. Yeah. What does he tell you when you go through a lot of the stuff that you go through, because Emini here, you put out a special And I thought the special was hilarious. Right. He told me don't engage But you do. So you don't listen to your friend. That's filthy rich that's been doing it. And I Don't listen to a lot of people and that's why a lot of situations I get in because so many situations I've been in, it could have been like, why did you respond to that? I don't care how anybody want, anybody wanna say it's, it's the hardest thing to do is not to respond to negativity.


And part of, I know that whenever I sit down and talk to therapists, the first thing they're gonna do is tell me Donelle don't read the comments to which I'm gonna read each and every one of those comments. You Also be in the comments too. You in the comments too. Yeah. But Emini here, every Other page I go No, Every other Yes. You, you on everybody. Not Every other. Are you calling me A hoe? You I didn't, I didn't say that. I Just say I didn't, I'm not calling you a hoe. I'm just saying you a a social media. Is that the same? I ain't be like a ho ho but Emini here like a ho ho. But like you for the tweets. I'm for the tweets. Tweets You for the tweets. What Do you, okay, what do you mean with you? Right? It's hard. But there's so many comedians said, there's so many comedians.


Like you look at Gary Owen. Yes. Shut up. Don't say nothing because you get in trouble. Right. You look at Ryan Davis, you look at all these comedians that want Netflix specials that Netflix hasn't offered 'em anything And you got a Netflix special. Yeah. You are working on another one. So you are blessed beyond belief. You're, you are doing comedy in front of hundreds of thousands of people. Huh? So you get to the opportunities that most don't. But I feel like you always trying to prove yourself And I never understand why. 'cause you are funny as shit. Like I, you know, you know I come and support you. Right. It's just that I'm coming this weekend. Oh, I'm Going to I didn't invite you. I Was gonna tell you, you can't gimme tickets. You just gonna barge in. Alright. I know. I can tell I hear you in the lobby. No it's not.


I'm telling you a lot of things that I engage in I shouldn't engage in. And that's part of me, that's part of me trying to find some growth. And that's part of me. I like, I really do think that I probably could use or benefit from having a therapist or talk to a therapist and it's something I had to deal with. Until then I'll continue to be funny. But I'll tell you one thing that anytime I have an incident, what it does to me for my fight back is that it makes me more creative. It makes me wanna go on stage and, and just destroy a room. And it makes me want to produce something funny. Even an incident that you're talking about with Jeff Ross and I made a song about it. The only way I could deal with it is to try to bring some humor in it and really pushes me to be more creative and get in in my production mode.


That's what I do. That's why I fight. Why did, why did you wanna make a song? Because I was tired of explaining what happened that day. And the song was lost control. I lost control that day. I lost control when I had drinks with Teddy. And I was like, that's a funny way to address it. Instead of me really expressing how I feel like, fuck them motherfuckers, I don't give a fuck about him. I said, right, why don't I try to make it funny and spin it And I take control of the narrative when I do stuff like that. Next Question. Now what about your drinking? Has your drinking been an issue and a problem? Nah, it's never been problem. Why? You look at me in my face like that son Emini here, it might've been an incident before which you drinking and every time there's a situation it seems like alcohol is also involved.


And when is that usually When do, when do these incidents happen? Drinking hours. When does it happen? Does drinking hours mean that doesn't mean that it's not, You know the fucking mean. I'm saying I could see if I was coming outta church fucked up. You don't see that? Oh, so it Not, if you're drunk and every, every time it happens when you're drunk, that might be a issue. I don't say drunk, I would Just say inebriated or slightly like feeling nice and I've had some incidents and what it happens. Envy. What incident are you referring to? I'm not, 'cause I'm not gonna put that man's stuff out there. He knows what I'm talking about. I just wanna make sure my brother is okay and my brother's good. No, it's A couple of them. Which, what are you talking about? I don't remember that one. See That's the one I was talking about, not gonna talk about. I googled Rollins drinking. Oh my god. And the the second article that came up is from Yahoo Entertainment.


Don Don Rollins says he had a great time at Titi parties. Yo, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I swear to God. Everything the fuck. Look at this. Look. Look. Second article that came up. What? What? Darnell Rollin's drinking With Diddy. Oh is that the time you drove up the wrong side of the street? Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. Alright. Wait. You drove Up the wrong side. That was part, that was part of a joke. That was a part of the joke. And the Joke was, I don Dunno what joke that was. No, that was part of the joke. 'cause the picture y'all made viral. There was a picture that picture of me on did this yacht And I said I don't know what he put in that vodka. It feel like I had a full head of hair on that yacht. It felt like I was a black Fabio.


That's what it was. Alright, next question. Who wrote the song? You wrote it? I did. Oh, okay. Yeah I did. I thought it was something funny. It was but you know, I can't really play it because Copyright situation, but you know, that's what I do. You gotta be able to turn limits and lemonade and don't let people, don't let stuff like keep you down or, or fuck you up And I move forward. The only thing, I'll just put it like that in any situation, if you make me mad, it's gonna make me go harder on stage. And no matter what anybody wants to say about me, that thoughts of me, I'll Just say I invite any of those people, any of the naysayers or any people have question about how I'm gonna stand up. I'll say come to my show and challenge you to go one-on-one toe to toe with anybody, anybody in the business. I have no problem with that. Now know another challenge was at one time your your child's mother.


How has that worked out? Have y'all worked everything out? Can you, what Can you get Darnell napkin? He just spit out his water. Please don't worry. He's just getting nap. She's just getting a napkin. I promise. Okay, no problem. What was that? Was that challenge or did y'all fix that? Or y'all on the same accord now away page away. I know at one time you and your, your child's mother was not seeing eye to eye on things Emini here when you not with the person that at one point you was in love with and you and it didn't work out like you want Emini here. People want to have a health relationship, but it's kind of tough 'cause it's always emotions involved and always comes down to like how you feel. How do you say this? We're good, we're good, but there's gonna be some trials and tribulations with that. Do do you ever look back at that and say, I was the problem. Hi, it's me, the the whatcha call, the song I at, I look at it all the time.


I whole, I take accountability. You know, it's easy for say when you hear situations, but like co-parenting is like this. It's easy. It's, it's two sides of every story. And I, And I do believe that part of the, the reason that we're not together in a, a living situation is because I pro I, I'm pretty sure I contribute to it. But you know, that was in the past. And the most important thing right now is to raise our son to be the, a best human we could possibly can do at the end of the day. I'll take accountability of that. I'm not a perfect motherfucker. I'm not any of that. Would You change anything? Would you, would you say look back and say I should have did this differently or I should have did this With the relationship with her? Yes. No, I think she should have stayed the fuck outta my phone.


What did she find when she went through your phone? Don't worry about that. I'm just saying leave my motherfucker phone alone. That's all I'm saying. Your phone is over there. My phone mixed over here. If you pay the bill over there, I pay the bill over here. Hey man, in relationship, I'm the perfect motherfucker. If you mind your business instead of my phone, the devil is in the phone. I think you Do need therapy. What did he find in the phone then? How come Your phone wasn't locked? I don't know. You answer that. You gave her your password. You answered that question sir. They got ways to do it. Shit, I don't know. Motherfucker might open my eyeballs up one night. I don't know what the fuck she, She's a lot younger than him so she might have just watched him into the passcode and Remembered it.


No, it might have been that. It's God's way of saying Darnell, you're not living correctly. And some parts of my life I wouldn't live correctly. But that's Darnell. That's time Are living correctly now. Yeah, that's much as I can. Yes. I don't fucking know what's going on. I'm just trying to have a real You say you don't have a real conversation Som I'm not joking you, I'm just having a real conversation. No, You'd be, you'd be low key stressed. What About the the like the parental situation sometimes? Nah, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't be stressed about that. I I don't be stressed because what I, I try to eliminate, I try to do this is what I believe. When you, when and a co-parent is said,


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated. Like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast.


If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with future health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


There's A type of soil in Mississippi called Yazoo clay. It's thick, burnt orange and it's got a reputation. It's terrible, terrible dirt. Yazoo, clay eats everything. So things that get buried there tend to stay buried until they're not. In 2012, construction crews at Mississippi's biggest hospital made a shocking discovery. 7,000 bodies out there Or more all former patients of the old state asylum and nobody knew they were there. It was my family's mystery. But in this corner of the south, it's not just the soil that keeps secrets. Nobody Talks about it.


Nobody has any information. When you peel back the layers of Mississippi's, Yazoo, clay, nothing's ever as simple as you think. The story is much more complicated and nuanced than that. I'm Larson Campbell.


Listen to Under Yazoo Clay on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey, you are listening to On Purpose with Jay Shetti. And today my guests are none other than Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco. I can't wait for you to hear this episode about their love story, about their relationship. Like you've never heard it before. I wanna go back to the first time you ever met. Well thank you so much for this. Be one of the Thank you. I'm Selena. We are watching Disney Field when you're a pop star, like she's, and you're a huge entity and people set up all these walls before and then the first second you like disarmed everybody. By the way, congratulations on your engagement.


What I felt for Benny, it was everything about him was honest. He'll tell me anything that he is feeling and it made me feel like I could do the same If we would've met each other when we were younger, it would've never worked. Listen to on Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Situation. A lot of guys like this or I'm gonna take care of my responsibility and they think that their responsibility is just taking care of that kid. I don't agree with that. I think really if you want a healthy relationship for your kid and the mother, I think it's important to try to do everything to make her happy physically, mentally and financially too.


So IIII do all those things to try to have that relationship as healthy as possible. Because if the mother of your child is mentally unstable, whatever, that could affect your kid. So I do everything in my power to make sure that she's good and she's happy. Okay, I respect that. And you really not to talk about 'cause I can't make, we're not making jokes. I wanna take, I wanna take this as serious as possible Don. Okay? I don't want you to think that anytime you come up here, we just coming to pay the the shit on you or jokey or boo you or something like that. I like, I really take you serious as a friend and you know I want you to be succeed And I want you to win. Why does this feel so fucking weird? You know why it feels weird? Congratulations though.


On what the, on your podcast and everything that you do. Oh you gonna be a guest? Congratulations. Of course I'd be a guest. Let me ask You a question. What advice would you give Lauren and Jess? You know, you've done radio for a long Time. What advice I would give them? You've done radio with me But I thought about this And I just, okay. You called me That day. I didn't answer the phone. I feel like it shit that Day. I know, you know what, this is how I feel. And I thought about this even when I came up here at Envy. I was like, we've had a lot of opportunity to be funny and everything like that. I was like, am I always gonna be funny? But this is what I think. I think with Lauren and Jess, you have to allow them to be Lauren and Jess. Jess is not Lauren. Lauren's not Jess, right? You know, I think so. And we're like, I've been on the blogs and I've been listening. I hear people say, well Jess is not a journalist, whatever.


But you guys didn't hire her to be a journalist. And the thing that people don't understand is like yeah. And I thought it was a very funny benchmark with her, with her social. One of the funniest things that Jess did was Jess with the mess. I loved that. That showed her comedic thing. And it was always a spin on news and satire timely. So, and you know what I'm saying? So now there's not gonna be a comparison. If you look at a person that's trained to be a journalist or whatever you, it is gonna be an obvious distance, obvious difference between, but you gotta let Jess be just and you to be you. And this is the story that I look at that that really bothers me on if people taking sides of it. You have two black women that came and no insult from nothing Pretty Much.


That's not an insult I built. Yeah. Both built from nothing. They came from the mud. Correct. You know what I'm saying? They positioned themselves. So we should be celebrating that and be proud of it. We shouldn't be putting 'em together. And as far as, And I remember when you was on TMZ, when I first had opportunity to actually talk to you, I appreciate like how you used to hold me down in that, on that show when Harvey And I used to try to go sideways whatever, you always defended me. I remember just some years ago, maybe seven or eight years ago when she probably had 15 to 20,000 followers on Instagram and she's sending my DM and asking me an honest question about comedy. Like what do I need to do? I said, I can't tell you anything to do. I said, but what you gotta do is go on stage and everything you need to know about comedy, it'll happen.


And like people, this is the thing Jess had to her all the tools to make herself successful and be self-made. And most of these motherfuckers that talk shit And I know this kind of hard for people in social media side, oh they came from social media, they came from YouTube. But even to get to the point where she is, you have to have some type of work ethics. You have to have some type of discipline. It's not like you post one video and it's gonna happen. And I seen her go the same way I saw Kevin Hart when he first started doing Twitter with 20,000 followers. He stuck to it. She stuck to her thing. So you can't hold it against it, hold against her the way she got on.


I think it's unfair to try to put them together. And I think that they could coexist in the same thing if both of them do their lanes and do what they supposed to do. I'm proud of watching both of, I consider both of 'em my friends. Yeah, that's What you called me to say that day. I called you to say some, you didn't have to hear from me. I didn't call to talk shit because I didn't. I didn't. I was like, I don't feel like no more jokes. Me and comedians just ain't happen. It ain't going well to Break. No, because I know this what people say. We all are opportunists. We all try to position ourself to win. You know what I'm saying? How you gonna get mad at a person? I remember when you first started doing this and you wasn't talking about I'm going to be an on air personality. You was talking about, oh man, we going to we we gonna make it even tighter.


'cause I used to say to myself, the show is sometimes it's all over the place, but I know what your experience of producing. I was like, that's part of something that they need. I didn't know that it was gonna turn into situation where you get, you get as much time, but you deserve enough everything that you got on this show, not even without this show. You already had a trajectory to be successful. And how can somebody be mad? Like, because a person like coming here, guess what, they like me. I'm doing a good job. I want to continue that. It wasn't no shade. I can understand Jess feelings on that side of it. And especially when you say situation like, okay, I suggested that this person being in this, there's no cattiness, whatever. I see a strong black woman that wants to do something and if I can help her in any way, I wanna do that.


But I can understand coming back and feel like a situation's supposed to be another way. It don't happen. I could see the discomfort and the misunderstanding on both sides. But again, I think they can coexist if she gets to be herself and Jess gets to be herself. Okay, that's it. That is so positive. I'm not a negative person. I like, I really support, like I, I called Jess when it happened. I called you And I called her. She answered, she answered the phone. Okay. And this is what Emini here. I know you not really, it's not too much of a candid conversation. And I told her, I said, I can understand how you feel And I could hear in her voice she was upset. She didn't want to hear no jokes or whatever. I said just most importantly thing, whatever you do when you respond, it's so hard to not let your emotions take over the live her emotions were taking over.


I said, whatever you do, do it in a funny way however you respond. Do it in a funny way. I said, if people upset with you, whatever, remind them why you're here and you're here because you are a funny person. So continue to do that. Don't you see people that come out and they have, they go on these media runs and they talk about everybody. So many comedians now go on these platforms. They don't even wanna be funny no more. Well, well you know why, right? What? And I told people the other day is they get paid for the the outland stuff that they say they get paid for before you did an interview and you said Outland stuff you didn't get paid for, right? Yeah. But now if I say something crazy and it's on YouTube and it's on TikTok and it's on Instagram or X or whatever these platform it is, yeah. And I get a million views, I get paid off of that.


A, it becomes an addiction. Now I wanna say more stuff that's wild because I you a hundred percent. But it's, it's, it's, it's like me. It's meteor, it's it's you become a meteor whore and you become a clickbait who it's so easy. And people, a lot of comedians now, they don't care about being funny anymore. They just wanna be controversial. If you look at most tags and most click Blake, it's so and so destroys claps back and everything. Right? Because you get excited about those clicks. You can go up there, you can try to be positive as you want, as funny as you want sometimes. But that's not gonna move the doubt. It's unfortunate when I first started, we go way back in way, way back in radio where you had to be successful. You had to be likable.


Now motherfuckers win by being hated. 'cause it's all about, at the end of the day, it's all about engagement. It's not about, oh I like him, I support him, my father. It's just like what's gonna click. So if you get a click on something negative or positive, it's still a click and people run with that and the comic, I have a situation with a, with a comic right now that it goes back and forth. You know what I'm saying? Anytime that you talking about, huh? You can say his name. You talking about Corey Holcomb? Yeah. And it's unfortunate. The reason I'm gonna tell you. Yeah, Why do you and Corey Holcomb have such a, this a long Lasting, This is The thing problem. This is the thing with that, and I've said this on platforms and what it is, is like he has an audience, right? That tone into him, he does a, he has a podcast where pretty much nobody on the show has an opinion there.


It's always gonna be siding with his thoughts. And we had an incident, it is documented, not an incident that he started, but an incident I did where I got triggered at a comedy club. I yelled out at him, you know what Emini here, like didn't like some of the things he was saying. So you started it or did he start it first? Well, you could say I started that part of it, but I think the conversation was started. And I do, it's crazy because people like, oh you on Dave Chappelle's Dick and all that type shit. He's one of my closest friends. You know what I'm saying? It's not, he's one of my motherfucking closest friends. Like, and Yellow Springs. We live two miles away from each other. It's my brother. You know what Emini here, right? We don't just, we, we weren't just coworkers. Like we've been, we was fucking at Charlie Mur, mur Murphy's funeral, you know what I'm saying?


We've been at weddings, we've been visiting people in the hospital together. Like y'all friends are real, there's, there's a, it's like sense loyalty there, right? And everybody wants to, everybody wants to fucking paint this picture. Darnell is riding Dave's dick. You know what I'm saying? If it wasn't for Dave and all that. And that gets on my motherfucking nerve because I know before that show, I had a resume after that show, I had a resume. It just so happened that I was a breakout performer on what people are calling one of the greatest shows in the history of television. Facts. Motherfuckers want me to repeat history. I can't do that. There's never gonna be another Chappelle show.


Even after the Chappelle show. You know, people's like, oh, y'all gonna do it. It would've been the most foolish thing for me and Charlie to say, we wanna do a sketch show. And someone said something about even after, when Chappelle decided that he wasn't being part of that show no more, me and Charlie Murphy hosted the lost episodes. We didn't host those episodes with the intent. We're gonna take this show over. They had an archive of sketches. They were trying to figure out what the fuck they was gonna do with these sketches. Dave hadn't communicated to nobody. I didn't know where the motherfucker was, hadn't spoke to 'em. And when I look back on certain things I did in my career, it might not have been the, when I look about it in retrospect it might not have been the best decision.


But in that moment I'm like, like this, this is a great show right now. Nobody's gonna be like this. We are the new Chappelle. And even when me and Charlie came out and Mr. Hoka said something about that, he said, oh you, these motherfuckers hosted the show. That's why I fuck with DC Young Fly the DC Young Fly. Yeah. Because DC Young Fly told them no. DC Young Fly told them no to continuing the show as the new host and DC Young Fly could fucking do that because Core of Wilding out was Chico Bean Carlos. So he don't have to do out, 'cause he got 85 South. He has that.


Even when me and Charlie did that, we came out first thing Charlie says, and it was a joke, oh, I don't feel comfortable doing this. I was like, speak for yourself. I need all the camera time I can get. That's the reality of it. I've had a conversation about Dave And I apologized to Dave, Dave about it. I was like, I didn't think about it like that. I said, but one thing Dave had you called me, right? Yo d I'm not fucking with this network. I'm not fucking with them Emini here. I would've never done it. So what do you do? You gotta make a decision on what you're gonna do that's going to continue to help your joint and try to be as respectful about it as possible. After when he left, we never wrote another sketch. We never, me and Charlie had a pilot.


It was called Charlie versus Don Hill. And it was a reality show that Comedy Central passed on. It had nothing to do with Sketch. It was me and him battling each other. Big Tigger was the co-host of that. Whatever. We thought we had an opportunity to do that. But what Comedy Central didn't understand is that me and Charlie Murphy, if you wanna say, became stars of that show, they was waiting for Dave to come back. So they didn't think that me and him could pull off. That didn't happen. We never revisited that. I never did a sketch show. I never tried to do anything past that. And I showed him the respect for that. But I'll tell you, I'll tell you what pisses me off. And anybody can understand. When you put so much work into something and, and, and for people to try to assassinate your character and say you're something other than what the fuck you are.


And for all these motherfuckers, this is what I feel. I don't wanna fight you on no fucking podcast. I don't wanna be more controversial. If you wanna do fight me on anything, let's go on the fucking stage. Let's go to the stage for all the motherfuckers that want to say he's whack, he's mild and so and so, And I put this out there. Let's go on a fucking stage and let the people decide that. And I guarantee you it ain't gonna get the fucking results you want. You could tell a motherfucker that motherfuckers whacked after 30 plus years performing not just on the Chitlin circuit, five, six continents and oh, you with Dave, guess what I, I am with Dave when I do shows.


I aint, Dave's Open. I don't open for nobody. Big dogs, Kevin Hart, Chris Rock, Dave, I ain't gonna never open for, you know, so if you wanna do it, stop talking your shit and let's go on the stage. And I guarantee you, you going fucking feel it. Is there a, and I'm not a one trick pony, I'm not just for the black audience. I'm from everywhere. And as much as mother say, oh he is on Dave Dick, this is the best film I have when I tour And I got video of it, I could show you. Nobody expects me to be on a show with Dave. He don't never promote my name. He don't need me to, he can sell out any vi venue in The World.


25, 30,000 people DJ Trauma will say you've seen him on HBO's Dewi. You've seen him on the corner, you've seen him on BMF. I might get some cop claps, but you fell in love with him. It's Ashley Lar Chappelle show in every fucking venue for five years. A whole arena goes ape shit that only gonna last me two minutes on stage. But guess what, as they go ape shit, when they know I'm there, when I get off stage, guess what? They fucking stand up again. 'cause I put the work in and people know me for that. I'm not gonna apologize because I've made some characters that did some shit that people remember and it's only bitter motherfuckers that talk that shit.


What have you done? And I continue, I can continue to do it. I've been on BMF, I did this, I continued to work. Right? Motherfucker say, oh you ain't made it. I'm just addressing shit I've heard on podcasts. Absolutely. You know? Oh, 'cause I told you, is this just Cory's podcast that's talking about Emini here for the most part. And then here's the thing, this is the fucking thing about it. This is gonna be fuel for him to go and say stupid shit again. But I just, I'm not a jerk. But, But I do, I do have to ask you say if you started it right, you said you started it, Right? No, I didn't say I started it. Oh, you Said you started from your remarks.


I'd say even that for every Reaction is reaction. So is if he were at you first, you can't be mad if, if he, you know, club The club that factory, right? No, it was, you know what, God damn, it's hard for me. I'm trying to be accountable for my actions, but I gotta say what triggered me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? When I just keep hearing this and it's close, A friend of mine, when I keep hearing this, it's just interesting me, the notion that you would go to a comedy club with 150 people on a workout night and be critical of someone that's doing the numbers. Someone that's fucking got all the accolades, the Grammys, the any Emmys you want to go, that's like you going to a practice facility and watch a nigga practice and saying, oh, that wasn't that good.


What happens at game time motherfucker for you to even put it on the universe that somebody is booty or boo boo or whatever in the practice facility. Go to an arena, go to a theater, go to, not just at certain point, guess what? You ain't gonna be the funniest motherfucker. I think now Dave has done it so long, so much. People don't really even look at him just to be hardy. Hard, hard, hard. They look at him for his perspective. They're looking for his point of view. His thoughts is bigger than that. Of course he's, he's turned into that Dick Gregory shit. You know what I'm saying? Where like, I don't wanna say activist, but it's more than just the Laughter.


You want hear perspective on things. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I did took offense to that. And I said even when that incident happened, I I, I said, you know what? I probably broke the unwritten rule. You're not supposed to yell out at a comedian when he on stage for that. I'm guilty. So he Was taking a shot at Dave and you were like, Dave's my brother, I'm gonna ride from my brother. Yeah. Well pretty Much, I'm I'm not mad at that 'cause you, But not even just my brother. It's what it is. But you know why, why can't, well I guess you and Corey, I Emini here, tried to work this out many a times, but I, you know, I feel like, And the thing about it Nv is that you're Successful. He's successful, right? Y y'all have two different audiences, two different core. Yeah. I don't understand why it, it continues on. I don't, again, that goes to like when you have a platform and you know what's going to, you know, even with the roast the roast bath thing.


Yeah. A person couldn't wait to take an opportunity to say this guy's booty. And he, he doesn't support young comics. And I said something, 'cause it, it was a quote from that thing was like, and it it, and I think I was misunderstood or I might've misspoke when somebody said something about the special show. I said, I made that show. What I meant to say was I helped make that show what it was and took that was like, motherfucker, you didn't, you haven't even made it. And I begged to differ for that. Do I got the fucking bank that Kevin Hartney motherfuckers do or the movies or anything. But for somebody that no college education not formally trained on anything other than the military to be able to position myself where I could do fucking seven figures using my God-given talent.


In some areas people think that you made it. I don't answer anybody. I work for myself. And that's it. Well, Don, you did make it, I don't know if you realize that you came from military to what you've done, what you've accomplished. Emini here, people don't know if you really do your history, me and Darnell did radio together. Yeah, we did a morning show together. Yeah. A long time on Hot 97 with Ms. Jones. It was me, Ms. Jones and Don Rollins. And we did a morning show together and you know, we've seen you go from there to where you are. So you have made it. And you know, we joke with you a lot up here and you know, we clown you, you clown us, but we are proud of you. And we, you know, think you're one of the funniest, I don't support many people. I don't come out to to do shows for many people, but I come out And I support you because I really do think you funny.


But, and then, but not, And I appreciate that. But it's not that, it's like, like I've have a history of that. And like even when Mike Eon was up here, but Mike had said Darnell too old to be getting booed. The translation for me was like, Darnell's too funny to get booed. We came from the same place a hundred percent. And it's, And I'm not saying that it has never happened, but after a while you get a certain amount of experience that you know how to handle different situations. And for anybody here, like he got booed, the first question people would ask was like, wait a minute. That doesn't sound right. What happened? And yes, they booed me, but it was like it wasn't a boo. Like I told a joke and it was whacked. Correct. It was like he, they was instructed by the host of the show, But it was a lack of respecting.


And that's what I meant by you was 2 0 4. 'cause I feel like, again, to your career and watching you on those stages, like of radio city music or whatever, I just felt like, I don't know, like, like NBC earlier, like they was playing with you a little bit and no one else where you are would do that. And I, for me, one of my questions for you would be why even be in that space where something like that would even be allowed to happen? I'll Tell you why. I will tell you the alcohol, The alcohol is what made you go there. No. In that Rose Battle, no. What made me go to that Rose Battle is I was there, I was hanging with Teddy Swims And I watched him on Adam Corolla. He has a show called Dr. Phil where he tours and he does, he does an impression of Dr. Phil and he act like his, it's the actual Dr Field show.


I went to support Teddy on that and one of his buddies was on the panel to be on the Rose Battle and we was hanging out. He was like, yo d you wanna go up to the Rose Battle? I went up there And I took everybody know in the visit that I don't go to the Rose stuff. 'cause I could be sensitive, I could be upset. And it was one thing led to another. It just was a, a awkward situation and then got outta hand. But at the same time I didn't feel good about it. But I, I, one thing what I said to those comics, if you look at it, it was true. And I even told 'em at the end of it. I said, I hope you are so mad at me that it makes you wanna step your game up just to say fuck him. I know I can do it. It wasn't no, if I've supported so many young comics, I've gave opportunities.


Anybody and even even to you and like certain people I come around if I feel that they like have funny energy. I don't think everybody can be funny, but I'll say, you know what, you should try it. I told her, I think you have the personality, do it. She's not gonna Do it. I'm not getting on stage. He been trying to, it is, it is not ever happening. Nah, it might not happen. But you know, I've, I I was been 100% supportive. Even I told her, I said, you coming to my show? She didn't show up. No. Didn't. Because she thought I might put on stage. But to that, And I know this interview when people come to see me or they watch, they like, oh God, he's gonna cut up, whatever. But it's something to be said about letting somebody air it out and their gripes and their grievances and to that I say fuck 'em. All right, well you are gonna be at the City Winery in New York March 28th.


March 29th. Damn. That's the other way to end an interview. Indianapolis, Indiana, April 4th and fifth. Tennessee. Buffalo and Florida. So next hour you wanna stay a little bit, Charlamagne is not Here we have Ryan Davis next hour. Would you like to sit there and and do some of these questions with us? Especially coming from a comedian? Yeah, I don't have a problem with that. Show 'em your socks. It's a good Got yellow socks On. Yeah, a pop. It's called a pop. It's called A pop. Yeah, It's, I can do that. I say do it one more time. Wait, you did that real fast. You hold on. Slow down. You know, you too old to be moving that fast too. Why you Like to use that word? It's my bad too old. I'm sorry. God damn interrupter. They called me the interrupter. Alright, that's an interrupter. Well it's down. But I will say more importantly, I was joking And I came up here what I want, I did wanna talk about my performance at at the City Winery.


But again, Memorial Day weekend This's something. This is going into the fifth year. It is something And I started like when we were doing the outdoor shows with Dave, he would focus on the comedy And I was focused on the camp atmosphere, having the fun, something that I created five years ago. It's dope. Go to donnell rollins.com and get more information about Donne Land. I'm going to try to make this the black Disneyland for people. Okay. And hopefully I could come out there with my kids one time. They would Love it. Alright, Well there you have it. It's Darnell Rollins, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up Early In The morning. The Breakfast Club


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Ashley Kin from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same. This podcast, you could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ever Wake up feeling lousy? Knowing something is off with your body? You don't have time for guesswork, you need biome. Forget all the generic health fads. Biome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, Viome delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? Viome has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to viome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $50 off a full body intelligence test. That's star. Star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer


In Mississippi. Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there Or more. A forgotten asylum. Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety, something keeps it all very deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yasu Clay. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.