
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I wanna Take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's, sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. The legendary Vibes cartel. Welcome brother. Hey, what's up man? Hello. How you feeling man? I feel like a million dollars right now, Man. Every time I walk through the airport, the last two weeks, everybody there, all the Caribbean people. You got to have vibes on The Breakfast Club Vibes gonna be in Brooklyn on April 11th. You gotta have 'em on The Breakfast Club. Yeah. All in The building all through the streets. They knew you were coming. So first and foremost, how does it feel to be back here and being able to perform? How does that feel? What is that feeling like? Emini here? It's a blessing, you know?


And it's a feeling of accomplishment. 'cause you know, Emini here, this is, these are the things that we have worked for over the years. So to be here now and see it actualize itself, yeah, it feels like an accomplished, you know what Emini here feeling? Yes. You Sold out two shows at the Barlay immediately too easy. Did you, did you ever, did you think it would be like that? With with of course. Like ticket prices are like 7,000 for for seats. Like Yeah, of course. Like I said, I put the work in Emini here so everything is happening to me. I deserve it man. God is the greatest. You know what, Emini here, we work hard over the years we built a huge catalog. So you know what Emini here, the music speaks for itself as it relates to dance hall and for me to represent the culture.


So that was no surprise, man. We all, we, we, my manager wanted to do a third night. Im like, you could, bro, I'm, you could immediately, I'm not, I'm 49. I'm not that. You know what Emini here, strong Man. That's young man. You can't, I know, but remember we coming from prison, I'm sick. You know what, Emini here. So yeah. So that's why it, that's makes it more of a blessing. You know what Emini here to know that, you know, Emini here, coming from prison 13 years still battling with my illness and the love that the people show me, man. If, if it's not God, I don't know who it is, You know, nobody wants to go to prison. But it feels like prison made you larger than life. Like just from a career per No, I Agree with you. From a career perspective, do you think it pre preserved your, your legacy and made it bigger?


Emini here, sorry. Yeah, I think so. I think it did. But like I said, everything happens for a purpose. You know what Emini here and if God has a plan for you, he has a plan for, you have to just work with it. So I look at it, the the the opposite way though, because I feel like people heard the music but couldn't see the face. Like I felt like you would've been an even bigger artist because they just couldn't touch you. Or if I was free, maybe I would've died. Who knows? In a car accident or something. True. So you gotta just focus on what is right. You know what Emini here. And that's how I live my life. Like it is what it is. I'm here. I did 13 years, but now I'm here and that's in my rear view. Why During your time in prison though, you released a lot of music.


How was that managing your career? Even behind bars, like being in there Emini here, like I said, I had to do it. That was, that was too easy, man. Like yeah, I always tried to find innovative ways to, to do what I do and that was just one of them. Like I had to do it. I had people depending on me. I had a family to feed. Yeah. I had my career to maintain. So that, that's too easy. And even that with being sick though, that that, were there times where you just like, man, fuck this. I No, no, Never. I couldn't do that. Yeah. Like I said, I have people depending on me. It's like I couldn't slack off. You know what, Emini here envy. You know? You got kids, you got kids, right. You can't slack off, man. So for me it was, yeah. And my children are a big part of my motivation to my mother as well.


And you know, Emini here, just family in general. So I couldn't, I didn't have time for self pity or to be like, oh yeah, no. Yeah. But you were really sick though. I was, I guess I'm saying like, how did you fight? Like just having the strength to fight through that and still make music and all of that and keep your mental where it needed to be to really commit to that music so you can still be the vibes cartel and deliver what people wanted to hear. And I understand that's a good question too, because in Jamaican prison, it's not like American prison. Jamaican prison is real dungeon style. Wow. You know what, Emini here, no toilets in the cells and crazy work. You know what, Emini here? No toilet in the cells.


No. You know how I got toilet in my cell? When Lisa Evers did that piece, they did The special Yes. Was Lisa Evers. That's when they put the toilet, installed the toilet in. Wow. It was crazy shit. Did you, had you pun intended. So What, so what they had you using before using Newspaper? Wow. Wow. Yes. Oh Man. Yeah. So you can read while you, Wow. Right. I got, you know, you put out so much music, people assumed that you had a studio in prison 'cause it just, the music didn't sound old. It always sound new. New. It always sound fresh. Yeah. Emini here, somebody passed away and you be talking about 'em Inm song. I'm just joking. Exactly.


But you had, so did you have a studio That's No, I had a phone. The, the iPhone five s. That's the, that's it. That's recorded. Like the Fever album? No, the Viking album. Yes. Really? I, I kid you not. Yeah, man. Five s and a mattress and some prisoners looking out. That was It. That was it. Man and determination and God himself. Wow. So that's it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's crazy work. Was there ever any time in that 13 years, especially when you started getting sick that you was like, man, I don't know if I'm gonna make it outta here. Yeah, Emini here. There were times I thought that I wouldn't make it, but like, I still had to put in the work. I still had to do what I had to do. You know what, Emini here, like it is what it is, man.


Like if I die, at least I die trying. You know what Emini here because that's, that's just my mindset. You know what Emini here. But yeah, there were times I was like, I even talked to my mother, I was like, mom. And she was like, no, fight it man. Pray. You know. So yeah, I'm big up to my mother. She's a blessing in my life as well. Yeah. And how did you, how did you finally get out? 'cause they were fighting to keep you in for a long time. They weren't. They were fighting appeals. Yes. Anything that you tried? They were fighting. What was the, the one thing that says, what was that turn? Emini here you are right. They wanted to keep me there forever. But Emini here, I sent when the case went to England, you know what Emini here. 'cause the thing is Jamaica And I don't wanna 'cause a lot of people in the system in Jamaica, they support me as well.


But the system really just, of course I think they wanted to make an example. Oh man, you know what Emini here out of me because the case is clear cut. Like I've always told my manager, my family, bro, I'm coming out. Once my case reaches England, I'm out. And so said, so done. Because it's open shut case. You messed up here. You messed up here. This is wrong. This is wrong freedom, man. Easy as that. Have they ever apologized or, or said my bad. Sorry. Anything? Oh, I don't need apology, sir. Emini here. Freedom. Freedom. The best apology. Exactly right. Yeah, exactly. So I'm good man. I'm not looking back, I'm not even suing. Hmm. Yeah, no, I'm not that I'm not even pursuing.


So no suing like, fuck, that chapter Is not, why do you think they wanted to make an example outta you? 'cause of my influence. Mm. You know what Emini here, people compare cartel to Bob Marley and then people say, but Bob Marley and Cartel do two different types of songs. Yes. But the influence is the same. Mm. That's why he got shot. That's why he had to leave Jamaica at one point. So that is, you know, you know this Caribbean country's a third world country. It's a political charge atmosphere. So influential people that they can't control is dangerous. So know what Emini here. But yeah, we here still man. But you know, the worst thing you can give a person like that is, is time. Right? 'cause now you sitting there and you being still, and you really hearing God and hearing what your purpose is.


Exactly. Man, I prayed so much, man. Like nobody can tell me nothing. Charlamagne don't come at me with no atheism and no rubbish like that. God is real. And I'm living testimony of that man. Trust me. So I feel blessed every day. How is your, oh, go. Sorry. How is your health now? Work in progress? Yeah, so definitely a work in progress, but it was worse when I came out. My head was this big, like the Pillsbury Doughboy, A big fucking duck. It was crazy, man. So, okay, but you're working. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can you describe the moment you were released? Like what the, what, what that emotion was? I'm still processing sin, I swear to you. Wow. I swear to you man. Because there were times like, I never lost fate, but when I, when they actually opened the gate, I was the last one outta my cell.


I was just like, is this really is, am I dreaming right now? Like, what the hell is this? I had all my clothes on the full white that you see me walk out in. Yeah. Didn't put on my shoes on yet. And I just said a little prior And I just walked out, man. When I was walking in the yard and all the prisoners were shaking the, the, the doors and it was, it was like a earthquake man. And I'm not gonna lie, I shed a tear or two Tear of joy. Yeah. Tears of joy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I just walked through the gate. But throughout my incarceration, I never cried. I never felt sorry for myself. You know, I just know that this is something that I have to get through.


And by the grace of God, man, God did big up call. What did, what did God tell you to do? No, it's not tell you to do like, but when you pray, you listen to that voice in your head, in your heart. Humble yourself. Chill. You know what Emini here Eat. I, I actually stopped smoking too. Wow. Years. I was like, like I just listened to that divine voice in my head, in my heart. And it just led me to right to the right place. You know what Emini here, I made a pact, a covenant with God in prison. Lord, if you get me out of this, trust me, I will never stop calling your name. I'll never stop being positive. I'll never stop spreading that message of love and happiness and joy.


And I'm doing that right now. Yes sir. And I won't stop Emini here no till my, my last bread, man. Trust me. And What was the first thing you did when you got out? 'cause I remember when you got out, people were waiting for You to announce a show. Like everybody wanted a show wanted music, but you, it took you some time for that. So what, what were you doing? The man just told you he was getting some cheeks. You think he played for months? Grandpa? Poor girl. Exactly. Well I was in prison for years, sir. Yes. Stop it. Come on. But yeah man, I was just chilling with family mostly. Like I said, my mother, my father, my kids, my grandchildren. When I came outta prison, I had three grandkids. Wow.


But when I was going in, I had babies. Wow. So, you know, Emini here, 13 years is a long time, man, trust me. So for me right now, it's just God, family music. That's it. Who was your biggest allies when you were locked up? Celebrity wise? I know. Oh, Buster Busta. Buster Lee. He always said your name easily, always rang your name Easily. Spice easily. Popcorn. You know what, Emini here, A lot of people though, she easily boom. I don't even have to think my, my brother slash manager, tj, you know what, Emini here? Yeah. Ana, she came to visit me several times because a lot of people were scared. So it wasn't that they didn't wanna come, but just the stigma associated with Yeah. Yeah. So like spice, like sha popcorn, Busta rhyme.


I gotta give it. Shout out to them man. Give them props. And Relationships are tough, you know, in general. But what do you think made your relationship with your fiance worthwhile? Serving a life sentence. Because she believed Emini here. She believed I met her in 2015, July 25th. Never forget, you know what Emini here, we've been on and off. You know how I go? Yeah. She is in the free world. I'm in prison. She living her life still, whatever, blah, blah, blah. But she was always there. So in 2022 I decided like, yo, like I said, I started being more spiritual, putting my faith in God. And I told her, I'm like, yo, I'm coming out. Come to Jamaica. And she came, she left. Everything came to Jamaica.


Where was she at? She was, she's from London. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You met on Instagram. I heard that. Yes sir. Wow. Wow. Yeah, it was crazy. How could You trust that though, that that could have been catfish? I know, but like I said, it was years in 2015. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what? Emini here, And I was talking this every now and then, we spoke and we started speaking on a regular basis and yeah. So it took, it took a while for me to trust her. She actually came to Jamaica the first time in 2019. That's four years after we were talking just on the phone talking. You know what, Emini here. Having Eex. Okay. All right. Yeah. We got it. Glad shake my, When she came in 2019, you actually got to put the face to the end and she looked exactly like the Pictures.


Yeah. Yeah. She looked exactly like the, that was before ai, so she couldn't shoot. Yeah. Got you. But she came to visit me and you know what? Emini here, it was a vibe. So in 2022 I was like, yo coming out, come to Jamaica, come live. She was like, are you sure she's British? Yeah. And I'm like, yes, come. And she came and she did two years before I came out. So she came to visit me every time there was a visit. Wow. Yeah. If I was in a bad mood sometime and I'd be like, dope, yo, I don't wanna see nobody. She'd cry or she'd come to the prison still. Wow. And the guards would be like, Hey, your fiance is outside. And I'm like, okay. I'll go. You know what, Emini here. So yeah, she's been there, man, trust me.


How Did you know she was the one though? 'cause you The World boss. You done been all around, you know? How did you know that's That's, I knew she was the one, you know, Emini here, she's different. She, she don't into that hype stuff. You know what Emini here, she chill. Nothing is wrong with the girls that are in the hype either. You know what? Emini here, it's cool. But she's very humble. You know what, Emini here, some even now when I come out, I have to beg her to go shopping. Yo, buy some clothes, man, some wear some Louisie, do something. You know what? Emini here. And she, when she goes shopping, she buys stuff for me. Mm. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Man. You are king, man. Big Up. Sit down. Be Is is it easy, is it easy for you to re re resist the temptation though, by being that you back on the road and you out in the streets? I know the women coming after you.


Crazy. Yeah. And I start, I'm gonna lie, I flirt with the ladies. I'm five cartel. Come on man. Yeah. Nobody can get get out Sitm. Only she can get out herself by messing up. But no girl on the planet can get her out of my life. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. So she good man. Now the late nineties and early two thousands dance hall was, was crazy. Yes. Seems like it slowed down a lot. Why do you think that is? Because I was in prison, sir. Yeah. But now I'm out and we are doing stuff. But you know what? I don't, I wouldn't say it slowed down. I would say that the, the concept changed, the lyrics changed to an extent.


The beat changed and it just kind of went that way. Mm. And then, you know, Afrobeat came out the emergence of like, reggaeton became reon. You know what, Emini here. So I think there are a lot of factors that contributed to dance soul going through that lull. Yeah. But yeah, we back again, man, we doing stuff. And I think this, this new generation of artists, I I like them, man. What, What, what artists do you like? What, what? Well, Jamal Dunman, like Pablo ig Emini here. Chronic law. Skill bank. Skill bank. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. And you know, pop is like, he's the king of that little generation. So Yeah. To me, they're doing stuff. Once they learn to fine tune their music, make it more commercial, more palatable to guys like you and you know, the America North American market block.


They're good. They, they're good. You know why? Because I, I agree with that. 'cause spice is dance all to me. That's who I listen to. Yes, yes, yes. Spice is the one man love Her. Yeah man. She is. And you notice how she puts her stuff together. Like, Americans like it, Europeans like it, it survive. Yeah. And once they crack that code, they good man. What, what makes a person king of the dance hall, because that's what they say they call vibes cartel King of the dance hall. What, what qualifies a person for that title? You're dominance. You, you, your influence. It's not necessarily selling records. 'cause I haven't sold records like Sean Paul. But when if I walk through the streets of Jamaica and Sean Paul is on the other side of the road, he will go unnoticed Know what?


Emini here. No disrespect. That's the influence that, that larger than life vibe that we bring. If I say, oh Clarks, everybody wear Clarks put on a tattoo, everybody gets tattoo. You know what Emini here? That type vibe, the dominance. And I've been doing that since before I got arrested. I've been, people been calling me the king of dance. But you know what, Emini here, like I say, Kings come, Kings go. Presidents come, presidents go. Nothing is forever except salvation. So yeah. So I'm not really fighting for the, the crown. 'cause the people gave it to me. Can't it be more than one king though? 'cause you know, of course people love to say Beanie Man too. Yeah, Of course it can be more than one king. Not in our genre. It's one. Mm. But It be More than one, but not a dance.


Oh no. But that's what I'm saying. Remember who was the king? Who was the, the, the king in 1945, king George or something. That nigga dead and more kings come along. It's just life. That's what I'm saying. Like Yeah. You can't hold onto it forever. You can't gate, keep the crown. It's not yours. The gate. It was never yours. The gatekeeper. You do your time, you move on. And New King is in town, sir. Thank you. Now, when you were locked up, verses was big, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And I Beanie Bounty verses is my favorite. Beanie Bounty. That's my favorite. I was in prison watching that. Yeah. Like B, b, B. Now, when you were watching that, did you think I would love to do a verses? 'cause dance hall is very competitive.


Yeah. And, and, and if you could Yes. Who would you wanna do one with? Movado, obviously. Come on. Ooh. Movado obviously, man. Yeah. Big up Movado too, man. But yeah, that would be a crazy verse. Obviously I would win. But he would Bob that talk. Yes, he Does. Is there anybody catalog you, you, you afraid of a little bit In terms? Hmm. My father got a big catalog, but yeah, no. Not be your bounty killer. Those guys, those are, those are in a different class. Remember? Okay, you know what Emini here or Bounty killie. They locked the nineties to the early two thousands. Then Cartel came out. Elephant Man is a nice catalog. He's not like a warrior artist.


You, you know what Emini here? What's a warrior artist? What's that mean? Like a cartel, a movado, a bounty killer. You know what, Emini here, a massacre ready to go at it right now. Yeah. So, but no, no, no. I think I have the biggest current catalog in bandsaw because it's relatively young. It's 23 years. Yeah. You know, Emini here. Lots of hits. Especially in the dance saw landscape. You know what, Emini here. So Is that missing in music though? Like the fact that you would, you know, me coming up in Queens and DJing parties, I would come up and then if some, let's say you are in the club or baby shams in the club, but if they would just grab and go at each other, yes. Wouldn't be a physical No, No. But it, it would be music. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If that's what's missing in dance hall especially to Make music.


I think so too. I think so too. And one of the reasons why I think so too is because of the internet. So a lot of these young kids, they got their fame from their bedroom. They, they, they made the rhythm in their,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate.


Or show your support by posting the Blue Square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok,


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment including movies, shows and music. All featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neva The bedroom, recorded it in their bedroom, made their YouTube channel put it out. Yep. They can monitor this, their shit on iTunes, whatever. So they're not, we on the other hand, we had to go in the streets. Yeah. We had to go to the studio. You know what Emini here. So it was a more physical thing for us. You know what, Emini here in the same way, remember back in the day when records came out, course you had to go to the record store. Yeah, yeah. Now you can just take up your phone and be like, yo, stream And stream. Yes. So that's why I think they don't have that, they don't have the knack for physical confrontation like we did. And by physical, I don't mean like punching, even though sometimes that that does happen, it could happen. Yep. But like to just run upon a guy on stage, nah. Yeah, they're not gonna do that.


I wouldn't think nobody would do that with Jamaicans anyway. But Other Jamaicans like that's, yeah because I would like you you talking shit. When is his next show? There's a show in at The Breakfast Club. We go in. Mm Yeah, we run up. So yeah that. Have you done that to somebody grab somebody's mic? No, well Mardo during me and Mardo. Yeah. Yeah. He used to run upon me a couple times. I run upon him last time I was in Saint Elizabeth. That was crazy. Which was, then I got the concept to do the Do run song because I had a a do run song before Sting and then after Sting then I was like, you know, 'cause he ran off stage two and he's related to you saying Bolt. You know that right?


I'm joking thanks. But yeah. But at the time that, yeah, it was now in hindsight I'm Emini here. I'm glad we had that field man. It made us big and you know, Emini here, it spread dance all to places like Africa. Which at the time we were like, these these guys listen to us. 'cause you know, they don't showcase that in the media then before the internet where you could just jump on your phone and see Africa for yourself. Yeah. So I think clashing is good, man. I don Know. How do y'all get to good terms after clashing conversation or The first time we had that conversation was when the first time we had that conversation was the second time the government sent for us in Jamaica.


'cause the vibe Scar term of other thing was so big school kids fighting, people getting hurt. So we were just here at King's House, which is where the, the, the politicians are. We was like, yo music brought us here, bro. Like this is crazy. And that's when we started talking. And after that, the, the, we still feuded, but it was just more like on a controlled level. Yeah. Like he would be like, yo, I dropped a song. Why, why don't you answer it? And I like, oh, And I didn't hear it. And then I would replied to it and then I would drop a song and he would reply. So we kept it like that. And he culminated in us doing the West Kingston show when he called me on stage in West Kingston with D Dodos. Oh, that's smart. So y'all kind of like planned it out.


It was strategic. Not in the beginning. That's what I'm saying. But after we went to the, to King's house where the government was, we was like outside waiting to go in and we was just talking like, yo, do we get our kids? Man look, you know what Emini here look where our music is doing is bring it brought us here. And then we just started like, yo fuck this. Let's, let's plan this. Yeah. Let's be strategic. When Did you realize the influence that you had? Was it moments like that when you got kids in school fighting, you know, for your music? Like when did you realize I have influence over a whole generation Emini here. I've always realized that, but I never took it as seriously as I should have.


'cause then I would've made maybe better choices. I don know. But with that being said, I still have no regrets. Yeah. 'cause my choices led me here. Emini here. I've been down some dark roads, but I'm still alive man. And I'm doing extremely well and God has blessed me. But yeah, I've always realized that I had the influence. I Got a question. Right. So my wife is Jamaican, right? So I ask her, we have artists. Yeah. Some things. So we look at it differently. So she was like looking back. Yes. Is there, is there a moment in your career you wish you handled differently at all? Or like you just said, do you have no regrets? Is there anything that you said I should have done differently? Emini here. Not really Emini here. Hmm. Let me see.


What should I have done differently when I, I think maybe when I, I don't know when I hit Ninja man with the mic on stage, I don dunno. But, 'cause that's what I'm saying, everything that I've done, it's still, even if it brought me down when I came up, I came up higher. Right. So yeah. I don't like that word regret, man. I don't know. Me neither. Yeah. It's, I don't know. No, Because if you believe in God, you really gotta believe everything happened for a reason era. Even if it was just your own poor choices. Exactly. It still got you closer to God. 'cause God got you through. Yeah Man. I agree. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Nah, nothing I would do different. Maybe with the N Man thing, maybe I wouldn't have punched him. Maybe I would've just kicked him.


I don't know. Jesus crush by still some injury. I Don dunno. And now what's something the public, That's funny though because he like, he had to get it somehow. Not Just kick him. Don't change history is what I'm saying. You're gonna mess it up for all of us. Don't go back in time and fuck shit Up. Right. Yo. Now what, you know what Emini here, what's something the public completely misunderstands about? Vibes? I'm a fun guy. Emini here. I like to vibe. I like to have fun. Like, if you don't know me, especially then like, and if you approach me wrong, obviously I'm gonna react. But if I'm comfortable around people, we, we cool man. We vibe it. Yeah. So a lot of people really, they think I'm just this evil person when I'm not Emini here.


So Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Now your lyricism is, is laid with double meanings and coded language at times. Yes. How intentional is that? Do you write for interpretation or expression? Both. Emini. Here music is art man. So at the end of the day, we're poets, man. All you see, we on stage clashing each other, singing those violent lyrics. It's still poetry. So it has to be done artistically. It has to be done a specific way to get a desired result. Otherwise you're just chatting shit. Emini here. You're just talking. Yeah. So we do both. What fuels the creativity? Now, now, because I know you, you said when you was locked up, you know, it was just your desire to work and feed your family. That fueled it. Yes. What fuels it now? Is it pain?


Is it purpose? Emini here. Purpose. Thank you for that. I never thought of it like that purpose, I would say because I'm God is purpose. God is the ultimate purpose. You know what? Emini here. So I think purpose pushes me like I still record, even though I don't have to, I still record five, six songs when I'm in the studio back and back. And I, and still we in the studio party, girls are there. We drinking, we smoke And I still knock out five songs, seven songs. So yeah. Yeah. I, I, I love this. You know, I do this from the Heart man And I do it for the culture too. Definitely One of your biggest records, romping Shop. Yes. Did you ever get that cleared? No. Or was it you just, so you never got paid off of that.


You just threw it out and it just did what it did? I Got paid. Come on. That song is under my, that song put me on another level globally again. Because like I said, it's levels to it. The same day Clarks did it. Summertime, did it Fever, did it. You have some songs with that. You get those songs, it's like up another echelon. Right. You're just going up. So Yeah, of course man, that, that song was crazy. We actually wanted to try to see if we could get it cleared now and do like a maybe a 12 year anniversary, 15 year, whatever. But yeah, that song was crazy. But it, I didn't get it cleared. But in Neo's defense, He didn't sue you. He couldn't clear it. Like he's remember the rhythm, you know the thing of publishing and Yeah, yeah, yeah.


You made the beat. But he's the rapper. But you know what, Emini here. So people think, oh, why didn't the envy clear the song? But it you own the brights to the Yeah. So yeah. Now also when you, when you perform back in the late nineties and early two thousands, there was terms and words that you could say that you could say anymore. Or they would try to cancel it and show, I Don know the nineties, kind of back a little bit. Man, you remember The beginning of Rapper Shop Emini Here? Yeah. They take it right out. Ramping sharp shit that was explicit Emini here. Shit, I don't know man. Play For the kids Dan song is explicitness. It's though very intolerant. Absolutely. Which I think is changing now still because The World is changing. So you gotta be mindful of what, what you say, you know what, Emini here.


So certain songs you don't do because of that? Or are you just Oh yeah, I won't do, Are there certain songs you don't Do? I won't do. Yeah. Hell yeah. Emini here, come on. Well that's like saying, oh hmm, slavery was good, let's bring it back. No, we're not. So we're not gonna sing certain songs. You're not gonna, you know what, Emini here, come on. But It's this, it's Distasteful. Yes. Distasteful, sir. Thank you. And also, I'm sure over time you probably seen G to G it looked beautiful together. What G to G song. He know song. He acts like you didn't know Right. Acted like Yout know the got the guy look beautiful Together. Yeah, man. Emini here. I don't judge And I don't look, I'm I'm Gay, sir.


I'm engaged. I'm gay, sir. Yes. Is what I'm saying. So yeah, I, I focus Another Question wife had is, is are you gonna marry your fiance? It is been a while now. That's usually how it works When You usually marry a fiance. Okay. This is the thing. I came out July 31st. Yes. Did the biggest concert in Jamaica history. December 31st. Got my US visa January 31st. Yeah. So I wanted to get married February 31st. It turns out February Doesn't have a 31st. No, you did that on purpose. You knew exactly what you We're gonna get married.


No, because I've been so busy all over the place. We have to plan it. Okay. No, her family is big. Mine is big. But make no mistake, she's right here. I left her at the whole, I don't leave her nowhere. There you go. She's like my good luck child. That's how you outta trouble. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly right. That's right. She balances me. She calms me, man. So yeah, she good. How was that, How was that big show that you did In Jamaica? Yeah. Over 35,000 people. Crazy. That show was a sea of people, just as far as I can see. Was it overwhelming for you? No, man. Too easy for me, man. Like I said, I, I put in the work And I know I deserve it. So for me, like no nervous, no nothing, we just, you saw what came outta the pit. Yeah. Yeah. Because we did that to to to, it's like s scar was in the dungeon.


So I'm coming up now outta the pit of hell. That's what's the concept for me coming up from under the stage. Man, I work for that. I deserve it. Yeah. Thank you God. Thank you Jesus. Let me ask you a question about Jamaican culture. It seems like bleaching your skin is, is becoming more popular now. Like what is the fascination with that in Jamaica Emini Here? I think it has to do with, you know, the usual issues. Self-hate of the, the, the, the, the history of colonialism, colorism, all that. You know what Emini here and like we were, I was speaking to, I don't remember who I was speaking to because even like places like Asia. Yeah. Skin bleaching is a big thing too.


And it has to do with that Stockholm syndrome. 'cause if you think about it, who in Asia bleaches the most? It's the, the, the, the south, the north, sorry, the South Koreans and the Japanese, the Americanized Kind of European, the Euro. They want that Eurocentric look, is what I'm saying. And black people have, have always had that problem. Know Emini here, I would never bleach again. Personally, you know what, Emini here, because I'm mature enough to know that, yo, fuck that. Yeah. But I definitely think it has to do with self hate or self lack of self-confidence as, as a race. Because when I was bleaching, like, I literally looked in the mirror And I, I thought I looked better being light skinned.


You know what, Emini here? Yeah. So it took a time for me to like, nah man, fuck that. Yeah. So, so it was a cosmetic thing when you did it? Yes. Okay. Okay. Definitely. But I would never do that again, man. And I'm glad, I'm very, very glad to hear that. But even though love hip hop, spice Spice, she, it was a mess. It was a bigger message that she was trying to convey. And it was exactly what you were saying. She's like, man, this, this is different in America than it is back where I'm from. Yo, that's true. That like, you don't get certain things if you're not a fairer skin. True. You know, true that and true that people here because love and hip hop is American people was looking at spice like what the hell? Like why would you, you know? Yeah. Black skin is beautiful, always.


You know what, Emini here. So, but now I totally do get what you're saying. It is totally different. Yeah. Culturally, it's a culture thing. Trust me man. Because we only have blacks in Jamaica. So. Yeah. So for us it's not racism, it's colorism. Like the lighter are skinned. You are. It's like you climb socially. It's crazy work. Was it a woman? Was it a woman that encouraged you to do it? Like Oh no, it's just, just a bunch of us that, you know what Emini here, there's 90% of Jamaica at one point was bleaching. Yeah. You know what, Emini here. So Did you have any effects after that? Like long term? 'cause you were doing it for a while. Like did it? Yeah. Oh, she, long term effects. Just some fucking pictures that I don't want to look at anymore.


Gotcha. They used to say I was bleaching and they would always send me pictures of you. Yeah. And have me side by side with you. Oh shit. You was With No you wasn't. That's crazy. No, He was just ugly. And then he was cute after wild He, no damn. No, no. He had a whole new face. It ain't like, This is a tough room. This Is a tough room. Had cosmetic surgery Guy. Cosmetic surgery? No. Got a nose, Got a nose shot. Michael. No, I did not know. Tell him the truth. I didn't to, what happened then? I Used to have polyps in my nose. I was snore a lot and couldn't speak. So they removed the polyps. I didn't touch my nose. My nose is the same. Okay. Okay. He country you Michael. Now, do you still get nervous when you perform?


What's nervous? Where is it sold? How does it taste? Is it contagious? Mm. We don't, we don't do nervous. Mm. I know that's right. We Don't do that. No. Like I said, we, and plus, like I said, I, I was raised in a family of people that love music. My uncles used to try to be DJs, not DJs. Like, like me DJ Jamaican rapper. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I grew up always wanting to get the microphone. You know what, Emini here, I grew up wanting to go on stage. Yeah. So no, when as it relates to music, no nervousness. I'd be more nervous like going in the bank or something or walking through the airport or, you know what, Emini here. Mm. Me. No, no, no, no, no. That's too easy.


Music. Not at all. How Was Jamaica for you? Is Jamaica a a safe space for vibe's cartel? Yeah, of course not. You play too much. Do you stay there primarily, or? I Live here, sir. Oh, okay, Okay, okay. I live in Florida. Got you. Gotcha. You got, you got you. Emini here. I did 13 years in prison. Why would I on, but I wreck my country right through, I wreck my culture all the way every day. One yard man bombard. Can I say that? Yeah. Is it the government or the people that makes you be like, okay, let me stay, let me, let me keep my distance from Nah, I just wanna, like, I spend 13 years. Like seriously, that's not a joke. Like, I need to go out now.


Like Gotcha, gotcha. And I, I'm working man. Yeah. Yeah. And Florida is good because it's a hub. You can come to New York, you can just go across the Atlantic. You're in England, you go west, you're in la you know what? Emini here. So it's just a a, a nice place to be geographically where I can just move. Do you like to go back to those areas that you grew up on? Like drive through Brooklyn? Never drive through. Oh, In America. I thought you Meant in Jamaica then why would I work so hard to leave? No, go back. No, no. I'm not going back. No sir. Well, like in Brooklyn, Emini here, like areas in, in, in Brooklyn And Brownside out in exactly White Plains Road.


Back in the day. Yes. 2 27. Two 25th. Yes. Do you go back there, There Shout. No sir. No, I don't go there either. Don't go there either. You know what Emini here. But seriously, why? I'm just staying out of trouble. I love it. I don't want to be involved in nothing. Negative. Never. Yeah. So we stay away from that. I love it. Yeah. Yeah. Has, has, has, has the, the, you, Mr. Palmer, become a ever become a prisoner of vibes cartel? Like how do you remind yourself? All the time. All Okay. All the time, man. All the time. And it's crazy. Like it's, it's, it's conflicting but it's whatever man. It, it vibes cartel is why I am, I have the things that I have And I can take care of my family.


So I work with it. Sacrifice, you know what Emini here because sometimes some days I wish I could just walk man, just walk with my grandchildren on the road and just go buy some ice cream and chili. Mm. Can't do that. Yeah. It's crazy. So what keeps you grounded? What keeps you reminding yourself of who you, who you are and not the character of the vibes cartel? I used to buy into the character of Ice Cartel. Know what Emini here, because we grew up rough. We grew up in port more. So we, we grew up tough 2.0. But now I just, what keeps me grounded? Family Emini here. Like I said, my kids, my grandkids. Yeah. The new lease that God has given me on life.


Hmm. That's what keep me grounded. And I ain't messing that up for nobody. Well the album is streaming right now. New album. You wanna hear something off the new album? No, I did the album, sir. The people wanna hear something album play something. Can I make a request Though? Man? You need to do a comedy movie. We need a good Jamaican comedy. We always get a Jamaican gang. Bang, shoot him up. We need a Jamaica Jamaica comedy. Yes. Or A horror film. I always thought about that. There's no Jamaican horror film even though as, as African descenters, we have a lot of, we call them dumpy stories. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


Ghost stories. The ghost stories. Yeah. Yeah. We don't, I think we need to capitalize on that more. But yeah, You believe in Duby. I was gonna say something very disrespectful about it. Let's hear it. No, I don't, I don't believe in w You don't believe in ghost? Come on. No, I he was definitely gonna say another artist, Mr. W, but I know him. Yeah, I know He would. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah, of course. Emini here. Of course. That's the spirit is the spirit. Remember you have good spirits. You have bad spirits. Right. You know what, Emini here. Good spirits right now. That's right. What about mermaids? Did y'all ever see mermaids? Mermaids? Because I always hear the stories. What? No, for real. 'cause of Course in Jamaica. Yeah. That's the con that's the things I'm talking about.


In Jamaica, we call them river maids 'cause we have a lot of rivers in Jamaica. Gotcha. Yeah. So stories that they, they, the, the river MAs with put the golden table up and people would see it and dive in and then they would pull you down in the water. Yeah. We grew up on all those stories. Rolling calves. That's the, the spirits of butchers. No. Yeah. At night with the cow chain. And it's crazy man. Like, Like the Jamaican Texas chainsaw match. Yeah. Stuff like that. Damn. Exactly. Without the Texas, without The Texas And without the chainsaw, it's no budget. Have You seen Al It's an axar. Have you seen a river made before? Huh? Have you seen a river made before? No, but I've seen lots of duffies ghosts.


Yeah. Like real. Yeah. No joke. You know what, Emini here. So yeah. I, wow. It's not about belief. We, you know, you know, you know, you know what Emini here, you couldn't have God, if the you believe in God, you have to accept that the devil is exists. That's right. That's Right. That's right. Know what Emini here. That's right. So yeah. So you got, you got plans to write any films, anything like that? Yes, definitely. I'd love to do a, a a, a film about my life Emini here. Not just, not my entire life. It's maybe like the prison part. Yeah. After I die, someone else can do the, the full life shit. I have no time for that. I'm living, I'm living the life movies right now. Yeah. Yeah. My kids can do do that when I'm gone.


You know what, Emini here. So Yeah. But definitely movies, man. I love entertainment And I love movies. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. And you got a sense of humor. You're very fun. Ain't definitely a vibe. You very much. There you go. So I'm try, I'm gonna try this again. Vibes. Yes sir. What song do you want to hear For the people? I wanna hit Porn Flick. My bad. I Wanna See, I wanna see what just Said. Said that. Yes. The vibe. Yes. Like that. Well let's Get into porn flick. Porn flick. Right now its weakened. You should have your tickets already. If not, it's sold out. Yeah, sold out. You're gonna have to go to StubHub and pay Sorry. Grands of Grands of Grands for it. Yeah. Yeah. But definitely check 'em out. And we appreciate you for joining us, man. Yes. Anytime Brother. Pull up. Yeah, I'm on Big Up Charlem man.


Big up. DJ Envy. Big up Jess. Yes. Yes. Where's Angela? She got her own show. She come, she come on after us Crown. Yeah. Okay. I don she Probably, she should be here. Yeah, she, Yeah, she okay. Okay. Big up Angela. That right God is the That's right. And we out. It's The Breakfast Club. It's vibes cartel. Wake that ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neville.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.