
In this election, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win win. I'm Gonna keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves, Paid for by Harris for president.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black, Tech, Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could Ivy the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


We've all tried protein drinks on the go, but why don't they taste more like the ones we make at home or from the juice bar. They're too chalky and too sweet from sugar or artificial sweeteners. We love the health benefits, but hate the taste. Now you can finally get both with Don't Quit protein drinks loaded with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins and minerals, and a cleaner approach to ingredients that use no artificial flavors or sweeteners, but still delivers that smooth texture and delicious taste we all crave fuel your perseverance with Don't quit clean protein drinks. Get yours now@walmart.com.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave of course. A Lauren holding it down. And we got a special guest in the building. We got the brother Rema. How's it going brother? I'm good. How you feeling? Thank you. I'm good. I I Lemme tell you something brother. Yes, I am a fan bro. I appreciate it. I rock with your music. Heavy, heavy, calm down. First Afrobeat song in history to earn over a billion on-Demand Screams in America. How that feel. Great. Oh glory. Oh, glory to good. Yeah. Does it, does it like annoy you at all with calm down? Because like here in the US people talk about Selena Gomez on the song so much and like kind of throw some of the, the success of it her way versus you, but she gives you all of the credit.


Does that annoy you at all? Sometimes I don't really see that. I don't really see the success being just thrown on her. 'cause like the collaboration we, we both put our face into it. Yeah. We both put the same like effort. You know, it felt like a real collaboration. You did her a favor. Yes. You did her a favor. They they did each other. They did each other a favor like Yeah, she did me a huge favor as well because she crossed it over. She didn't have to do that. Right. I reached out to her You know. You know she's been a huge supporter of my music. Like even before the public knew You know. Wow. There's been a lot of great people who hit me up and like, yo, like what you doing?


She was one of them and she's pulled off those shows on the low key. Just watching the young glad just like grow and become this person. Tell Us about your inspiration. What got you into music? What made you start doing music and when was your that, that aha moment that you was like, oh this is really connected. You know, I started from the church, You know the church really made me believe like I was doing something good. You know I used to draw but like, it wasn't like giving me so much vision. As I say, I was getting more applaud for music. And then, yeah, the church embraced it. And I just kept doing it.


And then You know life go hard and drifted a little bit times where I paused times where I needed to make it out for the family. You know. But yeah, You knew music was always the thing that you wanted to do and nothing else. I mean I always saw myself as someone who, if I put my heart into anything, it'll work. You know. I just believe in God's grace in my life. Yeah. And you're from Nigeria. You know a lot of times music isn't, it's probably changed now, but there was a time where it wasn't culturally acceptable. They want you to be a doctor You know, go to school. So how did your parents or your family were they supportive of, of you going into music? First of all, just my brother You know.


My brother got in my first headphone. We used to put like a memory card inside You know And. I just got so inspired by hip hop especially. He was a huge hip hop fan and anything my brother listened to, I used to listen to. Also there was just so much gospel music around the house. 'cause my mom was just like You know pop too. Whenever I used to take us to school at the time, used to like jump some cities. So I was very inspired, You know by what they were listening to. But my brother was a huge supporter. My brother used to throw parties. And I used to gain my confidence between church and his parties and performing.


And his friends used to help me and his school was doing his thing. And it's just like, yeah, yeah. But over time my mom would to like understand You know what I was doing. She didn't like it at first. Not really. She liked it in the church but Not she liked it in the church. But when You know, I started like going to competitions and then You know at the time I used to go like try to freestyle in different bars and at the time when you spray some money, I just got her top. I give it to her and she was, she started feeling it a little bit. She a little, well she wanted you to be a doctor.


I remember when I got smacked by her at the time when I wanted to take an exam that get me to college. And I really did not know what I wanted to be. I just, I just wanted to glide wherever the wind took me, I just threw it. You know. But yeah, I was You said she Smacked you? Yeah. Backhand open hand was You didn't take the exam or you I took it, but it was just like, she asked me what you want to be and it's just like, I really did not want to tell her music because I wasn't still sure. 'cause I was just like struggling on the ground. But yeah, over time though, she, she got to understand what I was doing. She trusted me. You know.


She was not really happy about like the unsafe places. I was like what? 13 out at 2:00 AM like trying to get the sluts to rap at a bar. You know You should get the sluts to wrap at a bar slot. Slots. Slots. Oh slots. I mean If. you do that in America. Go to script, get the slus to dance. This guy is crazy. So listen, when she smacked you right, did that deter you or did that make you say, I gotta really focus on this music? No, it was like I have to make up my mind what I really want to do. And starting on it literally You know and And I was just trying to be realistic inside of my heart.


I was like, mom, really? Do you have money to take me to college? Let's be real You know you don't have money to in college. Lemme just like, did She slap you again when you said that? No, that was what was in my heart. 'cause like I really did not want to be a burden to her. 'cause she was already going through a lot as a single mom taking care of like four kids. You know. But yeah, I just like picked on the paper. I think I ticked business admin. Yeah. Oh, that was Adminis administration. That's my degree. The business administration. Yeah. I tooked that I passed the exams though, but I just didn't go. I was just like, at the time I, I stood on business.


I was like, You know what, let me just go like talk something out for the family, family. This school thing is not going to You know, do it for me. Do you let Your mom listen to your music? I never really went to her and say, yo, listen, I want her to hear sound gathering. I mean, she's heard everything She heard sound gathering everything. What she say about she hear sound. Gavin tell her the line. He's been talking this line for our gather. Say it the line. Okay. Shamon, there's a line on sound guys where remember says tapping on that pussy, you say you tapping on that pussy like you killed a motherfucking insect. Your mom ain't hear that line. That ain't from the church. Didn't hear that ain't from the church. Your mom ain't hear that line. Yeah, probably Why I whispered it in the, I'm not sure she has caught that yet, but I mean, she hear my song.


I'm old enough now. So she, she's All What inspired that line though? Was it a big clit and you was just like trying to kill it like a bullet or something? What the, what? So I, I mean, I said in a couple interview at the time I recorded that song, it was Valentine Day You know. I was like in the hotel, I got my producers, we, we had almost the whole floor. Like we were just chilling You know and young dudes just like starting to enjoy the fame. I would say Having a good time. Just having a good time. Valentine. So we are locked in at work on one side and phone on one side. And I just popped out my room. And I just called my homie London. He was in a hotel too.


He was chilling. And I was like, yo, you still making beats? Are you up? He was like, yeah, pulled up. I was like, babe, I pulled up, I heard a sexy beat. I was like, You know what? I'm just gonna sing about what happened in the other room. Damn. Wow. What was her name? YG one. G One. How old are you? Remember? I'm 24 now. Wow. Wow. You achieved so much at a young age. What, what drives you to just keep pushing these, these boundaries and music? I would say number one thing, my driver has always been family. And. I feel like my family has grown bigger by, by how much love I've received and how much people have supported me to achieve my vision.


I would say just You know. I just feel like I have so much responsibilities and it's like You know, living the hood, the first thing is just you want to feed your family. Yeah. You know. And then when you come in the game and you see that there's other responsibilities that come with being an artist and being, being a chosen one, You know, not everybody just, there's just different people that are called You know for different purposes. And then you also look around you and see like the people who supported you to achieve like your dreams. They also got dreams. So sometimes you take time out and you branch out of your body a little bit and be like, what do you want?


Oh wow. You know. And my manager could look at me and be like, I wanna manage the biggest artist out of Africa. And in my thought process, like, I'm gonna get him that You know. And it's not everything that has to do with like money exchange or all of that. It's just like, yeah. So different drives. It's not, and it's like every responsibility of every drive I got, it's not a hundred percent mine. It's just like, what do you want, what do you want to achieve? Where do you see us going? What's, what's the prophecy? Like You know, You call yourself the chosen one. The, the the, I can't pronounce it HEIS Is it he he he is. He is. He he Is. But just put together h oh Duh.


I'm the idiot. But it translates to someone special or chosen. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So Greek Chord. So when did you become aware of like your own special, divine, unique qualities? When did you realize I damn, I I am the chosen one in my family? I would say it's just like, I'm a spiritual person. I don't like to get too deep. But we Can tell though, everybody in this room loves God brother. But I just feel like there's just signs that come with prophecies and you, you just be chilling and the prophecy just hits you and someone just woke up to you and say this and you just be like, I see this in.


Or it's like, You know You had to happen to you. Sometimes it's just visions. You know you just have visions and it's like, if the vision was never for me, then why did it come to me in the beginning? Right. You know. So I just like take hold of it. And when you like put effort and faith in that one vision and it comes to life, it's like, oh, probably might do this to the rest. 50 visions I've got. And they just keep coming to life. And, I feel like my name also like holds that grammar as a revelation from another dimension. It's like another word for an idea. Like when an idea hits you, that euphoria that's real and you feel that feelings like it's just like, it's just like an adrenaline pump.


I heard that in church And, I just feel like You know that name just stuck with me. And I feel like I leave the name You know. Yeah, You know. I wanted to know You know with the success of Calm Down and how big the record is and and how big you are with that record over, over here. I always talk to artists and they say one of their biggest fears is making a hit so early that big because you always chase that hit. You always wanna be bigger than that record. Have you had the same problem of trying to beat that record in the States? Mm, no. I never planned to make a big record. I was just doing me and The World You know went with it. Right. And also it's like, I'm grateful for education.


It's not like school education, but like life education people experience things not just for them to experience it and learn a lesson. I I don't always look at success stories to learn. I also like to look at mistakes. A lot of people have had big songs like, and it's like the biggest bird cage and it's just like cage to that. I don't let that affect like my creative process. I go to the studio with the same mentality. Like I made my first hit song and then I have a vision. I, I like If. you look in my eyes, like you can see that I see something that's way ahead of me.


It's just like, whatever needs to happen now. What happen now? And I know my way around it. I have no pressure. I feel no pressure. I'm happy, joyful, I'm making bangers still And I like the way I move through my new project as well. Just like, I don't like to move with the, the way, the way the way people expect. I, I don't like to move with the rules. I don't do that. Yeah. You blend a lot of different genres, You know in your music. So so what do those influences say about who you are as a, a artist and a person?


Sorry, I said you blend a lot of different genres in your, in your music. Yeah. So what does that say about you as a artist and a person that you're just not afraid to take chances or you won't let people keep you in a box? Yeah, pretty much. I'm in my own world, You know I don't really write song. I don't write, I just go to the studio and have fun. You know, sometimes I end up saying things that do not even exist. Like And I know even words. I just, I just, What's an example of what's, what's an example of like something that wasn't a word In it. My first hit song, the chorus was not even a word. I just expressed myself. I was just And I was just in my own world enjoying what I do.


And I stand on it. Like I said, if the vision was never for me, then why did it come? Mm You know, it's like no English word or Nigerian word could match the vibration that Aura would send. It was just meant to be Gibb. And I did it. And it gave me a platform to express myself more. It gave me my first hit song. You understand? So, and in Nigeria we call that lamba. Lamba is just something you just create out of the euphoria of being in the studio. While you're in, in that creative process, you just like close your eyes and just like express that one thing. It's just like saying boom without saying it was an explosion. Yeah. You know you just say boom.


One of my favorite records of yours off the He Is project you just laughing in the chorus on He, he, he, When you Sit, when you sit when you say, because I just like the way you applying pressure on when you say I'm not gonna take it easy on my haters Monday morning, you talking about me while I'm making money. What inspired that record? Exactly. The haters. The haters. It is like, for real though. Like day on day, day in, day out. People just like talking about me. You know And, I, I'm stacking up every second. It's like, it's just a sign for you to do better with your time. It's like you're just hat on it. People been hat on me since I was what dropped my first tape.


19. I've been criticized a lot. You know I've not been You know. I would, I would say I've not been babysitted at all. You know. It's just like I've been, I've been, I've been poked for years and if no one got like my heart, they, they, they'll, they'll literally literally crash. You know. I feel like over time, even with my phases, the game kind of made me colder and colder. You know I came with a loving heart. I spread so much love. You know And the Hate turns your heart A little bit. You know, it's just like, sometimes you just want to give back that energy.


You know it's just like Kendrick sometimes you wanna pop out and show Sometimes you wanna wild out. But you said you You know, you said you were learning from experiences, right? You were talking about your head and the success, but you also said mistakes as well. What was one of the the biggest mistakes that you made that you learned from? Biggest mistakes? I would say in the game? Yeah. Or in life in general. Both. I would say You know Trust. Like you just literally have the biggest lessons from Trust You know being a young kid and just wanting to embrace everybody.


And it's like just seeing humans become like, like the stories you used to hear when you were younger, Greedy masters. I, it's just like, man, You know. I really, I trust You know when you have love, when you, when you put your all and there are people who you heart so much and they just stop not being, not being good. Like we, like me, I keep being good. Like if I see my enemy, I still shake hands, but it's like we know we're not cool, but it's like the respect of shaking hands. And also I'm that believer that you don't have to be friends to be loyal. I also believe in that like if we got money to make, let's make money.


But we don't have to be friends. You know. Oh, you mean, so like here we say there there's no permanent friends or enemies when it comes to business. Is that what you mean? Yeah. Gotcha. It's like just let's make money and it's like, and another thing is like, it's like years ago, like I didn't know a lot of people that the game would bring my way. Why would I make that like a, a huge thing? Like I didn't know you like at first I just wanted to feed my family. So why would you be the highlight of my career? Why should I focus on you? I don't get time to do that. I can't Is a lot of the hate you get? Is it from your own city? No, my city love me. Okay. Okay. Okay. Where is, so who, so who's the haters?


Huh? So who hating? Like, I mean it's just like, I mean it is not really restricted to a city. It's just like social media, Twitter stuff you see on Twitter. People just don't, people don't like a kid who's just like, has his own ideology or breaking the rules or breaking the rules of sound and changing the soundscape or like being confident and like You know stepping on next. As you would say that You know, like not being scared. Like they don't, they didn't really like that begus for your flower type energies. Like no, I made a tweet years ago. I was like, I'm not happy to be here. I was chosen to be here.


You know. I don't make it feel like I'm also happy to be here type shit. You know. Yeah. I, I feel chosen to be here. I feel chosen to do something for the game for the next generation and let me do it. And whatever level of success I achieve I'm humble with it or not feel like I appreciate it. You feel like you get the, the, the respect you deserve. When they, when they talk about the genre of Afrobeats, do you feel like you are in that conversation like you should be? Or do you feel like sometimes you're left out? I feel like the success came too quick. That people wish I didn't get it too quick. And You know when they want to give you respect when you have to be 10 years in the game. I feel like I didn't mind, my career didn't play according to those rules.


And I was already breaking like 7-year-old, seven years career worth of records at three years in the game. You understand? I already went international for my first ep. You understand? So it's like people have this mind frame that we have to see you striving for 10 years. Like you have to grind. We have to see videos of you in the studio. Like you walk You know why do I need to, I don't post me in the studio. All you hear is, oh you see is music. I don't give people what? I don't really tell people nothing about my personal life. They don't know nothing. I think people just saw my mom for the first time two weeks ago. Hmm.


But it's like people would just want you to strive so hard so that they can be able to give your flowers. It's like no it's just, it's something called Grace though. It's like I put in so much work that you don't, I don't want to show it. People know I put in so much work day are night. But yeah they want me to be 10 years in the game to be like, oh okay now we can say you are this or you are top this or like it's like come on man, let's be real. Do you feel like when people have the top three afrobeat male afrobeat artist conversation, you should be included. I know they right now they include Burner Boy whiz kid and dto. Do you think you should be included in that Respite to the OGs but yeah, I'm one of them.


Once you Tweeted no more big three, there's now a big four. Yeah. Yeah. And If, you look at it, my impact in Afrobeats has been huge. You understand it's not just about hit songs a lot people have hit songs but the impact and the journey of Afrobeat to The World You know, I mean like, I don't even wanna say a lot but just, just something as little as major award shows creating an Afrobeat category because of the success of my song is already as already shifted or open Gates. You understand it's like India as a country, like being able to do huge arenas in three cities and having Indians in multitude come out to ing Afrobeat songs.


What forward is like, it's on another level and that's just like a little peak of the iceberg of what I've done in the games. But I don't like to talk about it. I don't put my plaques in my house to like fuel myself with that ego. I don't, I don't want to talk about it. But it's quite sad. Must I be 30 years old to gimme that flower times has changed. You don't need to be 10 years in the game to be a legend, to be an icon, to be someone who inspired in next generation. It's just what it is. Whatever favoritism, all of that is like that's on them. It's like everybody in their hearts, they know And, I know read body language from everyone on the game.


The artists, everything. Love to everybody though. Like You said, you said a lot of labels are trying to clone you. You said tell your stylist to stop sending mails to brands. Man, reading my tweet to my Name to get close artists. Really sending stylist mail with your name to get close. You say I'm gonna pull up to your show and script you on stage. 'cause that's my shit ho Fake celebrities, fake industry. Jesus. Oh they pulling up with Young Mary Label, get creative. Stop trying to clone me. Then you said re made Afro BTPA big statement. Every new artist since 2019 ate from the same template. That was pretty wordy. For someone who Don't like to talk about it, which ones that way also Me.


What Motivat, what motivated all of that? I mean it is like sometimes, Most times I'm not on the internet. You know I management, I handle my social media, but I'm, I'm very true person to the cop is fool. It's like, might as well just say a few things. Just get a few things out my chest. Right? I don't really want to embarrass anyone. And sometimes the times when he need to make a statement, it's a saying that when it lizard shakes his head, like he, he is like adjusting his own ego, his prison, his own, his own self.


'cause nobody want to give him his flowers. Nobody want to give him praise. But I'm not here in this interview to beg for flowers or anything. Sometimes I just like to clear the air. You know like reaching out on behalf saying you're a grandma stylist and stealing my clothes month worth of clothes and like brands that have created a relationship think they're sending clothes to me and they're sending my clothes to you and seeing some funny shoe sizes. It's like, whoa. So we got these tiny legs, some funny is like hilarious.


And by the eps is just like, man, I mean when I came to the game, I came with a template. I, I just like the, the way like new artists come and have a, have a dominance. Mine was just different from day one. I started You know the whole EP trail. I mean every artist is 2019 like walked on that path. Like If, you new artist just had to like when you come out you pop out with that ep. But a lot of people will argue with that. You know. A lot of people just don't want You know sometimes this it, this is the word. I don't like to feel like some Afrobeat Messiah or someone just sometimes they don't really like you being quite young and saying something.


Sometimes it's not for you to say sometimes it's the truth, but it's not for you to say. Sometimes I just want to leave it and sometimes I'm quite, I just can't wait for it to be in the air. 'cause I, I just can't wait for maybe like the OGs to say it And. I'll be like, okay, no one's saying it. So I'm, I'm mad as you as well. But slowly it's just like I really don't want that picture of Afrobeat Messiah. Oh let's do it for Afrobeat Afro. It's like You know. I really don't want things to be that serious. And I just want express myself. That's all. And when things are not looking good, And I don't want to clear something, I just want to clear it and leave it at that. But starting to like make an agenda on tweets that I felt at the moment.


I mean the tweets has cleared whatever I need to, I don't really need to like embody it in interviews. It is not so much of a big deal. You get me. What's Your relationship like with the, with the OGs with that, with the Burner Boys and the Beatles and Wi Kids? Do y'all have relationships or Yeah. Big respect. Yeah. One thing I'm happy about is that we all respect each other. You know there's respect You know there's difference between being a a boy a friend. Yeah, a friend. It's like I got friendship, I got respect. You know a lot of people got friendship from Big Dogs. I ain't got respect. I got respect and if, if I ain't, don't even got Friendship but I got my respect, that's okay for me.


You Feel like the US watered down a lot of Afrobeats like it just seemed like they just took a couple of records and made him big and almost like that was it to see. But when you go to Africa, South Africa, Nigeria, all these different places, it's so much more. You feel like it's watered down at all. Gimme an example of a US alphabet A couple of years ago all you heard was dto. Like he was the only artist. Oh than two years later. All you heard was Burner Boy. Like he was the only artist. Do you feel like that that affected at all? No. I think they, they were doing the one and Utmost Mission Africa to The World.


Right? Everyone had their own mission to play. Right. I just feel like I like to enjoy the rawness. I like to see the rawness but slowly You know when we They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for You.


What's that? Making sure The guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid for By Harris for President


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


There's two kinds of people in The World. People who love health aid kombucha and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If, you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha today.


Kombucha.


When you think about energy drinks, you probably think about physical performance. But what If you could have a mental edge too Don't Quit is one of the only energy drinks on the market that contains a powerful ingredient called Cognizant that has been clinically studied to improve your focus, attention and overall brain health. That's why Don't Quit is one of the fastest growing energy drinks in the country. Don't let the wrong ingredients knock you down. Fuel your perseverance with don't quit energy drinks. Get yours now@walmart.com.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


You know when we start like doing a lot of, having a lot of international dominance, we sometimes the little influence on the outside come in and sometimes you just want to like make it more understandable for the people to digest the music better. Maybe slow down on a little local dialect and maybe like put in a little more English so that they can understand You know so, or like maybe the beats maybe. Maybe it's too intense. Like maybe just want something like You know But at the time it was like You know we never really used to care what anybody think. It's like if they like it, they like it. They don't.


That's right. Right. It's like we just go to the studio and be free. You know. I didn't know if America was gonna like calm down, didn't know If you. Europe was gonna like it. I just do stuff. Then some of my songs that are more successful in France than they are in in a country two hours away from France. It's just like different crowds pick whatever they want to pick. India they got what they like You know or the African countries, they got what they like. You know. I would say like my first album did so well internationally than it did locally. You understand? I would just make it music. But the international crowd grasped it more than the locals.


Right? My new album, the locals grasped it more than the international. It's just like comes with the face, right? But I really don't have a place in people's decision when they create, some people create what they want to create. Some people actually plan to create because they plan to be in the territory. You know and sometimes could prompt several features or I need to feature this artist too. Or Oh these people, this what they like to listen so let me do this. But in an Afrobeat version that would be more digestible to them. Different concept. But generally I hope over time it don't be the norm.


It's like, come on, it's not us now we are very rugged with it and we're wicked with the beats. With the flow. It's like let's stand on that. 'cause that was the main foundation of Afrobeats. I I like what you said about that because when I tell people that I listen to you, that's one thing they say about, especially with the new project, they say that you highlight the local roots of Afrobeats with your drums and and your sound patterns. So that's, that's intentional to do that. Yeah, that was intentional. You see it just has, yeah, it just have to do with someone that has a out body experience of that look at the game from like whoa, what got going on? You know what got going on right now.


But sometimes it's like another thing is like, think about it. Some people will be like, okay, you feel like you can make this move 'cause you already have your international song. Why don't we, we wanna have our own international song too. Why you think it is like I never like, yeah Calm Down is a softer beat. It is like I have a lot of songs, it's soft beats. Like I make love songs, I make all type of jumps. But it's just like that rawness, it's just something that was just being like being lost. It was like what they call it lost art. It's just like yo gotta mind like 'cause also If, you think about it, I'm not trying to be selfish 'cause I have a huge song.


Also think about the guys in the underground. If we lose this art, like You know the streets is, this is their bump. That's right. Like you, you gotta also make them know like yeah this person who's so huge is still willing to tap in so low to the roots. Like I see you You know. It's like I see you. It's like it's also possible for you guys. Like don't make it like, 'cause now the guys on the ground would think like, oh I have to water down my stuff. Right? No I want to hit traditional afrobeats. Yeah, you Get it, you get it and it just takes someone who's very confident with it, who's not, who's not gonna shake with any judgment. I got so much judgment like when my pressure job, like people were just like going at it.


Like my manager was telling. 'cause I really don't be caring what people say. It's like, it's like I know he's, he's trying to be positive but it's like people are not happy. People are like, oh like this is not the rumor. You know. It's like I don't care about the rumor. I come with phases. I've not been the same person since 2019. You know and I'm becoming a man. So he is like the kid they used to know and when I was 19 is not the kid right now. You know Fame can be very overwhelming, especially at your age, right? To have the fame, to have the the fortune. How do you stay grounded amidst all this newfound success, First of all is hustling in the in the streets.


Just to make a couple breads. I already kind of like felt what money was like, Oh you was getting money before the song? Yeah. Oh okay. It was like I was not like when I made my first 50 million for music, 50 million era for music. Oh, now let me google this. Wait, We made done much. This is in America. None. This here Crazy you your first check 50 million. 15 million or 15 million. 15 million there. Okay, You had already felt that. But That's not US dollars. He's, he's checking conversion rate. It was huge. What's the conversion Rate? 30,000? Yeah. Yeah. 30,000. Look at that. You see she, She got 15 million because I'm like, wait, turning the birds on you.


This was a bird. Like I'm like which streets are those and are they still open? Because I gotta go figure this Out. That's 30,000 this year. 'cause inflation and stuff. But it was better. It was much like, it was like 40,000, 50,000. Yeah it was like it was good money. Right? But first of all like when I got there I was like, I was not freaked. Like I know a lot of young people who have that for the first time. Like what do we buy? What do we wanna do with that? No, my first, my first bag I got my mom car because I just couldn't stand her trek You know what you buy my car? Yeah. You know At the time I used to buy a lot of instruments for the church and it's just like, just to up our game You know. 'cause I had a rap group.


But yeah, And I had enough money to go to the studio. It's like, 'cause I stopped music 'cause I just needed to grind. Right. So being in the game right now, like since 2019, it was just like, first of all, I was not freaked about nothing was a surprise to me. You know. Even when I was like making bread at the time before music, like I wasn't even with the shorties. I didn't really care about the shorties. I just wanted to make the bread, see my family happy. So when I was here and seeing the short, it's like, yeah, it is not, it's not surprising to me. You know I don't really have like dirty rugs in the street.


I don't have no story. I, me a bad is like, we don't know nothing about like, dude don't even got all time. That's just like, been there, done that. It's like, it's like the, the game was not so since then I just been grounded 'cause I know what it's like and how hard it is to make money. And, I and then I have good people around me. You know I have really good people around me. I saw you say once that you, you, you felt like you were forced to sell your childhood just to provide for your family after you lost your brother and father condolences on that. Yeah, they on my train right now. Yeah, I see that. That's it. Yeah. Yep. So, so you feel like you grew up too fast? Yeah. You didn't have a childhood?


No. Nah. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't really have a childhood. I didn't do a lot of things like a lot young people do. Didn't really grow up at a point where I was being conscious of friends. I, I didn't really have a lot of like people my age. I always was drawn to people older than me and losing my brother. And my dad is like two people I looked up to. Anything. You listen, I listen. Anything you say, I say If. you have a new sl. I go to school, my class, I'm like yo. Yeah, You know anything my brother does, I do. I wear his clothes. You know all of that. It's like even when, when the shoe was bigger than me, I put my foot in there, stack it up, he a skinny leg, he stack it off his socks.


A skinny leg. You know. You know. I looked up And. I was just like I ate, I lost my dad and my brother was holding me down. We just keeping me sane and then lost my brother And I. Just like I was confused. And I held. I held really tight to the church. The church was like my last like, like shield. But music was doing it thing, but it wasn't pain. So I just, I ran away from home. I was just running mad You know I just needed to grind. There was so much pressure. My mom could not pay bills. Like we just suffering You know. So like from 15 especially, just like got worse. Imagine from eight it was really bad.


Everything went downhill from having a provider, no provider. And everyone was just like, my mom was just like hustling so hard. So first of all, like, and also I had all rights to be wayward. And. I feel like I give myself that little prop. I had all rights to be a stupid boy. Wilding out, You know the doors were open. There's nobody to beat me to say don't go out, do whatever I want. Right? But I just stayed grounded 'cause I, I just needed to You know. I just felt like, especially when my brother died, I just felt I was the only one. Like I really didn't want my sisters to be fooling around to make some bread.


I was like, y'all sit down. I'm out. You became the man of the house. Yeah, I go sit like nobody hid from me for like a year or two. Wow. It's gone. I was just stacking, stacking, saving, You know, just And, I came back home. I just put things in place. So your hu your hustle comes from their absence in a way. Oh really? It's just like the drive. Seeing your mom being assaulted and my mom's been assaulted, laughed at You know. It's just like, it's not your fault. You know. It's just life. You know and me suffering right now is not my fault either. It's just like we just bought. It's what we, decisions we make to make things better.


Right. And. I just feel like I lost all of that. No friends spend a lot of months alone in my head and You know and the only thing I could hold onto is God, I'm, I'm grateful to be here. What are the conversations like now with your mom? 'cause You know, knowing all of that now when you guys are like looking back at that, like what does she say to you in those moments where y'all are like reflecting on that stuff? You know me and my mom have a relationship. Like when she cry, I cry. I don't know. If you I'm like that too. Yeah. You, you like that when she cry? Just like, I don't know. I just can't hold it. And, I feel like she say a lot of things with her tears. It's like she just cannot like say a lot of words.


She just look at me and just start crying. And. I. Understand. You know. Yeah. Do you, dang you made me, I lost my train. I was like, oh you see I can, I can tell you're a very spiritual person, right? Like and you say you have visions. Do you see your, your father and brother like in dreams now like guiding you or? Yeah. I love, I love the visions of personal I would say. But yeah, I feel like, I feel like I've, number one, I've relieved a lot of the moment they have lived and it's like I've been here. It feels like I have that little dish of wood that I've been here before and it's like a second chance to make the decision. I was just recently with the King of Alan.


Be You know And I. Remember years ago after I lost my dad looking at her, his photo book and seeing when he was bowing down to the king at the time. And I was seeing how I worked my way up to that same moment of my dad kneeling to the king at the time. Wow. I was shaking And. I was there. She's like, he did it like everything. Like he wanted to like I remember when he was working on a visa for us to go to the UK and the first country I went to when I blew up was the uk. It's just like you did it And I took my family to the uk. It's like, it's like every moment like it is just like they're living through me.


Yeah. You know. So yeah. Now you talk about bad healthcare in Nigeria and you always talk about giving back to the church, giving back to the kids. Mm. What do you think could be done to change some of the stuff that you and your family went through to make sure the next generation doesn't have that problem? Are you working towards that as well? I mean, I've done a lot that You know. I really do not even want the media to take. Like I really didn't even like seeing me giving to the church in the media. I don't like, I really feel like the media like to twist a lot of things You know, but a lot of things are being held down by the government. You know And I think the government is starting to understand that they're not as influential.


I would say we are the ones having a real influence on the youth You know. And a lot of times they have to bring us close to know what the youth wants and maybe some might have it have us close for their own agendas. But it's just your decision to stand with the agenda. There's no amount of money the government want to give me And. I be like, oh, oh. Like no government money can freak me. I've said in a lot of songs that I think I started to make more money than politicians. It's like, it's like You know. I feel like with the influence I have, I feel like we are now at the point where we can tell them like, yo, you are not doing your job.


If I'm sitting there with the governor, I would whisper to this ear. I'm like, I don't think you're doing this right. I'm sorry it's coming from a 24-year-old. But it's like, I think I tap in with what their perspective. You can't see that, sir. I'm sorry. You know policies like just help like convince them about policies and the little we can do like with investing with the money we make, bringing back home, giving kids life a meaning. You know, a lot of times I would tell my manager, 'cause we have a lot of detox, it's like, it's not about giving rice. Everybody just want to give rice, rice, rice.


It's like you just want to go make some food. Do You know if some kid got some allergy to rice and then you, yes she gave rice, but then you leave and then the kid gotta go to the hospital to sort out the allergy. Do you understand? Yeah. It's like, are you like, this is a whole different perspective to me giving back. I don't lie to do the basic give back that oh I gave you food, that's it. It's like, no. It's like, what about tomorrow? What are they gonna eat tomorrow? Mm. It's like I'd rather create a platform that will consistently provide Yeah. You know, create a platform that will consistently educate, create a platform that will consistently clothe, create a platform.


Consideri shelter. It could be a hundred people, it could be 500 people, but if it's 1000 people or 500 people, but at least it's quite consistent. Then I'm giving 1 million people food today, tomorrow they'll be hungry. That's my perspective of giving back platforms policies. And they should listen to you. I mean, you just had a show in your city, you had 20,000 people come out. I think it was 30 even more. Wow. A lot of people outside. Wow. It's like, what did that feel Like been doing that in your hometown, how you pronounce your hometown benign Benin. Benin. Benin. Yeah. This Benin city that's a country called Benin. Same spelling bro. Benin, it was really beautiful.


Iconic then and there. I just, I felt a lot of joy. Love anger. Sorry to say anger. Why? It's just, oh, okay. It's just like this place has struggled so hard. Mm. This place has stomped on me. You know, it's not really like you're blaming the people, it's just like you're just blaming, blaming the environment for your struggle. Yeah. You know and it was just like, I have to give back in some way. I didn't want that money. First of all. It was not about, Hey I'm, I'm the star. Come on watch me like pay to watch me.


It's like no. It's like I made sure the tickets were affordable 'cause life is hard in Nigeria. First of all, tickets affordable. And also I don't make myself the center of the event. No, the people won. And then everything that has to do with the show, giving them an iconic show. The great stage, great sound, great. Like You know if, if I had bad sound in in that stadium, they'd be like, yeah, it was a great show regardless. Why? Because I didn't put put my all into the stage or the sound because I was so focused on me being the talk of the town. Like it, it's all about me.


It's not even about the sound. People will take it, they'll, they'll still say it's a good show. But I, I always like, I made sure You know the security of the people. Even the security of the people outside that cannot get in. 'cause I know that would be a possibility. Just making sure that they have a good show and making sure that can impact, give back, inspire as much use as I can. Yeah, I think I did that. Is it true that you got paid $3 million to perform at the world's most expensive wedding of 2024 in Mumbai? Okay. Aside Mumbai If. you even ask me about a show, a festival I would not even tell you.


Smart. Yeah. I would not even tell you. It's not just Mumba. It is. They just all in your money. Yeah. It is just like, I feel like people would guess my wealth for till eternity. It is like you can never find out. I Can smell him. Nigga with money, man, leave me a couple dollars. Oh my goodness. Leave uncle a couple of Nira, man. Well we You know what I'm saying is Naras or RAs, You asking me? Let's, let's get into a joint off the album. What you wanna hear, what joint you want. Want us to play this morning? Let's Play. He, he, he I know. No record is hard man. What he wants to play. It's different on a Monday morning. Look What record you wanna do. I wanna do his Is the actual his the song?


He is. He is. He is. Yeah. Alright, well we appreciate you for joining us. Next time you're town I come back. Okay brother. Absolutely. Man. Man, Don't be letting them take your outfit. They fly. Word up. I appreciate and don't know, let nobody dim your light. Like I, I like, I like your confidence man, You know what I'm saying? And your belief in God, like absolutely. I can see, I can see God in you brother. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate It Grandma. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Thank you. Wake That ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


There's a lot of pros to drink. Health aid, kombucha, no cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste Pro pairs. Well with anything Pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady apple berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha. Today,


When you think about energy drinks, you probably think about physical performance. But what If, you could have a mental edge too, don't Quit, is one of the only energy drinks on the market that contains a powerful ingredient called Cognizant that has been clinically studied to improve your focus, attention and overall brain health. That's why Don't Quit is one of the fastest growing energy drinks in the country. Don't let the wrong ingredients knock you down. Fuel your perseverance with don't quit energy drinks. Get yours now at Amazon.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.