
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked Starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect Tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor. Subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing In Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta skymile member comes with more than just miles and great travel. It comes with access to Sky Miles experiences. My new favorite place to find unforgettable events, like an exclusive styling session and cocktails with me, Rachel Zoe. Courtside seats for your favorite team. One of a kind dining concert backstage passes and much more. All available by using your miles head over to delta.com/sky miles experiences to find your next experience and favorite memory, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which sir and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Jabil Films in the building. Good morning. What's Good morning. What's going on, y'all good? How's it feeling? Hey, I feel amazing, man. It's a blessing to be here. I've been a fan of the show for a long time. For sure. Yeah, That's what's up, man. So he was always charlamagne, always make fun of like my roles in movies or whatever. I love her. I, no, he's a liar. Oh, she's incredible. He thinks I belong on TV and that's all I need to that'ss why I need to stay. That's my home and everything. And he was shocked to know that I was in a movie that was on That's on Peacock.


Peacock. Yeah. And I executive produced it. Hey, Come on. That's right, That's Right. By the way, I love Tuby. I have no problem with Tuby. Thanks. Okay. Nah, but I mean, yeah, we're on a peacock now. I Hate. I Love You just dropped. Yeah, it's my directorial debut. Just hilarious. One of the co-stars we got. Ke Schroeder. Yeah. Rhetoric. Rhetoric Williams. Yeah, we got Ernestine Morrison, Javier Macintosh, Sean Freeman, little Scrappy and little scrappy man. Little scrappy bodied. That Role did good. He did really, really well. I love that For, sounds like a Tuby cast, but it's not Jesus. Nah. Nah. You don't even know Ain't People. You gonna see some of these people in major roles. Like this is A clown.


How did you get into film Jabre? I got my start actually through my brothers Javier and Shaq. Since we've been kids, we've been filming like at home videos. And that transitioned into when I was about 18, I just was running around Atlanta with a camera going all the clubs, You know, just trying to film any artists that I could. And from there I got picked up and started to go on tour. So I was When on tour? Who? Big Baby Drum. Okay. So I was his day to day. And so we did his first tour with Ari Lennox, and then that led to touring with Kendrick Lamar. So I did the damn tour with Travis Scott and them. And from there, like my name really started to buzz and the industry. So I took You know my expertise in that and transitioned into films and commercials.


So I started doing commercials for like Under Armours and some of my favorites. I, I used to direct campaign videos for Stacey Abrams, sorry, leader Abrams. And then You know. From there I just started shooting movies as a cinematographer, doing like Keisha Cole's biopic and never would've made it. But now it's transitioning into my directorial debut, which is I Hate I Love You. So for I, Hate I, Love You, did you film it yourself, produce it yourself and then sell it to Peacock? Or did you So Maverick and Freely films, they kind of put together that play. But I was one of the producers and directors and my team with BP 40, we pretty much just use all of our resources to film it.


Like it's all of our own equipment. We brought everything to the table. And, I directed, edited, and built a score. The the reason I ask, 'cause You know all of these screaming platforms, they need content and You know people. We, we, they, they joke about Tubi, but that's essentially what Tubi was. But all of these screaming platforms are gonna be taking that model. Yeah. Facts. Facts. Yeah. And I think it's like, it's just important like what we did, which is we just used our whole community to kind of bring it together. Yeah. Like all of our friends, family, we brought everybody to make the, everybody together to make the film happen. Especially because we filmed it last December, which of course was like right after the film strike. So everybody was hungry. Like pretty much nobody had worked for a year. So, so we all came together for this one project.


Why did you cast Jess? So actually to be honest, I didn't cast Jess, but when they brought her name up, I was like, oh, she's gonna be perfect for this role. Yeah. Because for one, I knew she could actually act. She Can definitely Actually act. I'm telling. So it's like people are asleep on that side of Jess You know, like we all know she's funny, but she can actually act. And the good thing about her in those scenes, like when we're actually going through it, every take she brings something different. You know. So some actors, they just give you the You know the same take back to back to back. But Jess always brings something new. So I mean, I'll forever wanna put her in my movies. Thank you. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And then a lot of people was talking about my role, why did y'all have me play that role now? It's so many people, Yo, because what's What's the issue?


I paid them. What's the issue? The issue is I, I Played Stop sleeping with that man, that girl's husband. Hey Man, it's A little spoiler alert, man. You know what I'm Saying? I know. And then I just had got a role when I was in First Lady at BMF. I slept with my best friend's man too there. And everybody is like, gosh, Leah, justice this Right? Everybody like Justice. Is this what you do? Nah, we gonna switch to them next time. We gonna switch to them next time. Okay. Very, very good. But, but you did body that role. Yeah. You know. You know you killed it. Yeah. Thank you. Did you have, is it, was it like a, a whole team of writers? Like, 'cause you said you, it was Actually no. So it was Jay Carter, the executive producer, the film. Yep. He wrote the whole film. That's what's up. Yeah. Yeah. And then in the, I seen like You know, I like to look at the comments and get feedback about like everybody's role and stuff.


They were, I seen a lot of people were saying like, so what exactly was the plot? Like what was the plot? I know that Kiara No, I want to call them by their names. Their characters. Jacinda Jacinda. Yeah. And Bradley. Bradley. Yeah. So they owned the agency. Yeah, They owned the agency. Art Life. And. I. Wanna know, how did Scrappy come into play? How did he come into play with like, how did he did, did he owed him money? Did JC and Brad owe him money? So essentially little Scrappy's character Bones in the movie. He funded all of Art Life to make it what it is. Got it. So it's this huge conglomerate and Bradley and Jacinda are married and Jacinda thinks that it was just their success that made it You know, blow up this big Got you.


Not knowing that the whole time it was scrappy. And his funny money, which funded their whole company, Is this scrappy as first Ner Role? No. So he is been in a couple other roles. Okay. But this is his first, I would say like serious, serious role. Yeah. Because he is You know. Typically he's the bad guy Got, but what I wanted to do with him in this movie is I wanted him to be the villain, but very calm because I feel like You know the undertone of being calm, yet also assertive is a lot more You know, scary and kind of terrifying. So Is it hard taking notes from networks nowadays or screaming platforms? Mm. Honestly, I, I can't really speak to it because they, they really let us cook. So they let me cook with this.


It was my first one. And I think they just trusted the cast. They trusted the crew. So when we delivered the product to 'em, 'em, they just accepted it as It was And. I feel like that's what they should do. Like get out the way of the creatives. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Even if you're putting money up, get out the way of the creatives. Yeah, I agree. Because this is our full vision. Like we put our heart into this. You know we'd spent probably a year and a half just working on this movie. So I'm glad You know they just let us do our thing. How long Did it take to shoot? You said a year and a half to do the whole movie. So how long did it take to Shoot? We shot it in 10 days. The whole movie in 10 days. Whole movie in 10 days. So it was just a grind just 10 days straight. And then I spent the next I, don't know, maybe six months editing and building up the score. Mm. Yeah. Yeah.


How did the writer strike? I heard you mention that earlier. How did the writer strike affect this film? Was this something that was already in the works when the writer strike came into play or, Yeah, so it was in the works, but the tough thing, I would say the way it affected it would be just the timeline because we weren't sure when we could film it. But also it was like assembling the crew and trying to figure out which cast could be involved. That was a really hard thing with the Rider strike. But Luckily, we filmed it in December, You know, like at the end of the year. Yeah. And everybody was kind of like, all right, I, I'll do this last joint You know before the end of the year to make it happen. Who, who inspires Jabre? I Would say definitely my family, my parents and my brothers.


But in the film world, it's definitely Spike Lee. Okay. That's my favorite director. And why, Why is it your Favorite? It's just the first time I saw Do the Right Thing. It just blew my mind. Classic. Just You know, being able, that's my favorite movie of all time. And just being able to bring people into your world and actually show them what that looks like is incredible to me. And I would say surprisingly enough, what really made me want to become a filmmaker is Missy Elliot. So when I, when I was a kid, yeah. When I was a kid seeing her videos, it was the same thing. Like my mind was blown. I'm like, how can people do this? How can I figure out how to make these things happen? And yeah. So Missy Elliot is one of my biggest inspirations as well. Yeah. So see, I wonder what's more important for a director's story or visual?


I think it's a mixture of both. Okay. But You know me as a director and cinematographer, I come from more of a visual background. But I mean, You know it's both like, neither one can be failing, but if you have a great story, visuals are just okay. You can still be right. But if you have amazing visuals, story's just all right. You know as long as something's good, You know. So, but you strive to have both be great. So what's, what's your favorite film of all time that you feel like you have the perfect balance of both those things? I would say do the right thing. Do the right thing. Yeah. To me. 'cause it's like so many iconic scenes and just, just the imagery of New York and the way he painted it and the color and lighting, but also You know the deep messages that the film does portray.


Yeah. Is to me the perfect balance. What about belly? I love Belly Belly's. Incredibles crazy. So slept on. He would be Acting like


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. So please remember that Amazon Black Friday week is here with deals up to 40% off shop Black Friday week deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop Now.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play and a panoramic moonroof make Driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic And weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com


Belly. But they say visually they didn't like how dark it looked. It was, I love Cat. I love that. It's one of the most creative movies ever made. I think Belly deserved You know Oscars like, absolutely. Like Belly is incredible And you can still watch it today and it stands the test of time. Absolutely Crazy. I was like 10, 11 watching that movie. Wow. That in the beginning. That, ooh, that CLI Club scene. That's crazy. That's like a music video in itself. And then the mo, just the scenes, everything. Pun. I love it. Will there be a part two? I think there is a part two in the works. I can't speak on it too much. Oh, you can't, I I think, I think they're trying to cook something up. Yeah. Yeah. Because the way it ends is like, okay, what else? Yeah, because it's a rollercoaster throughout the whole movie where you're kind of wondering like, what is this get into?


What does this get into? And then Right when we give you a piece, You know. Yeah, we kind of snatch it from you. But yeah, there's, there's definitely a part two in the works. Okay. You did something with the Olympics this year too, right? Yeah, actually. So I filmed the Olympians that were going to Paris. So we filmed like the behind the scenes of their photo shoot and them getting ready to go to Paris. And surprisingly in a cool way, they're playing it on like all the Delta flights. So that was like a goal of mine that I can check out the list. You know actually having something that's playing on Delta flights. Is it hard to write stories nowadays when life is so absurd? Like it feels like life is, is satire nowadays? Like, That's a great question, but No, I don't think so because I think You know there's always something You know creatively that you can pull from it, especially with life.


So I don't think so at all. Yeah. Do you have any dream projects that you You know you see in the future? Any dream collaborations or any You know? Anything you always wanted to do? Yeah, I mean, I'd love to do something with Jamie Fox. Hmm. I love Jamie Fox as an actor. Definitely Spike Lee and just You know, like bigger movies, I would say like bigger movies with You know larger budgets, more access and You know us being able to tell our stories. So yeah, That's on the way. I, I I wonder You know what directors like yourself is, is it pressure? Because every single thing you do nowadays can be magnified, right?


Like You know you, you, so a lot of these people have the opportunity to, to grow in your business, but for you it's like, oh, Jabre hate, I love you. Oh, just hilarious in it. These person in it I'm gonna watch. So they they're watching you from the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. I mean for me it's, I don't really feel the pressure as much 'cause I disconnect, so I don't spend time on the internet all day. And I know people are gonna say what they're gonna say regardless. You know. Like, I've been making films and commercials for 15 years. So it's like, either you like it or you don't. You know. So I know what I created, I know what it took to make it You know, especially with our team. So I, I don't really feel the pressure And I always know where I'm going. I'm always going to something bigger and greater. So if you don't like this one, maybe you like the next one.


If you don't like that one, maybe you like the next one after that. But if not, You know. I'm not here to please everybody anyway, so that's all good. What's your favorite way to tell a story? Is it through film? Is it through You know, I guess the documentary style stuff like the Olympics. Like, I, I would say my favorite would be film and commercials. Like I really like commercials because there's so much intention and there's so much time spent for something that's so small. And, I, you can get really creative with commercials. So I would say yeah, movies and commercials are definitely my Favorite. Commercials are a lost art. Yeah, Yeah, For sure. Like think about when we was young, you, those commercials that used to like stand out that you remember to this Day. Yep. Yeah. They don't do it that that way anymore. It's You know sad, but hopefully we can bring it back You know what I'm saying?


Alright. I remember when Super Bowl commercials were, were the best. Like people used to love those commercials. Now it's like, nah, I'm, I'm, I'm tired of like the dawn commercials. Like none of 'em make sense. Like, I don't have a greasy duck, I got dishes, I need wash facts. So facts, facts, Facts. It's like who are writing these commercials? We need, we need Better writers. It's a couple that I think are cool. The homie Matic, he does some cool stuff for like the LeBron commercials, but yeah, I agree. Like they don't go as big as they used to go. Yeah. So I mean, I think the Gatorade commercials were always big Gatorade. Yeah. And Nike back in the day were always Good music too. Yep. Facts. Facts. So you went to Georgia State Univers. Yep. And I. I know you told us how you got into film, but you, you majored in Business.


Yeah, so I got my marketing degree. How do you still dabble in that Marketing and business? Definitely. So I always knew that I wanted to do film and my brother And I started our company in college. So like I already knew what I wanted to do, so I didn't wanna go to film school. I just wanted to know how to build my business, so. Oh, okay. I just took all those years of college learning business and marketing. And I was writing You know my business plan for my actual company while I was in school. So it was cool. Like my professor is like, make up a You know a mock company, And I, review your business plan and this, this, and this. But I was using my actual company Yeah. For the professors to review You know. So that's what's up. Yeah, it definitely helped. And was that your brother, you talk about your brother, is that your brother that played in the movie as well?


Yeah, Javier because he's the actor. Yep. Okay. And it's And are you an actor as well? Not At all. I stayed you behind the camera. I stayed behind the camera. He's always been in front of the camera. Oh yeah, for sure. He's a huge personality. Like Yeah, he's a YouTube star. He does, he does it all. Oh Yeah, that's what's up. Oh, I wonder business has has gotten in the way of the creative because You know how. So creatives to me are creatives. Business people are business people, but nowadays creatives are forced to be business people. 'cause so many creatives be getting got That's true. So you gotta know your business. But I wonder if, if, if the business gets in the way of just being creative sometimes having to figure, having to balance Both. I think so because it's like, for me, You know and all our peers, we want to control our destiny.


So we wanna own our own businesses. You know we want to have You know our foot in the door. We wanna be a part of the conversations. But also as a creative, like sometimes I wish I could just show up and only do art. Like I don't want to have to handle business and hop on all these calls and figure out where the money's going. It's like I just wanna show up and create. So yeah, I agree. Okay. Tell They can see like your brother. Oh, so I'll say somebody like your brother's gonna have be probably such a good actor because he got you just watching his back so he don't have worry about facts. The business too. That's What's up. Yeah, that is true. Well Tell 'em how they can see I Hate I Love You starring out very own. Just hilarious. Yes. Yeah. So you can see I Hate I Love You right now out on Peacock.


Please go stream it everywhere. We put our heart and soul into this. Absolutely You know. Shout out freely films. Maverick, Eli Tero, my whole family. J Carter. J Carter, everybody, all actors. Sean and Tania. Everybody. That's What's up man. Was she acting like a diva? On, on on? Nah, just not On set. Ella cool, wasn't I? She was super cool. Thank you. In between the scenes cracking jokes like You know, like she was, she was very, very professional. And even like taking You know criticism or like maybe let's try it this way. She's like, all right, boom. Got it. You know. Not a diva at all. Were you pregnant when You Shooting? I was pregnant. Wow. Pretty much. They didn't know. Yeah, they didn't know. Oh, I just found out today. Yeah, I was pregnant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I think I was a month already.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, so you couldn't even smoke. You was just Mad. What? Mad. I just, but I was like, okay. All right. And I ain't want nobody to know. 'cause I You know we tell somebody that they start treating you like you need crutches. You know like, nah, yo, I'm good. Like I'm good. We definitely didn't know, right? So yeah, I was pregnant in the movie y'all. Y'all just can't see. Alright, well Jabil Films, we appreciate you for joining us. I'm sure you'll be back the next movie that comes out. Absolutely. Most definitely. I appreci y'all too. It's The Breakfast Local. Good morning, wake That ass up In The morning. The, Breakfast Club. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola.


Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing In Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta Sky Miles member comes with more than just miles and great travel. It comes with access to Sky Miles experiences. My new favorite place to find unforgettable events, like an exclusive styling session and cocktails with me, Rachel Zoe. Courtside seats for your favorite team, one of a kind dining concert backstage passes and much more all available by using your miles head over to delta.com/sky miles experiences to find your next experience and favorite memory, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning Miles today.


Terms apply.


Had enough of this country ever dreamt about starting your own, I planted the flag. This is mine. I own this. It's surprisingly easy. We Have 55 gallons of water, 500 pounds of concrete, Or maybe not, no country Willingly gives up their territory. Oh My God. What is that? Bullets? Listen to Escape from Zach. Stan help. That's escape from ZAQ is Stan on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming Up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers Katie's publicists and finalists. That's Right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course, we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it. And be sure to go watch Wicked in theaters starting November 22nd. Listen to Last Cultist on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.