
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


In Mississippi. Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there Or more. A forgotten asylum. Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety. Something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yasu Clay. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out. Long LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building, Man.


David Banner. How you Feeling brother? Man, I'm feeling so good. Good to see you, man. I'm floating dog up. I like to hear that to you, man. It's good. It's good. What's been going on Brother man so much. First of all, I wanna say thank you to you all. There's a lot of amazing things. There are a lot of things that are changing in my life. I'm making a whole lot of money. Been doing that. That's a great thing. No, it's different now. I don even lie to you though. You know what I'm talking about? I just shook your pockets down. You know what I'm talking about? 400,000 fell out this man's pocket. Man. All that's just changed. That's just changed. No, man. But, but, but the thing is, man, I I wanted to thank y'all because a lot of times we invest our time and you all have built a certain crowd and a certain rapport with people and to give it to me, you know, there was a conversation that me and Charlemagne had off, off camera.


I called him before the first time I came to the show And I was like, bro, I I am really serious about the liberation of my black people, of black people, man. And it means a lot to me. And we had a very, very in depth conversation. You remember that conversation? Absolutely. And like, our relationship has grown since then. Bro. I was even talking about you introducing me to your family, bro. You remember we had dinner, you brought your family so I can meet 'em. That kind of stuff matters to me, man. And you know, a lot of rappers don't get the opportunity to grow. It was funny. BET said something to me when 1 0 6 and Park was still on tv. They said, David Banner, you are one of the few or only artists that talks about anything of substance.


They said the ratings might not go up. They said, but they don't drop. And we have never seen that. So for you all to give me the opportunity to grow and turn into, you know, this, this, this thing, because you know, this is sort of sad. But Prince died. And, you know, as, as much as that hurts me, it did open up the opportunity for me to be the sext motherfucker on this planet. And it has happened. And The Breakfast Club has allowed me to slide into that place. Don't you start wearing the mask lgs. Now, now Was this the energy homegirl fought on that NAACP red carpet? That was the sexy ever energy you tell us Lauren, I'm Emini here. I'm not gonna say no name, but one of our producers in here just randomly yelled out something Mississippi.


She's like Mississippi. Mississippi in the building. Mississippi, which ain't even from Mississippi. Yeah, she 50. Yeah. Never heard her do that ever In life. Well, she said in the building That could be literal. No, they said yeah. Yes. Oh, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But I let, lemme say, lemme lemme tell you something about that. I I I do want to clear this up though, is that people think that I'm joking about my ab admiration for black women. Mm. I'm dead serious. And what some people are uncomfortable with, they're not used to a black man giving admiration. And I don't want anything from you just because I think that you're beautiful. Just because I speak about, you know, how I feel about the black woman in general. I don't want anything from you. But, but, but to let you know how I feel.


And sometimes we don't believe in ourselves and it's hard to really think that there is a man that really, really feels that way without it having some type of game connected to it. 'cause bro, I'll say this, and nobody ever noticed this since I've been in college, SGA president at Southern University, I've consistently, for the most part, outside of my actual art, been the same man. Mm. Consistently. I have never sold our people out. I've never done anything flaw. And it's like, you know, when, when, when, when we do something, they, they either try to make a joke of it or, or, or poke. You know, when, when they, when I came out and say I'm ready to be married. You know, people found a way to poke at that.


I thought you said, you know, not having any diseases, not whooping on nobody raping nobody, not having 4,000 kids. I thought that was amazing and awesome, you know, so for for me, I am again grateful. I do want to tell you something though, bro. You did something that you'll forever have an ally. I spent close to a million dollars on the presentation of the God box. I told black people about streaming. Not everybody's coming back saying that me, Snoop Prince ti was right When we told folks about how stupid the concept of streaming was. Right? Everybody ran towards that.


One of the reasons why the God box wasn't as successful at the time. 'cause I wouldn't let him stream it because I had just gotten to the point where I got $9 a album. Imagine that g you go from having dollars and cents to micro pennies. Things that you can't even calculate, right? And bro, you stood up in front of The World and told people that you believe that the God box was one of the best hip hop albums of all times, bro. And you didn't have to do that. It was though you put your butt. But still, but still, you know, and, And I know how much you fight for it. 'cause I see what you done for me, Mike. Everybody, you get the opportunity to you being from the South, you get, you put us in positions that we normally are not in, bro.


And what people didn't understand is every time that I do hip hop, every time that I do what people say that we should do, I lose money. Wow. When I stay, you know, doing the stuff that America wants, young black men or black men to do in general, I stay getting bread. But you gotta think about crooked letters. Men ninth won this album, death of a Emini here, the Death of a Pop Star, the God box, bro. I done spit almost $2 million of my own money bringing what we call real hip hop out. And people just talk about it. And bro, you put your career on the line And I will never ever, ever, my brother.


And usually we only hear the negative shit, Don. That's right. That's right. But as a man, bro, I was paying my own money, billboards, everything that you've seen for David Banner for the last 15 years, that's my bread. That's why you might see me out in the streets picking up flies. No, I'm dead serious. They might spend money on this. That's my money. You feel me? So I like to thank y'all, you know, as a whole. And I appreciate it. All Of you. You said something just now that I, I stress all the time. If you want black people to do a certain thing, when they do it, you got to support it. Yeah. And I, you know, these Lamborghinis and Ferrari's cost a little. I need my bread. Now you, You talked about it because I did see people getting on you about this. Why, why now? At the age of 50, do you think you ready to settle down?


All right, pee this now this lemme pull off my glasses for this one so we can, we can dig this right now. Alright. So people talk about love languages, right? I told a young lady this and it, it, it shocked her. I said, what are your, what are your main love languages? What do you see and want out of a man? She said, I want him to be successful And I want him to spend time. How? How I'm a fucking activist, a top tier producer, a top tier rapper, actor. I do more than most people do in their one career in my five or four or five careers. When do I have time?


If you want me to be successful, when in the fuck do I have time? People ever know people didn't notice my 10 year run. Think about this dude. When I wasn't putting out like a pimp, I was producing Wayne or Chris Brown or Maroon Five or Quincy Jones. Quincy Jones. I did that. Okay. Yes. Okay. Me and Warren Campbell. Yep. Yep. Or, or I was acting people forget Black Snake Moan. It's funny. They think that I'm just starting this. I've been, I done 38 films or television shows, right? One of the top people on the speaking circuit. Right? When do I have time? So then if I were to get a wife, right, she'll be at home, I would be an absent provider.


And then people would talk about I didn't raise my kids or didn't have time with my wife. We have to choose what it is we wanna do. And then I'm successful at it. I won. So, and then the other thing that I I always wonder is why do grown people care about Can I, can I curse? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just, I try, you know what I'm saying? Because I go over there sometimes who I'm fucking, I'm grown. And then they don't say nothing about them. White folks who had wives of kids. That's right. 38,000 children s That's right. We don't say that, bro. I did what people said was the honorable thing to do. So we keep thinking that we winning. Look at the shit that we say about good people.


You'll make me not wanna fuck with you no more. You tell kids what to do and what the right thing to do and then they do the right thing and you still talk shit. That's why I tell these rappers do what the fuck you wanna do. 'cause people are gonna criticize you regardless of what you do. That's right. No matter how good you are, bro. You ain't never heard nothing negative besides, besides me getting in a fight with them cops. That's the only thing. And when I, when that happened, I was protecting black people. So we act like we're winning. We act like we got all of these leaders. And then when you do have the people that do the right thing, that's how you do them. I, I was, there was this documentary last night that I went to being first on the call sheet.


Yep. Right. And I was watching Denzel's portrayal of Malcolm X. Right. And it hit me. And it hit me, bro. 'cause I was thinking about like how many Malcolms, you know, how many Betty Shabazz's we have in current time? And we always talk about Marcus Garvey and Martin Luther King. But there's people that are like them to this day. I'll give you a great example. As much as people revere Killer Mike, you And I know how long Killer Mike has been doing this. That's right. That's right. We know that most black people don't even know his real group. That's right. They don't even really know why he's popular. That's right. And so the fact that he decides to come back to our community is a blessing. 'cause he probably shouldn't because of the way that we treated him.


I was producing, I produced Mike on the what, his first mix tape or the second mix tape. Right. So I watched how hard he worked and he had to go to another community. And bro, that's happening to me now. Like I I, I had one of my mentors, bro, he told me, he said, better you always getting in a position of power and then you throw it all away for your people and then you have to go somewhere else and build it all the way back up to come back and give it back again. And people are not really being reciprocal. I do what I do by the grace of God And I do what I do because I truly, truly love my people. But what I am not is stupid. So to answer your question really quickly is that I I I have a library, extensive library.


And I write in the pages of my books to my unborn children. I tell them right now, I love you And I don't even know you. I love you so much that I couldn't pick my mother and father. You couldn't pick your mother and father. But I can pick yours. Ooh. So I will make sure that I do that with honor. I will make sure that I will take my time. 'cause right now, the only thing that I'm focused on, bro, you know where we from. That's right. Dog. I'm from Mississippi. There's no way in the fuck I supposed to be here. I be time. So the thing, if you notice, man And I, all of us in here are successful in a way that most people are not. Every story that you read of substance, whether it's in the Quran or the Bible or the Torah, is really about what you are willing to sacrifice.


I wanted seven children. I wanted a few rappers. I want to be married. But usually if you want something that bad, you have to sacrifice. Mm. That other thing that you wanted the most. But the cool thing is, when I do find her, she don't have to want for shit. My kids won't have to. I'd be able to go to they football games. I'd be able to take years out to make sure that they all right. So I just hate what people say. 'cause I love black folks so much And I can't act like it Don't bother me envy it does. You know. But why I was gonna ask you, did the marriage conversation bother you? Because it's kind of backwards for people to be upset that 50. Yeah. Why does it, when you're accomplishing, you can devote that time. They're like, bro, so you done ran through like they made it almost like a, they made it not almost, they made it a negative thing they did for you to say, I'm ready now because I can devote the time and energy.


How did that make you feel Though? And I'm doing superhero movies. Like, how you gonna be out here? You 50, you 50, you 50. Y'all know that Don't work with my job. You fucking with my money. Why are you doing that? Because I Look sweetheart, do me a favor. I know you used to gazing Immortals close your eyes on open them. It's about the closest you're gonna get to God. Mm. Okay. That Happened. Yep. So inside saying that, I'm feeling the carpet vibes. I get it. It's not a carpet, it doesn't stop baby. But I think, but I think with, with you, people are so used to like people saying things for clickbait or like whatever, which hasn't ever been you, I don't know how people confuse that because I feel the energy like you, you mean what you're saying.


But that's what I'm saying. Since I've been in college at Southern, I have stood for the same thing. That's right. You've never seen no flaw in me. I'm not saying that I won't make a mistake. I Actually think you don't, you don't speak enough. I want, I want, I want Bannon. I've always wanted Bannon to be out there more. Well the reason why is 'cause that just killed my ass. Like, like the real truth is, And I and Charlamagne, I know you understand this because we have a personal relationship, bro. Now ain't the time to be talking. We are at War, middle War And I didn't come here for that. I'm, I'm gonna stay on family business just so y'all know. But we're at Middle War. You can't name a outwardly strong vocal black man in the last three years. And, and and, and, and I've been very sick.


That was the reason why I took time off. I had gotten sick. I think God set me down, bro. Because if I would've been in the banner that y'all know in love, they would've killed me. I'm for sure it Emini here. We we know, they, we no, no Coin Tell Pro really existed. That's right. You can go and get it in the files. The, the United States government will send it to you what they did to us. So we think that those people and those things don't exist. Shit. It's stronger now. Especially with social media. And so love what, what I'll tell you is to get that from the people that you fight for and love. Do you know how bad that hurts? Go And look at the, the last picture that you seen a pop. Look at that. Look in his eyes. Look at Malcolm X, his last picture.


Look at Martin that got this look like, damn. Yeah. That's what we get from us. I expect that from them. But to, to get it from the people that you care about, you fight for and that you, that you really, really, 'cause I could be in much better places if I would shut my motherfucking mouth. But it's hard for me to be in this position of power and not speak for my people. Not stand for my people. But what I'm not gonna be no more is broke. I'm putting me first for I do anything. So the reason why I don't talk more, bro, is because I've talked about the same thing for the last 15 years. And we haven't done anything. If you really think about it, whether it's Elijah Muhammad, whether it's, it's, it's, it's Malcolm, for the most part.


Get your own shit. Shop with your own people. Believe and love yourself. Grow your own food. It's not the hate of white people. It's not. Because that's something that I haven't said. I I, I wasn't gonna say it, but I will say it. So y'all have something exclusively for you. All I love and exclusive is I, I honestly don't even hate or have a problem with white folks no more. And I tell you why. I learned that there's a finite amount of energy in the universe, right? And so if whatever you spend your energy on, you only have so much, right? So if I only have a hundred percent and most of my life is spent on talking about how they have oppressed us, what they've done to us, then 50% of your energy is gone.


That, that could be, that could be used for attraction of love and money and, and, and knowledge and information. What I know now is I know what they've done to us. So it's like if they, if if you go and kiss a rattlesnake, would you be mad that that rattlesnake bit you in the mouth? No, it's a rattlesnake because you know better. So if you know historically what they have done to you, why would you keep going over there? Stupid. Right? So what I do now is I understand who and what I am dealing with. And now I I I concentrate on love and attraction and building what I want to see for my people. Because the powerful thing about the, I always talk about this, the powerful thing about the Black Panthers.


People thought it was the black fist and the Afros. It wasn't, it was food. That's right. Breakfast program. It was, they, they took care of people's children. And then on top of that, I look awesome. I remember we was speaking 50 for sure. Nick, wait, do you feel like the pushback came mostly from women or men on the marriage conversation? I never heard anything from men. I'm, I, I actually have to say that something happened recently that I don't wanna talk about. And black men stood up for me. They really, really stood up for me. Like, like my family called me and said, man, go look in the comments, bro. Like black men are saying, like he the, he the one that always stands up. He was the one that was at Katrina. He was the one that when this happening, that why we doing this to him?


You know? And, and what I'll say about the black woman is that my resurgence is because of the black woman and their love and admiration for me. And usually it's just one person. See, we don't read the comments. T Payne taught me this. Like, and that's somebody that I have love and admiration for. He is one of the premier people in our culture. Absolutely. And we should treat him better. Absolutely. I just wanna say that, shout out to Ali Sadique too. One of my favorite comedians on in the whole wide planet. Bro, that's my homie. That, that we should just make sure that we, we we do better with treating each other, you know, and respecting each other.


And a black woman has done that for me, it's just a lot of loud negative voices. It's one or two people. And what I will say is, is you know, black women will tell somebody ass up about their David Banner And I just have to find a way to group those people together. And I've started a company called the Banner Vision. My, my movie company. We're about to do sci-fi movies and I'm really, really excited about it. And it's funny because I want to do a movie that's similar to Love Jones. And the people, people would say, David Banner, I thought you were doing sci-fi. I said, well isn't black love in the media right now science fiction? Because we damn sure don't see it.


That's my wife's favorite movie. You know, love Jones and Color Pro. And I really want to do it with Jill Scott. Woo. Because like, I want a different body type. I want a different type of sexy. Jill Scott is sexy, beautiful in a way that beautiful. Oh my gosh. Just like miss. She's all aura. Even. And it's funny we just talked about Mississippi and Philly before we came on. That is true. Like she, she from Philly, but she got that Mississippi. Oh. And you know, just on, just on the low. I don't know, I, I should see if she want me to talk about it too late. I'm actually helping her with her album right now. That's all I can say right now. Well that's dope. Jill Scott. And it has been one of the most eyeopening.


'cause I only really produce, you know what I'm saying? People that I love or care for or like young artists that I really believe in. Music has taken a lot away from my spirit. So Why good or bad? It's the business of it. And, and because we have gone in streaming, it's forcing the more talented people out. Because as a businessman, it don't make no sense for me to spend all the money that I spend. Most people don't spend money on music. Watch this. I want you to really think about this. This is crazy. Hold on. Ready? Alright, here we go. They have taken away American society and we have allowed them to do this. Have taken away any hustle that we can do in becoming a millionaire or a billionaire in a lifetime.


Me, me and dub ball talk about that all the time, especially when you're black Music, right? They tried to take away movies, but they were still making a lot of money off of that. So they didn't, because think about this as much as they, they, they went to war about movies. They had just done the same thing to music. They had just taken all of the money. They take it, they took the foundation, they put AI on top of it. And they were trying to do the same thing to music. Emini here, movies and white folks like, nah, we still making a lot of money. Y'all can't do that to us yet. Dope. And I'm not saying to sell dope, but anything that we could do to make money and catch up with them, they've taken away from, they have taken it away from us. And we run right behind them and let 'em do it every time.


Family business, new Orleans is on BET plus. It's very important for you to watch. My name is David Vanner. You know, I forgot what we was talking at that one time. But you, you say this constantly and I'm paraphrasing. Yeah. If you want me to be me, you gotta support me. Charlamagne. You hit me bro. You hit me with that one. 'cause I actually feel that with my own team. It's like I'm a force to be dealt with, bro. I have that, that same energy of, of a Muhammad Ali. Like, I want to be free. I don't, I don't wanna start stuff with people, but I wanna be able to speak freely. And the only way that I can speak freely is either I got a lot of bread or the people are really, really behind me.


The, the, the real truth. And we want to admit this, bro. You know, folks are, or walk away from me bro. When I was sick and you knew about it, bro, didn't nobody come see me? I was up in the north Georgia, Georgia Mountains by myself and people left me up there. And I think God allowed me to be in that valley to really see that not even what you perceive as being positive is, is before God. The movement ain't before God. Helping black people ain't before God. So let me sit, sit you out here and show you what this feel like alone. And the crazy thing, y'all, they still didn't find out what was wrong with me. Like I got hold of my blood pressure, my cholesterol, all of those things. Sleep apnea, all of those things.


And they still don't know. So God was like, okay, put something before me again. Mm. So I'm putting nothing before me. And now, And I say this especially to you all love, please listen to me. I'm very serious about this. I'm listening. What I found out in my valley is people treat you exactly how you treat yourself. Right. I was being a martyr. So all black people brought me was death. My son got killed. This happened. The police did this. When I became about opulence. Now people bring me money. If people know, like when Erykah Badu walk in the room, I don't care who it is, it could be the nigga's nigga from Ndom. Ooh.


He stand up straight 'cause she treats herself. She has a standard for herself. Whether it's the way that she eats. That's right. Whether it's the way that she thinks. I saw Erika do something that was so powerful. One time she, I believe she pulled the, the vibrations. She did the vibrations to get all the negative energy. Whoever came before her, let me clear out the whole stadium. She played positive vibrations, high level vibrations. She said, let me clear this shit out before I get started. And so like man, for me, you see we Got our overlooking in the room right there in the middle, in the center. Yeah. Right There. Yeah. And y'all get ready man. Y'all might as well go ahead and give me a whole section on the wall. I'm about to tell that motherfucking mouth out.


Watch when y'all see what's under here. When I decide to, to show my abs and my chest, I'm gonna come up here just for that. It ain't gonna be for nothing else. You can see one peek Emini here. Sure. If you Gonna show us. Are you sure? You know, you know what was funny when you was like, I want you to listen to this love lord's. Like I'm listening to you. I'm listening. Emini here to me, I just straightened up. I'm listening. Oh, I want you to expound on this too. You said I saw you in the interview. You said black people don't take care of our og. So you don't want to be a OG in the black community. Yeah. Because we don't take care of our elders. We don't take care of our leaders. Yeah. I I I tend to agree with you, my brother. Yeah, It's well, But you can't help it if you an OG be at regard.


I saw that and said, well what else you gonna be? 'cause you, you there for a Lot of people. Well, the thing is, is that it's cool, but I'm telling you that I don't want it. So you can get that energy to somebody else. Don't gimme my flowers. You can keep your fucking flowers. I can't spend or eat flowers. I want your money and your attention. I want the same thing. You give white people. Thank gimme your money and attention. If you not giving me that, I'm not an og. I said this in that same interview. I was, I was, I was, I was debating one time and I said, do you all do black people think I'm the antithesis of Trump? Mm. And they said yes. I do the opposite. Right. Okay, well then that means I should have as much money from the black community as Trump gets from the white community if you love me that way.


But we, we say one thing and do the do the do the other. Oh, we want positive music. But you don't pay for positive music. Oh, we want a leader, but you don't take care of your leaders. And that same clip, it was crazy. I don't know if you saw this. It went sort of viral. They put that part where they said, I don't wanna be an og. I don wanna be an og 'cause you don't take care of your eldest. Then they cut to, I believe Malcolm X's daughter. And somebody asked her, do you think that the black community took care of your family? And she said, I don't believe so. Mm. So why would I want to be something? Why would our kids want to be a king when we allowed the other one to get killed? Kids don't. That's one of the reasons why I'm so fly. That's one of the reasons why when, and you know, I'm, I'm whipping the Ferrari and I'm, I I'm whipping the Lamborghinis on purpose.


Because when kids usually see somebody conscious, they broke, I don't wanna fucking be broke. Why? We don't have to. We give everybody else our disposable money. Even if every black person gave I this was so this is something I'm gonna try. Me and you, we gonna talk about this. Think about how powerful this show is. Right? And I say, here go my cash app. My name is David Banner. I wanna shoot a $7 million movie. Let's raise the money right now on The Breakfast Club right now. Here go my cash app. I ain't fucking gotta go through nobody else. I'm going to the fucking people. That's true power. But are we willing to really do that? Because most of it comes from self hate.


I don't believe that I'm shit. So how dare David Banner call himself a god? Mm. How, how dare David Banner look. That fucking good that you know what I'm saying? My wife and my daughter and all the women around me really want to have as much sex with him as they possibly can. But I don't know if it's possible The way you just looked at me. I was like, what is happening right now? You sweating man here. I'm not sweating. I just, it was the intentional, the intentional look. It was a piercing look. I'm like you stuttering. You know what you're doing, you stuttering. Wait. But but doesn't that feel, but doesn't that feel good though? Seriously? Yeah. It's very intentional thinking about it's, It's intentional. And what I, what I would want to do, maybe I am sweating. I don You all sweat. Just ta just pat, pat, Pat you are.


I think I'm glowing, but that's a whole nother conversation. Okay. On another note, she's single too. She went to A-H-B-C-U. She's Emmy. Can we, can we not? Let's go Back. What's HBCU you went to? Why you taking you Gig? Ready? She why you giggling? Why you a young girl? She jacked up like that. She went to Delaware estate. She got a degree. She's very bright. Has her own, she already invested in real estate. Got a couple of properties. Enjoy yourself. Thank you. Gonna make it harder putting that on S That I So listen, I'm very honest with you. Serious. I'm, I'm, I'm very intelligent. She's a go-getter. Me relax. I'm gonna tell y'all something.


She's not a square she party. She get dressed. So I I I put cologne here, put cologne here. I put cologne here and here so that when somebody hugs me that it can go, they put their nose right there. Yeah. Smell it. You know what I'm saying? When I shake somebody's hand, I learned this when I was at Southern in business class that everybody has a 4.0. So at the time that's when they put resumes on paper. Sometimes the quality of the paper is the difference between you getting that job or not. I remember my ex-girlfriend told me, she said, you know why I called you back? I said, why? She said, 'cause I smelt your black ass for the rest of the night. I could not. I took baths And I could not wipe your scent off of me.


Man. Like a pimp is more than a record. Huh? Think all the songs right man, what is This scent? No, don't worry about it. Scent. Actually I combine scents now 'cause I don't wanna smell like anybody else. Okay. So depending on where I go and what time of day it is like one of the things that y'all, And I, I really need y'all to watch this. I'm gonna bring masculinity. Don't, You might wave this in away stop. Don't. Okay, my bad. I'm gonna bring masculinity back to high fashion. I'm gonna bring masculinity back. 'cause sometimes people make us feel like being what what God made you be is oppressive to somebody else. It's not just because I love black people don't mean I hate white folks. Just because I love being a man and love being honorable don't mean that I'm taking any space from anybody else who don't feel the same.


So for me, all of this stuff that I do is intentional. Mm. You know, I want to be like when I told you I'm making sci-fi movies, I want to be a superhero for my people. And instead of what most black people I see who are actors do, I don't wanna take it away from the community. And that's what family business helped me do. I came family business blessed me to be able to get my like of pimp fans back without compromising my spirit. So I'm about to gather all the black folks up and I'm taking 'em with me. What made You think you lost them though? Well, because I don't, I don't say I lost them, but what I can say is that I, I didn't make enough material that would bring me back in a way that was familiar to them.


Got you. Got you, got you. Because it was hard. Like this is the real truth and we gotta be honest with each other. I make fight music better than just about anybody on this planet. That's what I'm great at. Spiritual music and fight music. That's your ancestors Miss Mississippi. What? That's what I love and I'm actually great at it. And it's almost like a wizard because I bet you nobody ever noticed this. There was I hardly ever a fight at any David Banner show and people didn't notice as violent as my music was because I wielded that power response responsible. I'm might get your jaw broke and right when I Charlemagne tha God here. And


I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit stars original series Raising Canaan is coming back The new season of the Family crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Stark originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted sun into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss. Watch the new season of Raising Canaan only on Stars and the Stars app.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with future health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


There's a type of soil in Mississippi called Yazoo clay. It's thick, burnt orange and it's got a reputation. It's terrible, terrible dirt. Yazoo clay eats everything. So things that get buried there tend to stay buried until they're not. In 2012, construction crews at Mississippi's biggest hospital made a shocking discovery. 7,000 bodies out there or More all former patients of the old state asylum and nobody knew they were there. It was my family's mystery. But in this corner of the south, it's not just the soil that keeps secrets. Nobody Talks about it. Nobody has any information. When you peel back the layers of Mississippi's, Yazoo, clay, nothing's ever as simple as you think. The story Is much more complicated and nuanced than that. I'm Larson Campbell. Listen to Under Yasu Clay on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast


Felt that spirit where somebody was about to get their fucking head bus Cadillac on 22. Calm your black ass down again. Mood or some shit like that. You know what I'm saying? And I believe great DJs do the same thing. Be honest with me bro. You can feel it. Yeah, of course You can feel rightful mother motherfucker about to get pregnant. Absolutely. Right before they about to get their head bust. Absolutely. And if you are a responsible person right before a motherfucker about to get cut, you'll move to something else if you care To the ladies. Right? Absolutely. Do you feel like your intention and like your commitment to like black people in the black community who you keep saying like the love waivers, I know you dealt with like mental health things and you talked about like no one's immune to mental health issues.


Do you feel like you're want to serve a community that you never get to that goalpost? Like is do you feel like that fucks with you? Like that fucks with the mental health? Alright, do me a favor. Ask. Ask the question for me in one sentence so I can, so I can I I can give you the answer in the proper way. Do you feel like your love and commitment to the black community affects your, your mental health? Hell Yeah. Affects my money, affects my relationships. I was, I was, I fell in love once with a woman that wasn't a hundred percent black, but she didn't look black and Dr. Huma would not have approved.


And, but I'm not that, that part I don't worry about because we live our lives for other people. Only thing I give a fuck about is being happy. You know what I'm saying? We live our lives for outside people. But you know, and to be honest with you, I probably should have stayed with her. I would've been a lot happier, but I cared too much about the perception of what my people thought. And I shouldn't have done that. I should have just did what was best for me. Is that what taught you that lesson? Did not care about what people think so much? Well that and the fact that, you know, like after Katrina, as much work as I did, people left me alone. I was almost broke. You know, people didn't realize like I had played during that time.


I had the number one rap single And I never go back and look, I never ever promoted my album. 'cause one thing I didn't want to do is ever make people, I didn't ever want people to think that I was using the movement to make money. Right? So I never cross collateralized when I talked about if I came to talk about the people, I talked about the people, if I came to get money, I came to get money. And what I even found out is a lot of my rapper friends would push me up there so I could do it and lose my career. And they went and got money. You know what I'm saying? How hurtful Was that? 'cause IIII heard you mention money a lot, right? And you sacrificed a lot of money By $12 million. I counted It. And you feel like people didn't come and help you.


People didn't come and, and, and protect you like they should have. 'cause I, I hear it in your voice so much like you feel like you sacrificed this, but at one point it seemed like damn I had to struggle. I was fucked up and nobody helped me. Is is that what I'm hearing from David Ben? Not no more. 'cause God got me in Not no more, but Before God had got, God got me in the way And all of those pain is nothing but to push you in the right direction. That's all it is. And again, my blessings don't come from man, they come through man, but they come from God. So like yeah, it hurt me because even think about this, I just learned this concept. Watch this. When we bless somebody right? Our ego leads us to want to get that blessing back from them.


Specifically from them. But if they had the power to do that, they wouldn't have needed your blessing blessings in the first fucking place. That's right. So the thing is, I don't even want my blessings back to the, from the people that I get it from. 'cause it blocks God's ability to give it to me. So like, I'll give you a great example. They coulda gave me the money back, but there's not too many artists that comes from the generation that I come from that would even garner the respect of your fans. For me to be on this fucking platform. Think about my homies that came up that sold so many millions of records more than I did. They can't even come up here. Even if you wanted them to come, God blessed me to actually even still be here.


So all of those things, think about that. When I did what I did for Katrina, that made me bigger than a rapper. It may have not manifested in money, but it did manifest in grace and protection. Mm. When I lived, there's a certain city that I lived in that when I left that city, I realized the type of motherfuckers that I was around. And I didn't know they was that level of, they was real killers and they kept me away from all of that because they respected what I did as a man, you can't buy that shit. You can't get honor bro. You can't get respect bro. That's what I love so much about Nipsey. As much as he was about his money honor, you knew him.


Rest in peace. Absolute honor was first bro. Great brother. Honor was first. So as much as envy as it did hurt me, look at the man that I am right now. I wouldn't have been who I am right now. Like my, my my my my Asian naturopathic healer. He told me something. He said your ability to love, to love is in direct proportion to how much pain you have experienced. So the deeper and the more you've been hurt, the more capacity you have to love. But our ego makes us not want to love because we have been hurt. But actually that's like us saying, I don't want my arms to hurt. That's why I'm doing this extra set.


That's right. Right. No, we gotta make, it has to hurt and envy. If they knew how to treat themselves, the nine times outta 10, they would know how to treat me. And if they knew how to treat me, they wouldn't need us. You preaching my brother. That's why I always say I don't, I don't judge anybody based off how they, I know God's not gonna judge me based off how other people treat me. He's gonna judge me based off how I treat people. That's a bar. That's it. Who Was, who was leading your team and stuff around the time when you were doing all the Katrina stuff? 'cause you didn't have people in your ear like you should be promoting the music and like what was your pushback to them at that Time? Well, no Emini, here I am such, this is the crazy thing about me is that people are afraid of me. And I didn't know how afraid people were of me because the thing is, bro, if I hadn't put my hand around your neck, why you worried about it?


You know? And so I think a lot of people are afraid to, to tell me a lot of things. And I always say that, let me know. Just tell me Emini here, I'm a big old bear. But if you say it to me and I know that it's good, like we done had a couple of calls, well we done talked about it. Hey bro, you might not need to do this. I remember I was going on CNN and a friend of mine who works at Apple, he called me And I told him what I was about to say on CNN if I would've said what I said I would've probably had the biggest standing ovation in history from black people. But it would've been the last time I would've been on public tv. Yeah. It, I'd have been done. And he said, banner, we need you for the long run.


We don't need you for short term. So as much as you want to get on there and say it. Yeah, you done if you do it. So, and you've always Been like that. You've always been the president who say, man, y'all, we talking too fucking much. Stop talking so fucking Much. Yeah. Let's, let's, let's, let's build schools, let's let's shoot the movie. Like that's where I'm at now. You know, and it it, it's funny. SLO wrote a song and he put my name in it. 'cause I told slo SLO called me one time. He was like, Ben, I'm ready to get back on the front line. Shit better stay your ass in Vegas and get that damn bread. You can send some money to the front line. But like, and he that that was the name of the song. The goodie myself front line. Yeah. David Barry told me, you know what I'm saying? I told him like, bro, no, we the only people that put our generals on the front line.


I don don't don't nobody in the army. You can't even speak to a general, you know what I'm saying? So, so for me, love to be honest with you, I I had, I had a great team And I had great people but I'm so driven sometimes that people are afraid to just tell me to sit my ass down somewhere. And too, a lot of that came from fear. Mm. I'm grown enough and been through enough therapy now to say that the David Banner that I am now, I would beat the living shit out of the old David Banner. 'cause if you think about a kung fu master or or or a martial arts master, you barely ever see them mad. What the fuck? They gotta get mad for. Mad, mad. Being angry is ignorance. 'cause if I know how to snap your neck, I can snap your fucking neck and it's over with.


Keep it moving. I'm not talking a whole bunch of shit. You know, I, I want to talk, you talk about therapy, you know, I love therapy. I, you know, I love just being on a journey of healing. And I saw you say you had to overcome some mental health issues and physically you've always pretty much kept yourself together. What made you realize you had to get it together mentally and emotionally? Bro, this last time I, I went through it dog. It was the first time in my life that I thought that I may not come out of it. Mm. Like I've been through a lot dog. People don't understand about people. These kids say they want to be famous, but imagine coming from the streets and where we from.


Like we don't, we don't allow people in like, y'all know this. I didn't smile the first fucking two years of my career. The Mississippi, the album days. Fuck you. We don't smile where we from y'all. I gotta tell you, this really happened to me. So I'm 10 years old. I walk in the house, I'm playful. My dad said come here. He said, what the fuck you smiling for? Dang. I said, huh? He said, I pay all the bills And I ain't happy. What the fuck you happy for? Damn. And I don't think I smiled again until I was 21. Jesus. Like Jackson, Mississippi was the murder capital of the United States when I was growing up. It's just that we was in the south. So we, we didn't get the sexy looks and that ain't the thing to be proud of.


But it it, it took me a while to understand that my happiness is my freedom. Like that's the reason why I correct people Now. I'm not gonna let nobody around me who not happy. I don't want people around me that's, that's not getting it, that don't have the same type of draw. 'cause you have energy vampires. But bro, what I realize is that if I didn't get on top of it, there's a book that I read that they said that your mind is like a garden, but the weeds just like a garden grow faster than the fruit. That's right. So every day I gotta put a new thought in my head. I have to read something, I have to stay on it because it's just so much negativity man.


And then I realized that I didn't like myself. You know, I was hard, too hard on myself. I didn't give myself grace. And this dude told me one time, he said, God has forgiven you. Why haven't you forgiven yourself? Hmm. So I forgave myself for the things that I did man. And I really love, no lie, I started loving me. This may sound sound strange, but I date myself now I date myself. I take care of myself. That was the reason why I went and bought the cars and all that kind of stuff. Think about all the money that I made And I ain't had shit. Everybody else that didn't walk work a quarter of how hard I worked had all this shit. My, my my third in command had more cars and shit than I did.


Not that it's about cars, but I just realized that I was doing for everybody else and not me. The government was coming. So once I started loving myself, charlamagne And I realized that if I didn't get control of it, that I would be in a place forever. 'cause think about this bro. You can even be in a jail cell, you can be at war, but know that you maybe could get home if you hate yourself and your mind is the prison bro. That's really hell. I gotta get up out that motherfucker. And I'm not playing with nobody. I don't care if it's my mother, my cousin, anybody who fucks with my mental health or my wellbeing.


I gotta get at you. What led you to therapy? My mentor David Moody. He owns one of the most successful black construction companies in the United States. And I had, I had a mentor who was actually a woman and she came to me one day and she was like, I can't do nothing with you no more. And I was like, what? And she said, you need a black man in your life. And so this right after my dad died, she introduced me to Mr. Moody and it was crazy. We went and ate at a stakes spot in Atlanta and LL Cool J was in there. And so Mr. Moody was like, I love LL Cool J.


And I was like, lemme go get ll get, get him an autograph. Like I know ll And I ain't know ll for shit. And I walked out and said, what's up? LL hoping that he knew me and he was like, Bella. I was like, yes. I was like, do would you come take a picture for me? He took the picture and then Mr. Moody became my mentor and he was really open to me. And it's funny, I was talking to my publicity team and this is something that I wanna say and y'all tell me if it's the same with y'all. I didn't talk to my homeboys about the shit that was going on with me. Like, I just recently had a conversation with my friends about anxiety. I'm like, dude, I'm been in the streets. Tough, tough. Why in the fuck am I having anxiety about shit? That's not life threatening, been dealing with it my whole life.


It made me feel soft. I'm like, what the fuck am I tripping for? I was on a really big show recently and had a fucking anxiety attack me dog. I'm like, what? So I can't tell y'all. They gonna be looking for it. They gonna be looking for it. No, but I had a straight out fucking anxiety attack. But then I realized how important it was for me to have a better team because I was doing too much shit, bro. You know? And I wasn't talking to my friends. And Mr. Moody said, they not your friends if you can't talk to 'em, because in the streets in Jackson, you don't trust nobody. I don't care who it is. So I had always been, I had always been taught to not talk about it and just hold it all in.


And y'all, this is very personal. My cortisol levels was so high that it was eating my body up. Mm. Like that's how stressed, stressed I was, man. And it was killing me. Mm. And so Mr. Moody said, just talk to your friends. And I called up my five tightest homeboys. And it was crazy 'cause it was like they were waiting on me to talk. I was like my toughest homeboy, one of my toughest homeboys, he from Tulsa, Oklahoma. I called him. I was like a B bro. Have you ever had an anxiety attack? He was like, fuck yeah. And like now we talk and it's crazy 'cause everybody trip, I be on the phone with my homeboy. I love you dog. I love you with all my heart, bro. I'm gonna talk to you later. 'cause we don't know if they gonna live. You know what I'm saying?


Bro? So I I, I had to do it, man. And because I'm, you know, outwardly tougher than most people, I can say stuff to these children that most people are scared to say. Like, I can say I had an anxiety type that won't stop me from choking you. You know what I'm saying? That won't stop me from putting these legal firearms, firearms. But no man, I, I'm grateful to God though. 'cause think about it, that now draws us closer. That's right. I'll tell y'all this, this happened to me, me, it was like either the bass player or the guitar player from Earth, wind and Fire. He said he changed his religion because of of the God box. Mm. That album. Mm. So I thought about it with so much music being out back in the day, we remember what was number eight on Michael Jackson's album.


Now it's so much music. We don't, but think about it. If you are the person that helped someone to become conscious, they'll never forget you for the rest of their life. Bro. You helping me with that album, bro? I will never ever forget you for what you said, bro. This man got on TV when, when you and Joe Buttons was, was was rating the albums and you put the God box on there. That's right. And they took it off. 'cause Joe Buttons had never listened to it. And I went And I went and confronted them about it. I'm like, dog, like I'm independent, doesn't look whatever. But I will never ever forget you for that. So imagine if I'm the man that allows someone to become conscious, or you, the person that teaches someone to tie their shoe or someone who, who who teaches somebody how to ride a bike.


That transcends all of that. So for me to stand up as a man and say, yeah, y'all, I, I, I'm all of these things, but I'm also not perfect. I don't know if y'all saw that clip. That clip went super viral. This young lady asked, she said, David Banner, you got it so together. And I stopped. I said, no baby, no I don't. I'm a wreck. Yeah. She was like, no. She Couldn't believe it. She was like, no. I was like, yeah baby. And I'm only telling you that I'm a wreck. So that whenever you become a wreck, you know that you can still get up, put on some clothes and keep it moving every day. So when y'all see this, when y'all see me vibrating, when y'all see me talking to shit, it's because I am healed. And I'm gonna do everything that I possibly can to be a consummate example of what a man looks like in America.


And I hope that I make y'all proud. And part of that healing is, is telling your story. 'cause you know, when I first started about dealing with anxiety and depression, I didn't know my father had been dealing with it his whole life. When I started telling my story back in like 2018, my father told me that he was going to therapy two and three times a week. That he tried to commit suicide. That he was on 10 to 12 different medications. But you know, when you're from the south Yeah. They give you what they call crazy pills. Man, take these pills. Take these pills. But imagine if he would've told me that when I was younger. Yeah. I would've known exactly what I was dealing with. So that's why you telling your story is so powerful. Yeah. It it, it is. And family business on BET plus. That's right. Family business. True Street. Right. Now I wanna ask you one more question before you go. Okay. What's more treacherous?


The Music Industry? Hollywood or the streets? I think it's definitely not the streets. I think the streets, you know what it is? It's clear. No, I'm kidding. It's clear. And that's what I, I tell people this all the time. My preference is, is Mississippi white people and they say, why if a Mississippi white person loves you, they will die for you. If a Mississippi person doesn't, white person doesn't like you, they'll try to kill you. Mm. Unlike you living up here next to a white person and working with 'em every day and they smiling in your face and then it's time for you to retire and your pension gone the industry and they've been smiling in your face all the time. At least I know what it is. You know? And I I, the streets, I, and, and it's so funny, man, I I I fell into believing that this con, this construct that we call the Music Industry and the movie industry, that it's any different.


It's no difference. It's, it's oppressive. It's built for you to fail. And that's one of the reasons why like, a lot of people get mad at me. 'cause as a producer, think about it. I probably lost 20, 30 million. I'm one of the top producers And I never put out a artist. And the reason why I never put out artists is 'cause I care about human beings. And I know the game is about throwing 35 people lives on the wall and seamless. And you have to become callous. That's right. In order to do that. That's the reason why hustlers do so, so good in, in the Music Industry because they've done so much on the streets that they've already become callous. So being callous in this shit is easy. You know what I had to do out in front of my grandma house in front of my fucking grandma house.


I had to serve my fucking uncle. And you think I give a fuck about this music shit? That shit easy. I, I care about people. If I fuck with you, Emini here it, one of your friends And I whisper in your ear and tell you who it is. I had to tell him, you might have to rethink our friendship because I'm serious. If I say I fuck with you, Emini here it, so if you come in town, it ain't that. You gotta check in with me. But I wanna see my friend. I'm excited. I really think we homies. I don't throw that shit around, bro. So for, for, for me, I'll say at least you know what the streets are. It it, it is what it is. You know what it is. It ain't personal. Let's keep it moving.


What I do like about the movies is that usually as an actor, if I step on set my check there Hmm. And so it is what it is. I might not get much on the back end until I'm able Togo negotiate at that level. But I know this amount of money I can run with this money and I'm gone. It ain't personal. You know what I'm saying? But what I will say is that I plan on being one of the best actors who ever touched the screen. I'm very serious about black art. I really think, you know, as much as I love music, if people can't see it, people don't understand. One of the reasons why the West Coast popped off the way that they did is because they had hour, a hour and a half long video to go with the music.


When Snoop and them came out, Dre and them came out. What else did they have? Ce to Society Boys in the Hood. So like, they had, they had like, they had all of that. And we really didn't believe that it was that until we saw the movies and then we had the music. Oh shit. For real. 'cause people could say what they want to, they wasn't smoking like that till Snoop came out. Till we saw it on the screen. We was like, yo. And if you think about the south, we still haven't had that one movie. Nope. That properly depicts the south. Nope. If you really think about the south, right. And I always tell, I tell people this, they, they, they use us for cheap labor because we still don't have our Will Smith.


We still don't have our Queen Latifah. We're very close to it. We still don't have our ice cube yet. And as much as we talk stuff until we can cut a check from where we stand, then it's still New York and la. So like, for me, that's what I wanna do. I wanna cut a check. I don't want beg for DEII want to give you the job Emini here. We ain't gotta worry about them. 'cause even in the strike, y'all, And I know they don't want me to talk about this, but how, how dare someone try to take away your whole livelihood, take away your likeness, show you that they want to cut everything, every tie that you have to sustainable, lifelong generational wealth.


They're gonna cut that away from you. And then because they give you some scraps. Now we, okay. Like when Tip, when Tip and Ernestine boycotted Houston's in Atlanta, I still ain't been there. I still, I'm not going back. Once somebody show me what they really, really mean and how they feel about me, I ain't never going back Fuck you for life forever. Until you show me in your efforts over time that you have changed. So for me, y'all like, when do we start identifying? And this is one thing that I wanna say about the kids. This is what I love about the young revolutionaries. They don't talk about the man, the man no Edward Jenkins, who lives at 1 56 solid street.


And Mark said, yeah, let's go get that motherfucker. Let's talk about this board member. Let's specifically go to his fucking house. That's revolutionary. That's the shit that we should do. Family business, new Orleans. Let's get outta here. Say something about family business. Seen Business. I've seen it. It was you're good, you're great in it. Oh yeah, Lela Rashan as like, I love her. Love the dynamic. But I wanted, because when I watched that, And I know before you talked about loving, acting so much shit that almost made you leave music, you not thinking about doing that again. Right? I just stepped away from music. I, I'm almost to the point financially, I'm very close. Well, I wanna get back to making music. Like when we made it in high school, like I can put out music and it don't really matter.


Okay. Like I can, I can just do it from a very pure place. I spend a lot, I still mix and master. I still pay artists, I still pay the bass players. So like, music is expensive to make and black people give their money to tech companies. They don't give it to the artists. That's so stupid to me. People who don't even care about music, this is not a shot at any one particular company. As a matter of fact, I'm not gonna say their name, I'm gonna be smarter. But this one particular company that we give all our money to, right? Music is the last thing that they care about in their company. But we give the thing that means the most to us, to a company that cares nothing about music. It's not even on their front page.


Much less black artists music in general. They just don't give a damn about. So you're gonna give your, like, think about it, it's tech moguls. They don't even like music. They wasn't cool. They don't give a shit. They really, really don't. And they give, we give them all our money, our residual income, all of these things. And what they did that was really, really smart was they gave a a lot of money to one influential or two influential artists. It was one pop young lady and it was one top rapper. And we all followed them no matter if we were going to hell or not. But to answer your question, but to answer your question directly, I, I love, I love music and but it, it, it, it hurt me.


And every time I go back to music, I'm serious. Every time I go back to music is when I get depressed. Wow. So the Music Industry or mu the Music Industry. Well, either way, because I'm gonna sell my music. I'm too, I'm too old to be doing shit and ain't making no bread. You know what I'm saying? So it is built that way. But like, to be honest with you, bro, every time I go back to music, I start feeling that way again. And I feel less free. So I said this in the interview, if God is constantly saying, son, every time you go over there, you get hurt. Why in the fuck you keep going over there? So like, you know, you, you know, bro, like the God Box two is probably my best album. Even better than the first one.


So many people jumped on Griselda, bro. They whole click jumped on the album for me, bro. Shoot bro. Like, you name it, they own it. Tip two chains. Just everybody came through for me, Raheem. But I just feel like, man, like with, with the, with the movies, like I told you on the West coast, I can show people how I want them to think. I wanna lead this interview with saying this, I think that black people look at freedom the same way they look at death. Death may be better. We don't know. But the fact that we don't know, we don't wanna try it out. So it's the same thing with freedom.


Until they know what freedom looks like, we gotta show them what, what it looks like. Think about our iPhone. If you look at not Star War, star Trek, besides teleportation, all that shit we could do on our iPhone now. Yeah. Yeah. That what, that's what sci-fi is. It's preparing us for a future. I said this man, it was a young black girl who came in crying uncontrollably. Her dad say, what's wrong? Why are you crying? She said, daddy, are there gonna be any, any black folks in the future? He said, why? She said, because I was watching the Jetsons And I didn't see any. So as much as we put out good music, if people don't know what that looks like, it don't matter.


A banner vision. I love y'all. I appreciate it. Make sure that y'all go and, and stream and look at family business. You can look at all the episodes like we like to do. That's right. Even though y'all, we need y'all to watch it every week so we can have those elongated stats that we need. Because if you look at it in one, one sitting, then we only gonna get that credit for that day or for that week. But what I'll tell you is like put on family business when you family business, new Orleans, when you're cleaning up and just let it stream all day when you're cooking. Just do that for me when you're cooking, even if you don't watch it. 'cause I'll be honest with y'all, I, there's some black movies that come out. I'll pay for the ticket and then go watch Avengers. I sneak in Avengers like, like I did back in the day.


I'm just being honest with you. I'm gonna give my bread between This and the guns you carrying in the club. You gotta stop telling on yourself. Why? No, I'm telling them what I want them to do. If they gonna pay for a banner vision and then they go watch something else, I don gimme the bread. What'd I say? Gimme the bread in your attention. David Banner ladies fight Night too. Check Banner out on Fight Night. Fight Night Peacock and the Equalizer with Queen S. Right? I'm on that tonight. Even though tonight may be five years from now, if you looking at it depends. Hey y'all. But seriously y'all, thank y'all. Thank you. Appreciate Yate you. I love y'all and it was an honor to meet you. It was nice meeting you too. I would've flirted with you a little bit more, but I don't want think people, people to think that I'm just the whore. You're fine. He needs his jacket back too. Emini here.


No, I don't. I want you to smell mind your business. I'm sorry. Oh, I do. It's there. It's The Breakfast Club. It's David Bannon. We'll let them do everything.


Wake that ass up in the Morning. The Breakfast Club In Mississippi. Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there Or more. A forgotten Asylum. Cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety. Something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yasu Clay. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Have you ever wondered if your pet is lying to you? Why Is my cat not here And I go in and she's eating my lunch? Or if hypnotism is real, you will use the suggestion in order to enhance your cognitive controls. But what's inside a black hole? Black Holes Could be a consequence of the way that we understand the Universe. Well, we have answers for you in the new iHeart original podcast. Sign stuff. Join me or Hitch Hamm as we answer questions about animals, space, our brains, and our bodies. So give yourself permission to be a science geek and listen to science stuff on the iHeart video app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person sleep with everyone he knew of. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.