
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


The Best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massage and cease to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We Are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa is in the building as well. And we got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We got some family. We got Rocsi Diaz. This is people's childhood in here. We got Terra. Yes. I'm so excited. Oh my god. Aj, you know aj Shout out to Hampton Institute. Oh man, this is all my family.


I'm just joking. This is all my family. We got AJ Rocks in Tur. Welcome guys. What up? What up? How going on? Good. Good. 1 0 6 and Park like said you guys were our childhood. Absolutely. Our adult life growing up. Definitely mine. I'm so excited. Happy. Does it feel like you've Been that long? EV's older than us. I know that what he's talking about our childhood, our childhood's. Childhood children. Our childhood free and aj That was C hell when Free and AJ was on TV 2000. Okay. Well I was grown. That happens all the time. I'm in the store and people got walkers and they're like, yo, I grew up watching you. I was like, you were grown. That's what it felt like.


I guess it felt like that. Especially 'cause y'all were connected to some of our favorite artists. And a lot of people saw them in different ways For the first time with you guys, I skipped school to come. Remember y'all used to have the line where you would line up to get in? Yep. It was like first come first serve the live line up. I skipped school in Delaware. Got on the bus to New York to come and watch 1 0 6 and the park, you know, I got there and y'all wasn't even filming that day. Ooh. Crazy. And I got home and got my behind. That's with choice. It was Breaking news. We weren't live every day As a kid. I didn't know that. I was like, oh my God, I'm going to 1 0 6 apart. Yeah. Like Aw. Yeah. But y'all are celebrating 25 years Wow. With a reunion at the BET award. Yes. What's that gonna look like?


It's gonna be special. It's gonna be beautiful. I don't think all four of us have been in the same room. Maybe a long time. Four Re couldn't free. Couldn't make it. She really, really wanted to be here, but, but she couldn't make it. I talked to her and she sends her love to everybody and she cannot wait to see everybody for the BT award. So to This morning, she can't wait. So it's gonna be amazing. It's gonna be great. People Always say whatever was better. The free and AJ era or the Roxy and Terrence J Era. I'm just, I'm just curious. What are you talking about? Free. And they free. And I thought you were ERA Was iconic. You gotta, they Were all longer than us. Listen, you gotta, they held it down. So, so in order to understand 1 0 6, you gotta understand technology and communication.


Right. The World was changing from 2000 to 2014. All this new technology, you know, Instagram, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, YouTube And I, all of these things. Yeah. Were, were, were coming on the scene. And so 1 0 6 and Park was the global hub for all of this. Right. When they started, if you needed to see the number one video in The World, you had to go to Bets 1 0 6 and Park Right. The new artists 1 0 6 and park the breaking stories 1 0 6 and Park Sports Fashion. Yeah. Technology, everything 1 0 6. And Park was the hub for it. Yeah. And so you, we we wouldn't, there wouldn't be what we were without freeing AJ at the end of the day.


So, you know, we always tell them like they're the originals, they're the OGs. I don't, you know, I think different generations grew up with different hosts and so everybody likes to pick favorites. But when it comes to all of the hosts together, we just know that we're part of this amazing family that, you know, was able to be such an influence on the culture that, you know, to this day, to be honest with you, to this day, I still get more people that like are from the 1 0 6 and park family that are now our A-list celebrities and stars that come up here. Right. You know, because of those connections from then that, you know, they still, they stick with you for so long. So we're just so appreciative of the foundation that we were able to come from and, and build.


And there was no platform for black and brown people. No. There that especially not a prime time when that was getting number. Not at all. No. Yeah, not at all back then. And there was, it was crazy. 'cause we honestly didn't know what we were creating. You know, I was a club promoter, I was throwing parties where at every, you come on, You been Outside Up criticize us. Yes. People sit up here and criticize. Well really me, all of you. About being out. And he loves act like he needs everyth Out. Oh, he was outside. Please tell, you know what Emini here, he was outside. I used to have Wendy hosts.


Oh my God. What is my Wednesday night at Cheetah when Kevin used to come with Cheetah in Atlanta? I don remember that. No, that was before my time. Yeah. You know that Infa picture was actually taken at one of your clubs? That was not. I was, I was, I was at the radio station. I that's Charlemagne was sitting on Whitney's lap, was at clubs. This the 1 0 6 Park host this morning you was sitting on Cool Lap in the DJ booth. Stop. So the BT award, I didn't know you were Promot so you were a promoter And I had no idea. Yeah. And I, So how did was mine for a long time. And Then, okay, so from promoter here in New York, six Park, DC Yeah. Yeah.


Because of Howard. So, so what happened was BET was looking for a host at that time. They already knew Free. Well Free was already picked. And actually shout out to George Daniels. George Daniels, George's music room. He introduced me to BET executives And I took them around. That's, and that's how it all happened. Took him to a couple of the parties and then they had me audition. And literally like three weeks later I was on live television. Green. Crazy. How difficult was it for you? 'cause you didn't have any history in that? No, not at all. Not at all. Emini here it was, it was Emini here. I was getting a lot of hate. You had a, I can't even remember their names. The morning shows coming after me. I remember it was nuts. Yeah. Oh remember.


But Honestly, which bt They used to call you the, the Predator Long. They they killed me. Killed. No, But honestly, I gotta give it up for Stephen Hill. 'cause he had my back. And then long story short, the same dude that was talking outta that mess, I ended up running into him at the Garden and he's like, oh, will you, will you, you know what's so funny in games? Will you manage me? Oh wow. Whoa. And I was like, aren't you the same? And what happened was Beads, he had just put a big spin with them, but they were like, they had a commercial to get me fired off the show. Damn. I Radio. I remember that. Oh, It was crazy. It was. But Anyway, I took care. I took care of that for you. Light work. We, we'll talk about that later.


Thank You. DJ V Care. I Google. I I No, but there's, but to answer the question, to go back to this question, there's no competition. There's no Emini here. Honestly, these two people right here held it down for a longer time and with a lot of pressure on them. Hmm. So to to, to be able to do that and to hold it down with style and grace. Gotta like take my hat off to them. Yeah. You know how Seamless did Free and AJ make the transition process? We Were gone. So yeah, there, there Was a period they, They were already gone. Was gone. Tigger and Jli gone. Were were super gracious and mad Lynx. And everybody that was, you know, around at that time were, were were gracious. And, but it was challenging. You know, we stepped into these iconic shoes with people that we grew up watching.


Yeah. So there was a lot of initial hate and you know, And we came from nowhere came from, 'cause we were, came part of a new face search, you know, a competition, a you know, challenge. So it was like, Terrance And I really leaned on each other because we both knew that nobody understood the, what we were going through more than each other. Each other. We never had done television before. I came from a radio background and he did radio as well. But you know, like we won a contest to host the biggest show on a network. And it's like, And that was a big deal. Big deal. Everybody in they mama wanted Audition. I had thousands of dollars of student debt to pay back from, from North Carolina a t and was sleeping on Fred's couch at the time down in his basement.


And so we were sleeping in the car, we were just trying to, to hustle to make it. And we just had this dream and, and ambition. And so to see the show go to where it went. Yeah. And to be a part, you know, we were a part of all these iconic moments. All all of us. Right. All of us from when Michael Jackson passed to when Barack was a senator, when Obama was a senator, you know, all of these Landmarking did put this project. Janet, The Face Madonna Tried to make out with you. Madonna trying to make out Thought was gonna be me. Yeah. Madonna tried to make out with Terrance And it became Kiss. So anywhere we went Kiss Tyra. Kiss Tyra. Yeah. Halle Berry, Tom Cruise Jumped on the Couch with the catwalk.


Aaliyah, you know, Kobe Bryant, like all these, We've had moments, Tumbling moments. Yeah. All of the Blind Fury moments. I don fur China too. I was Gonna say, what happened to, like, are y'all still watching those people who used to come through the Free Freestyle Friday movement and like, like what, where are they at now? What happens? Well, Jen, I like Jen. I've contacted him on, on social media and stuff And I, he's big in China. He Had us recently. Just recently. Yeah. I, You know, a lot of these artists are still doing it. And then a lot of these, you know, people that will come on the show turns into DJ Khaled, you know, like, it, it became a hub where different DJs, different music personalities, pro style dance competitions, pro that pro style.


Like everybody would just come to 1 0 6. Yeah. When y'all left the show, AJ did BET even tell y'all, did y'all find out on MySpace? Like, or in the block? Everybody wants To know Tabs like we did. She Said Yeah, Because I, because from what I read, leaving the show was you, there was behind the scenes. Like you felt like creatively things weren't right. Turned It around at bt It was online, it was like contract stuff. It was creatively it was our decision. It was. But why, yeah, why It was Time Emini here back, was it? Nah, it was time. I, I'll Just say that. Or can I say, wait, maybe there's a book coming out. I don't know. There Possibly. So we finally get the answer. Maybe Emini here. The answer was, it was time For me personally, it was, it was time I made the decision honestly that evening.


It was my last contractual day. And yeah, I walked in the, you know how they do the prep office. I walked in the office, all the producers there. I was like, this is my last day. Whatever we prepping it ain't gonna work. And they thought I was playing. 'cause I played all the time. And that was actually my last day. And it was crazy. 'cause I still remember was Mariah Carey's shake it off. It was like the new joint of the day. That's crazy. And that's when I was like, I'm making the right decision. Did you And free playing at the I Don. Okay. No, got you. Got Well, can I say something really quick about free though? Because you guys asked the question about the transition. Free, free has always been that the a girl's girl. And she reached out to me because she knew, she was like, okay girl, there's the curse of the couch.


Amazing. And this is what's gonna happen and this is what you're gonna go through. And free handheld. Right. She, she held my hand through a lot of stuff that went there. So, so nobody get, and, and all of the, the girls we're, we're all close, but like the women at 1 0 6 and Park have always kept in touch. And like, to this day, Emini here, Julisa And I just went on vacation. Keisha Shante And I go to the same nail salon, you know, see each other and me and Free Talk all the time. So I love free. Just, just for, for, for, for reference on that. Like, kudos to free because she really, really, really looked out for all the girls and for us. She always calls us Free angels. She's like, y'all are my girls. I'm like, all right, free. But, but you know, she just, she really is a girl's girl and really, really, really looked out Emini here.


Even to like who the best hair and makeup person was at at one. Like, those things that you don't know, you know, especially when you're not on tv, you don't know these things. So she yeah. Shout out to free. How Long did it take y'all to get chemistry? Like between y'all, you and Free aj and also between you and Terrance Roxy? Ours was kind of instant. Yeah. Again, we came in through New Faces. So we came in through a whole different, had choice. Roxy's Roxy's Choice. Really easy to work with in that way though. You know, it was seamless. So, and again, it was that The World was just different and we were so hungry. Yeah. To just be able to pay our rent on time and just be able to, you know, do these interviews. And we were having fun. Yeah. We were having fun. Our life was changing. We were in our twenties.


It was, it was great. It was a great time. When I look back at it, yeah, It was fun. Oh right. No, no. I like, it was again, like, Terrance And I were a different situation. 'cause there, there really didn't have to be a chemistry test. We were so happy to, to get the show. And like, I remember when we had the phone call with Steven and he was like, so y'all are the host. And we're like, wait, what? And I had the worst audition process that whole week. Like it was terrible. So the fact that he even got to where, where it was. But, so you Didn't even know you had, you didn't even think that you had it after art, after auditioning? Not at all. Well, when we, because it was like 10 of us that didn't New faces.


Yeah. And then they picked five to stay on the network. So even to have made it to the five, I was just like, what? Yeah. Like, you know, this is crazy. It's Always been a, a blessing. Yeah. You know, And I Emini here, we grew up watching, you know? Right. Yeah. You never thought, we didn't even know that that was up for grabs. We didn't know that they were looking for the new host of 1 0 6. We had no idea. Take Care. And JSA were doing the thing. You Know, also when it was, when it was you, Terrence, Alicia, Renee, Lamar and jsa, they just said No, JSA wasn't part of New Faces. Wasn't was. She was already on, she was already, She was already on because it WASA was already on the Network. Big figure right after us. Yeah. So it was the fifth one because they had to like, literally that next day they had to figure it out. 'cause I was not supposed to leave when I, let me sham Me.


Shout out the Shaming. Shaming. Yeah. I don't remember Sha Me, God Bless. I don't Remember one thing I gotta say about both of those. But You in Freeze Chemistry, how did y'all develop it? It just Emini here. It happened from the first time we did like a test interview till the first time we were on Show Emini here, honestly. And then the first guest busted rhymes was Oh, that's Awesome. It was, you know, it was a lot of fun when it, when it really clicked, I think honestly was, they surprised us with Whitney and Bobby. Like we had Oh wow. We were doing a read and they had Whitney and Bobby walk out behind us without telling us. Wow. And it was, it was crazy because Bobby's from Boston and Whitney's from Jersey. So it was like, it was just like a crazy amazing moment.


Mm. And it was just like, okay, we're doing something. Wow. Because we didn't, like, it was, it was crazy. We were up on a hundred sixth park and you know, if you've ever been in Metropolis Studios, it was just, it was different. Yeah. I never felt like y'all was hosting a show, which was a good thing. No, to me, I felt like I was hosting a party. I hosted a party every day for, for people at Home. I, I went back, I, I watched your first break on air and it was good from the beginning. Like from the initial, we, we were horrible. No, no, no. The initial break, at least I was, it was horrible. On freeze IG page, it was like the show just had a, had a thing about it. And, and like I said earlier, there was just a global connection that was happening at this time.


Right. Yeah. You got kids from Japan, you got kids from London coming to Harlem, coming to, to, to 57th and and 10th to see this show. And you know, these stories from Delaware driving down. It was just all connecting. And then it birthed so many different things. Yeah. So now when I meet, you know, speedy Mormon or I'm sitting down with pretty, pretty v and they're telling me, Hey, we were watching you and Roxy growing up, or we were watching AJ and Free, it's like, it's, it's so amazing that it's just transcended time. And so many people have been able to, you know, build careers Yeah. And, and do creative things and make money and feed their families, you know, off of this show, we had amazing producers, amazing people, you know, behind the scenes working hard every day to make it happen.


And we had the best fans in The World. Yeah. And that was the best part. Really, really. Y'all remember y First guest because you said Busta Rhymes was his, do y'all remember y'all first guest? I feel like it was Busta Rhymes too. It was early. It was Jamie Fox, Janet Jackson, Janet Jackson, Jesus. They Came, they came, they came With heat. They came in hot. I was, I was sleeping on the couch. I didn't have an apartment in New York yet. So I was still damn near homeless when I interviewed Janet Jackson that day. And I remember like me and Roxy, we, our dressing rooms were right there. We was like, we were just so nervous. Yeah. And, and it just, you know, we still can't believe that we're we part of This That was hap Yeah. Legacy. Everything happened so fast. We literally got the call and then it was like, you guys have to be in New York.


And like, not even like with two weeks move. And I'm on radio in Chicago at the time and I'm like, I gotta move my whole entire life. Like it's, this is, this is happening and this is happening fast. So Did they let you quit Chicago Raid or just No, I started doing, I was doing my radio show from a studio at, at the 57th and 11th studios. So they gave me a radio room and so I was broadcasting. I would do hair, makeup, go down, tape my midday show for Chicago, go back up, do 1 0 6 and park, go back down tape one show like I was pret taping a lot of shows. And then we would do, and then so many things started happening in between 1 0 6 and Park.


Then we had 1 0 6 and Park radio. Yeah. So we would tape that in between 1 0 6 tapings and stuff like that. So yeah. We And This was when they worked y'all? Yeah. Well No, they did Hyphen didn't exist. Yeah. It wasn't, you Know, so when we look at all, all four of you are are, are doing such amazing things and the diversification of your brands is, is it's phenomenal at that stage. It wasn't like that. It wasn't like that. You Know, it was, do you Remember the conversation I had with you? We started Which one? And I told you to diversify, do all The stuff. Yes you did. Yes You did. I I You were always very, you know, gracious and very, you know, the way you pass the torch, you take like every, like it was, it was a lot of, well he Took it to another level.


Tj. Absolutely. He hustles TJ Hustles. Like, honestly, 'cause I remember the conversation. I, I'm privately, I've said this to you And I'm, I'm saying it publicly, like you literally took it to another level. And that is a beautiful thing 'cause it opens up for so many people. And I know you, you know, you walk the street and people are like, I'm in, I'm in news 'cause of you. I'm in entertainment 'cause of you. You know what that show did probably the craziest thing. And this actually happened more than once. I had a guy come up to me and literally almost break down in tears and say he's alive because of 1 0 6. Damn. What episode was that? He said, no, no. Came Like, he wanted to be inside to watch 1 0 6.


And all of his friends were on the corner and they shot up the corner and killed all of his friends. Wow. So literally every one of his friends died. That's crazy. He was like, I'm the only one alive. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. So Just the impact of bringing kids inside. That's true. From the inter you know, 'cause the streets are crazy at times because People had to sit down and watch it. I, I looked up A fact. Yeah. Appointment television. That's funny to think about it. 600, 600,000 views per episode. On minimum you guys were having during AJ and free on 1 0 6 and Park a, according to Google, that's a lot of people sitting at one time. And you had To watch it 'cause there wasn't no internet. So you wasn't there. No, there was no social Media, there was no internet. There wasn't like, you know, TVO and all that stuff really was crazy. The commercial, I forget who made the commercial.


I would love to remember that. 'cause the kids were dropping the bike like 1 0 6 park Going on. So when I was in elementary school, we used to play, they used to play it for us in the cafeteria on a projector. Like, you know how you hear like gym would be everybody's favorite. Nah, lunch was everybody's favorite period because we used to watch 1 0 6 and park and eat our food. Well I never ate the food. It was trash. But 1 0 6 and Park was cafeteria time. Lunchtime every day. That explains so much about Baltimore. That's what they was teaching y'all in school. Here we go, listen. School and in prison I met, oh my god. Jail mail. Like prison. You can't, there was crazy jail mail. So much jail mail. You could've to everybody when they was locked up, we used to get crazy jail mail.


We like that story. We don't get no more jail. Oh you jealous. You don't get no more mail. I don't get mail. Guy Drew Envy naked. One time I was doing Guy Drew a Picture Envy Naked. And I got questions coming. See I Y'all a crazy honest story. De Lee, I was at an event, Deborah Lee was there, Martha Stewart was there. I shouldn't be telling this story. And Deborah wanted to meet Martha And he goes on, Deborah wanted to meet Martha And I had, you know, interviewed Martha on extra a couple times And I was like, I know Martha, she's super cool. So I brought her over and, And I was like, Debra Lee is Martha Stewart. And Martha was like, oh my God, I love BET.


When I was locked Up, that's all I could watch. She was like rap city 1 0 6 and Park. That's hilarious. Like comic view. She It was, it was. That's so funny. It was in a hilarious moment, Stewart. It was a hilarious How Did y'all deal with, 'cause I was just saying before y'all came in, I, but after 1 0 6 and Park, the only other place I can think of that has those cultural moments that people remember good or bad is Breakfast Club. Oh yeah. But now that's why you got the job. Thank you. That's why you got the job. That's why you got the job. Thank you. But now, now you, you guys really are like, everybody job Is like 1 0 6 1. It is like The Breakfast Club is the, is what that's what y'all right now was missing. Is it, it was you guys Culture just f yi. Culture. Culture Highlighting us Culturally. Definitely Highlighting us unfiltered is something that I don't think America has a lot of right now.


And you all do it. Y'all in in in a great way. Thank you. Thank you. Good chemistry. No, I'm sorry. No, I brought that up because I was saying we now we got the internet. So it's like when moments happen here, it's super huge with y'all. It was happening on tv but then like turning TV off you go home or did you what or not, right. How did y'all handle those moments? Like I know there, there was like the webby thing that happened. Roxy, Terrance, y'all, you walking on stage, Roxy, y'all here together now we would love to hear about that as well. But Tara handling those Protects me at all costs. And that's what I'm gonna say. And I'll protect him as at all costs. And, And I don't like, I don't like bringing up anything that was like, that's not what I wanna remember from the show because that's not even worth our time right now.


The show is more about celebration than it was about drama. So those 360 days or whatever, because we were a 365 show, you know, it was always, there's always things that would happen. But if there's one thing that I could say about this man right here is that he protected me, you know, at all costs. Listen, you know, we we're we're it's such a celebration now, right? And when, when you bring up any of those things, yeah, it's all love. It's, it's All love all of and there's no hate and there's like, there's no beef now. Like we, there never was back then either. Yeah. There was No beef when I, when I saw the report. Not well in looking at it now as a person that's doing this And I saw the webby thing, my first thought was whatever happened, it had to be a protection thing on that.


On your, on what Whatever part. And the reason why I brought it up is because I think people don't understand, like you said, you were sleeping on the couch and you got the job, you were working a radio and then boom, everything happened. Yeah. In real time. You just have to adjust to being in front of everybody and figuring that out. It Had to be tough in front of a live Audience. Also In front of a live audience. In front of a audience. Right. That had to be tough. So when I'm seeing, you know, what I perceived as a protection thing and you kind of just said that Yeah. In front of The World. I don I don't How did you guys mentally, how are you dealing with that at the time? 'cause y'all are kids too. Yeah. Look, We'll, we'll pivot out. But listen. Yeah, I, for me, Roxy, like it was, yeah, anything that had to do with Roxy was always protection thing. But shout outs to Webby. It's love man. This has been, you know, decades we're adults.


We were growing up live on television daily. Yeah. Our level of emotional intelligence, our growth as human beings, it is different. What we were dealing with, it was, we were literally growing up in front of everybody's eyes. So obviously we made mistakes. Obviously there's, there's, there's growing pains, there's things that we learned. But when we look back, it was this beautiful journey and time, this beautiful thing that we got to celebrate together. And when,


when Scott Mills and the team said, Hey, we wanna sell KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh, juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good?


Some Of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with. Your crew, your day ones. The folks who always got your back. The ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for ears. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter. This time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out or just hanging and catching up. There's a coke with your name on it. Or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie and girl. It's a classic. Names like Sarah Row and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins. And even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah. It's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Celebrate 25 years of 1 0 6 and park this year at the BET awards. We're going to pivot. We're gonna you Terrance today, A long time working on listen Man money talks man Working on, but I do remember when you walked off the set, you said it was publicity stunt brought it back. Yeah. Brought it back. I don't want people to think that was a real thing about Me and him. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. This, We were blurring the lines of reality t this was early reality tv, right.


We were blurring the lines. Me and Roxy were sitting in Steven's office and was like, why don't we, you know, try this as a scripted thing. Right? We were coming up with creative people were talking about it like it was real, you know, pop and popcorn, right? Yeah. So it was, yeah, me and her have always been right here. There was never, There was never ever yeah, ever, ever between me and him. And even to this day, like protect him at all costs, you know, at the end of the day. And we never hooked up. And the only reason why I bring that up is because Roxy is such a professional that it, you're Such a professional. Well, I, I Lemme say this before y'all asked me, okay, Think getting Somewhere.


He said, lemme say this before y'all asked me, y'all asked. Yeah. Well, you know, with women in About the way he's handling the interview right now. And I No. Yeah. She's a real, like she's calm down spicy, calm down spicy. No, Because as a woman She wants to understand why you took it away from her real quick. He threw it to her and you Took it away. No, go ahead and finish Terrance. I know what you're saying And I Think I, I think Charlotte Flowers out Need said, you know, is is is the show was special and we're just so happy that we get to celebrate it. 25 years. 25 VT awards, 25 years. And people still want it to come back. People Still talk about it. Do y'all feel Every day right?


Do no, I I'm one of them who won it back. But do y'all feel like honestly it would be a success in today's digital like one or Six o'clock And I exist, I And I bumped back against and it's crazy 'cause the TV execs have arguments about it all the time. If a video show would still do well, I think so. In, in a world where there's YouTube And I honestly believe that it would, you know, but that's just my opinion. Don't think it's Just, so I don the video a Lot. People say like, people argue You Get video free, but the conversations and you gotta think about before you only Could get videos there. No, no, No. But listen, you gotta, now I ain't gotta wait for you. It's above that because back then artists had to come and talk about their video. Yeah. They had to come and talk about their music and it was like That's right.


There was segments to that. And I think that honestly improved the music. Yeah. Like labels were like, we can't Absolutely. We can't, we can't put this out because we gotta, they're gonna end up on the couch talking about this. Yeah. If you think about some of the stuff that's out now, could I have three segments with an artist talking about what they're saying on that record? I think it improved music, but I think that's necessary and needed. I don't know if it's a 1 0 6 and park, but it's a show that's needed. And Then also on 1 0 6 and park, what people wasn't even really realizing. We were so excited about it and, And I still would be, but they didn't even play the whole music video. They cut It off 30 seconds. They got to a point with like 20 seconds. Right. All right. That was supposed To argue about, that Used to hate that it was about the host, it was about the segments that y'all had, the people, y'all had the energy between y'all.


Like how y'all just made it even like how y'all would show y'all audience sometimes. And I be like, oh my God. She, I used, I was cracking on people a long time. I used to audience. It was so many things. The about one six, We had some time when there was no audience members. Like we had some times we, we, we had a school upstairs, a metropolis. We literally pull students down sometimes 'cause we didn't have any audience. Like this is at the beginning. Like we would do a show and there'd be nobody in the audience. I didn't. And they would do canned tape of an audience before and we would have to have all the energy and we're talking to nobody. Wow. Yeah. So it was, there was a lot of things that, you know, you don't Even know. Oh yeah, no, the stories are crazy.


How did it feel having, well at least, well at least for Terrence and Roxy. How did it feel having more fame than probably money? Because I'm sure the fame shot off faster than having actual bread in your pocket. Yeah. You know, there, there, financial literacy wasn't a conversation of discussion. I didn't have a bunch of financial mentors at that stage in my life. So when you are, when you're famous right. Or people recognize you for what you're doing. 'cause famous is word I don't love to use. But you don't have the the funds now you, you have imposter syndrome right now you're trying to keep up. This is when the birth of of bottle service in the nightclubs popped off.


So you're, you know, you're, you're trying to wear things. You're trying to buy, you're trying to do these things, but you don't have the means to do it. TJ Was outside back then. Yeah, we there, there was a lot of Y'all was Outside. Was was outside. We was gonna Clubs. I know that Was outside. We was gonna to your spots. I know Greenhouse. Shout out To Greenhouse. Yeah. But the money came Emini here. The, you know, it was a Emini here, it was a cultural revolution. So it it all, it all came really, you know, fast. It did The dope thing about I I would say is not, not your era, but we were all coming up. I I feel like New York in the 2000, 2005, 2010 was a bunch of people coming up at the same time. So we all ran with each other. Yeah. Yeah. And I just thought that was dope.


We all looked out for each other. We all cared about each other. We all moved in the same circle. So it's like watching y'all now. It's like, it's like y'all brothers and sisters to me. 'cause we were all there. We were in fights. We were doing this. Like we did it all together and thank God there was no cameras back in the table. Thank God. Thank God everybody trying to fight, make fight. Charlamagne tried to fight you. I Love Charlamagne Now. I don't even remember what happened. I don't even remember what happened. Where did this happen? I, I used to be on Wendy's show And I used to be gunning Terrance and Roxy.


Right? Yep. And so I was up there with Wendy being messy just like your girl father shut up. So Terrance came up to me and tried to shake my hand And I said, I can't shake your hand 'cause I know I be talking about you and that that would be fake of me. Mm. So Terrence sat down, he put his hat on back 'cause he said, you know what? Yeah I respect that but it ain't me. He said, I really be wanting to punch you in the face with what you be saying about my cohost. Mm. And I was like, bro, fuck you up in here. And then everybody was like, y'all go in the bathroom and talk. And that's what we did. You were in the bathroom and talked. But he was protecting Roxy. He didn't even care about what I was saying about him. He was protecting Roxy. But who, who won the fight? TJ take off. TJ shirt will always be off. Right. Right before about the fight, Tj TJ s that how you know, swear And I no shirt on TJ Yo Go help tj.


Tj. Me and Terrance never fought. I saw Terrance in the fight. Now I would help Terrance Lord. When We left the room, it ended with a hug. I have so much respect for Charlemagne then and now he has, what Charlemagne has done is incredible, incredible. And it was, it was respect. And I think that started our friendship. Absolutely. It was like we had that moment and then we da it up and it was so much respect after that. Y'all Almost did a show together, right? They weren't even producing. It was ing it. Yeah, it was me, Duval and Angel. We actually shot the union. BT State of the Union. Yeah, I remember that. A lot of it was jealousy though, I'll be honest. Like I, I remember walking up to Terrance one time at the this when y'all was in Harlem at Mission Impossible. And I had just got with Wendy And I don't know why I wasn't appreciating my blessing at that time.


'cause I'm with Wendy and I'm like, yo, one day I'm gonna take your job for no reason. No but honestly that speaks to your Whoop No, no, no, no. That speaks to, that speaks To what I was going through back then. But I never like, just like you didn't know. I didn't know. I wasn't in the industry. There were a lot of people that wanted that television shot. Yeah. So when we got it, when I said there was a lot of pressure on anyone who's in those shoes, there were a lot of people that wanted to be on television that feel like I did the work. I should, I deserved to be there. Yeah. You know what Emini here. But I hadn't done the work. I was just hating. Yeah. But I don I remember that. I remember that. And I, but I didn't take it like that man. I I, when I saw you and looked in your eyes, I saw that there was a hunger there And I saw that there was a, as an ambition there And I just felt like a, as black men, it wasn't our job that tear each other down.


I'm happy That success. So you Say come and get it. Motherfucker policy doing now did TJ was New York was competitive and you would, you know, when We walked down the street it was a, This is a different side of tj 'cause back then TJ would get into it. Like, I can't even imagine. Look at guys means a A you are you Greek two uq We're both Qs. Okay. So even that when you got, once you came across the line, the HBCU connection and things like that, how did that help back then? 'cause it's so prep, like everybody talks about HBCUs and stuff now, but then when it wasn't as talked about, how was that connection then knowing that you had a bra?


Oh it was, it was having omega sci-fi with my back was unbelievable coming from a black college coming from a t you know, being a member of omega sci-fi and then the bras was like behind, you know, supported Roxy too. So anytime we would do events, Security parties, security, be all of my Line security and all of my line brothers would be there, show up. Like we didn't have security back then. And so yeah, we, we would, we would be hosting on TV on a Friday and then we would be, you know, in Detroit, new Orleans, Baltimore and Carolinas. Carolinas all over on the weekends. And it was the frat that was like moving around with us, supporting us the stairs.


And Fred backing down from nobody. I don dunno about this line he talking about but them two, the line was, you can mention It frat, but it is like that was another thing that was really special during, during TJ And i's Time Fred t again we came together totally new. Terrance had Fred And I had Chantel. Yeah Tali. And it was us four like and for those that know to this day it's still us. It's still us four 20 years. Still us four. So yeah, we had an amazing, we had to have a an amazing friendship system, support system around us because all of our friends like to what? To Envy's point, we were all doing this for the first time at the level that we was doing it at.


Like when we was DJing in Boston, it wasn't even like at the level of, of what we were growing at and at that time in New York City in Charlemagne too. It was just different. We were all trying to really, really get it and hustle and there was no YouTube, Instagram get found virally. All you had to have talent. That was it. You had to have, you had to know how to do the job. So, And the crazy thing about both of y'all, y'all, Not that they don't have Talent, you and Terrance was always so embracing while everybody else was hating. Like so it's like I met Terrance after we had that incident And I'm like damn, he actually cool. And me and Roxy ended up living in the same building. Roxy gives me a copy of the Alchemist. She embraces me like, like I'm like damn why the fuck was I hating on these people?


Well you are a very angry little man And I was angry. Your weight probably wasn't tight messing with me back in the day. But I bet you there's a lot of people, to your point AJ that was just hating and jealous. But they won't admit it. They might admit it now but back then it's like who are these people on TV And I'm not Just get 'em You under Wendy. Charlotte. I like that Up under, yeah he was little Wendy. That's what they call, that's why they was calling you Wendell Andree told me. Toree told me to tell y'all I love them deep and ain't nothing like being a part of the 1 0 6 fam. Alongside a j Roxy. TJ Tigga, Jalisa Bow and Keisha. See y'all at the award show. You dig? Yes. So now what y'all doing after the told just break that down. And she also told me to keep asking AJ where free is s that I get asked that asked Stop.


She ain't say that. No, I know she gets asked How many times do you get asked that? I get asked that you gotta mix things up five times a day. They ask me that all the time and Just say wild stuff all the time. He's getting a change. I can be in Africa. They'd be like a weird free be like he's getting a change. Right. Free. Free during free time Free was free herself, her name and her, she was like one of the most popular. Oh yeah. Names of, I don't know what list it was that came back in The World like Free. Oh Connie The black man in America had free with King.


The King magazine cover with Free on the front. Damn. Yeah. Yeah, Absolutely. King Magazine. Yeah. Wow. King Magazine. So you, your question the 25th. Oh. So what are you guys doing? What are you guys doing for what I'm BT Awards. What are you guys doing at the BET awards To Celebration? Everybody looks BT Awards. Oh y'all hosting the show so No, no, no. It's a Kevin Har hosting. We are celebrating 25 years of this landmark show. Bt ISS 1 0 6 and Park. We have a lot of surprises. There're gonna be a lot of special announcements and it'll be the first time all the hosts are being coming back to be on stage together. That's crazy. It's gonna be a beautiful reunion.


And we are just, we are so humbled, we're so appreciative of this time in our life to be able to celebrate this together. It's amazing. You know, I, I lost my dad about a year and a half ago. I Don brother And thank you. And when I lost him it just, it, it really gave me perspective on time, you know, and when you have time to spend with the people that you love And furthermore, when you have these celebrations where this is not just about us. Yeah, this is about BET as a network. It's about the culture, it's about the fans, it's about all of you. Like 1 0 6 is everybody's show.


Yeah. Everybody voted on this show every day. Right. This show means something to so many people. And so we are just excited that we get to all come together And I can't wait for y'all to see the surprises and surprise performances. Man. We got some performances that It's gonna feel like the show all over. So It's, it is really getting honored. It's not just moment One. Oh Everybody said Honestly I gotta, I gotta take my hat off 'cause I was there from the beginning of BET to where it is now. And for BET to do this I think is is pretty amazing. You know, to give tribute just to the whole franchise in a whole it says a, it says a lot and it's just like Terrence said, it's just an amazing thing for that to be happening.


And y'all Need documentary Live to be here because it's 25 years. What? Y'all need a documentary one six need a documentary. It's in the works. Okay. In the works. So I wanna talk categories. Oh okay. Okay. Yes. So best new artist and album of the Year Categories. I wanna talk about that right here on The Breakfast Club. That's an easy call. Who Best new artist is Doce. It's not even close. Best new artist is Doce. I agree. She in the category. She should be in the category. Right. I don see her on my Lists. New List. So let's read who we have for the best new artist. So y'all are welcome to take this over. Oh she's Not nominated For Best New No. So best new artists we had, was she not last Year? Was she Nominated last year? Was she? Was she? Was she Year Year?


Yeah. So best new artist we have Eric who? R Star. Star Art Star. Big ass. The Plug Boss man. Dlo D Bill. You want water? No. No. Oh thank You. Dbis. Leon Thomas, October London Sha Boozy Teddy Swims and it says four one. Is that four one the group from New York? No. Okay. Not sure you, you know this is a tough category and so many of these artists have been around. Yeah kind of. And and it's just so many talented people. Tough. I could Say I'm a fan of a lot of them there a lot. So Thomas is amazing. October. London. London. Teddy Swims. Teddy Swims. My goodness. We had Teddy Swim. Big Extra, Big extra Plug.


Guys had a great year. RA Star. He was Performing on the Eagles won the Super Bowl the after party. Iris Star is another one. Yeah. I love Iris Star. So that's a, that's a, they're all so they, it doesn't even feel like Pick one. This is political answer. This is happening here. First on the breakfast plan. I don't even feel like it's a new artist 'cause they've been killing it so much. Hey too. That's why I thought you would've been, I like Shazi. I think Shazi has had a hell of a year. His record was big. He's performed at country awards and crossover awards outta all them. I like Shazi or Teddy swims. Yeah, I like Neon Thomas But it's black. So I, I was gonna say I love Teddy swims but y don't feel like if it's Teddy swims people gonna be upset. That's why I said Shazi. Shazi. That's why I said Shazi. Forget the white guy.


Salute the Teddy. If he had a good year, he had a good year. But it's the BT awards I love. Teddy did have a good year. If it bt big extra plug. But I would do, I would do probably Shazi or Teddy Swims. J you gonna big extra plug Pick one. I like them all. You seen you seen that? Get into Office? I do like Big X Plus. Yes I do. My son likes Big Plug. So does mine. So like Bat song Big goes up, he's hitting. Yes. What about Album of the year? So we got some sexy songs for you, Drake and Party Next Door. 1111. Deluxe, Jess, Chris Brown. Alligator Bites never heal. Our girl. Doce, cowboy Carter, Beyonce, glorious gorilla. GNX, Kendrick Lamar, hurry up tomorrow the weekend and we don't trust you.


Future at Metro booming you they Supposed To pick which one. Now this, this category is real good Political. This whoever doesn't give an answer, take A shot. It's only between two for me. It's only one for me. There's only one. There's only one answer for that one. What y'all already know. No. GNX album of the year. Gua Kendrick had the best year of Kendrick. Any artist, gua, Kendrick, Chris Brown, just brown. So many years he was thinking like me, I say Kendrick, who always had the best year bowl of any artist. Kenrick. It's Kendrick, it's Kendrick, it's Ken, Beyonce. Thank you. It's Kendrick, Beyonce. Kendrick Terrance. I'll let You finish. But Beyonce S right?


Terrance says, so That's my, that's my answer. Emini here. Kenrick Kendrick has had Ken Emini here. He's on tour now with S How about Kendrick Or Doce? I'll say, yeah. I did not stop listening to Kendrick's album. Right? Not even gonna lie Still. Especially being in La Kendrick This moment in time for Kendrick Emini here. It's kind of just like, But I loved Chris's album too. Cannot even lie too. Chris is just, and DCI's album and Gorilla And I with Carter. So this is, this is challenging. All Those albums are dope, but the Kendrick has had is like, you can't, I'm switching My, my answer Gorilla, Listen. June 9th, I'll say this. I wish that there, there are a lot of times and, and thank, I'm glad that I'm still able to cover carpets and still work in this industry.


I tell like a lot. I told Gloria Icon in this industry. I'm like, thank you. I told Gloria, I said, you're the kind of artist that makes me wish I was still still on 1 0 6 and Park. 'cause I would've had so much pride having you up there. 'cause it would've been so, some of the artists today, I wish we still had a platform like 1 0 6. It would've been fun to, at that time to interview them. It's too expensive. What is great? It's too expensive right Now to do music on tv. Who outside of Gorilla do you also think that about? Let's see, a lot of like the Afrobeats Yeah. People right now. Like I love Burner. I love Wiz, you know DeVito, like I, I'm heavy in the Afrobeats right now.


Like I really love that whole movement. And so I would've loved to have had, you know, them up there. Like Lizzo, we, I, we didn't have to, we didn't give a chance to have a Lizzo up there. You know, there's so many artists and they'll say Big Lizzo, a little Lizzo, Jesus, Lizzo, oh my, You know, into that realm where we can talk about her. Like Luther, what? Remember we had a big outside, remember we had a big Luther? Can't do that no more. Yes, we can gotta respect Her weight. So with that said, y'all say champagne, popping champagne early 1 0 6 and park 25 years. Yes. We're also, we're celebrate The Breakfast Club.


We're celebrating There's a synergy here. That's right. Absolutely. We're celebrating. It's early. We're, we're proud. We're excited to be here. Thank you. And it's a beautiful moment. So let, let's get, we gonna get some, my God, we get some champagne. Let's do it. Get some flutes going. Six apart. You told me and Jess was for us. I did is I just said. I just said, Lauren, this a Lauren and Jess moment. You, we celebrate. We celebrate wins June 9th. Gotta Put out there And put out there. Starting the podcast. Finally out of the park life, out the park. O-U-T-T-A-T-H-E-P-A-R-K. You By yourself.


Who you doing with? You Want free to be announced. Oh, Okay. Okay. Now you want free. We are free at Free. We are free. Every episode Free is actually not here today. Alright. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up In the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old cent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp, and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed,


at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.