
Be warned that once you pick up a refreshingly cold drink from McDonald's and people see just how refreshingly cold that drink from McDonald's is, you may create drink envy because there are drinks, then there are drinks from McDonald's For a morning brew that really creates a stir. Get any size iced coffee, including caramel and French vanilla for just 99 cents before 11:00 AM. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for More.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeul.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company,


The Paris Olympics are here tonight in men's gymnastics. US all around Champ Brody Malone continues his amazing comeback as he leads team USA against the world's best. Unbelievable. He is back. Plus History will be made in the pool as a strong US swimming team takes on. Rivals Australia and the best of The World in pursuit of gold. Experience the Olympics as you've never seen them before. Primetime in Paris tonight. Eight seven Central on NBC in Peacock.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jessa. Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We Have Congresswoman Jasmine Crocker. She's back. Good morning. Good Morning. How you feeling? It's too early. You supposed to be energized. Okay. Your party is energized, so be as energized as your party. Congresswoman, you just had Broccoli festival partying it up. Yes. Did I see you? I was. It was amazing too. And they let me on stage so I could tell black people what they black job is this November. How was they, how did they react to that? Were they energized? They were energized. Okay. It was great. I did a couple of things. I asked them if they had heard of Project 2025.


Okay. And the crowd was like, yes. So that made me really happy. I also kind of did this call and response where I was like, all right, so your black job this November is to vote. And so I came back right before Meg got on stage. And I was like, I'm just back to make sure that y'all remember what y'all job is. And they did. So they were engaged the entire time. It was really a great crowd. And it was talking to people that I feel like politicians don't take the time out to talk to. Absolutely. So yeah, very happy to be there. Where were you when you got the news that Democrats actually You know, summed up some courage and said, You know what? It's time for President Biden to move aside, which they should have done a year ago, but we're, we're not.


We're not judging. Where Were you? I'm not doing this with you. I actually was in bed, so I don't remember where I've been traveling so much. Oh, I had just been to Phoenix with the second gentleman. We had just done an office opening. I had just come back from Africa, actually did over 30 hours to go out there to campaign for the Biden Harris ticket. And so I had just fallen back on a red eye. I got back like Saturday morning wee hours of the morning. And then Sunday I was like, okay, I'm gonna take a day of rest. It was nothing like a day of rest. Hmm. I'm sure. But I was literally laying in bed when I found out because I Saw the tweet that you put out and you weren't that happy about them making the decision.


So, so for me, it's all about how you do stuff and You know. Like you're like, Hey, this is a conversation that should have took place a year ago if there were concerns. I agree with you that this is something that should have been part of the conversation earlier, but I also felt like it was very disrespectful. This is a man who really does have an exemplary record, like the record that I am gonna put out there as I campaign for the vice president. They share this great record of accomplishment, but for them not to have more attacks about this and not to look as crazy as we look where everything was, Democrats kind of doing this infighting. It's like, wait a minute. The Republicans, they have lined up with they rapist convicted You know felon, like they fraud.


Like they have lined up behind this guy who we know was telling us ignorant stuff. Like inject yourself with bleach. And y'all wanna tell me because he was stumbling and fumbling over words in a debate when we know that he was born with a stutter. I mean, these are people that are justifying January 6th. I'm like, if they can say that those people were just on a little tour and they were good patriots, then y'all can stand by this record and You know If, you have concerns about the lack of excitement for the base. Then this is a conversation that I think it still would've went the same way if it was behind closed doors. But we really did ourself our own harm. Like that's where the harm, it wasn't coming from Republicans.


It wasn't Republicans attacking us. It was us attacking us. And so I think that it does set a bad precedence. Right? But Now a week later, couple hundred million dollars raised new energy, a hundred thousand plus new voters. No people excited. Listen, I mean you And I have talked about the VP before. You know that like I ride and rock hard with her. Always have. Right? So the way that I describe it is a rollercoaster of emotions. Right? It was definitely a low, the way that it happened, the showed A lack of unity. Yes, Absolutely. Like it showed a lack uni outside the house. Like You know. You know. Absolutely. Yeah. We have that conversation. We keep it inside the house. Absolutely. I didn't like that either. I felt like people were switching sides, which I think it needed to be done, but I just felt like do that inside the house.


Let's Have that discussion. Let me, let me give you some in-house info. I'm not gonna snitch on nobody. 'cause I don't, I don't snitch. I don't It. Listen, I don't, I don't do that. All right. Most of the time. But here's the deal. You know it's great that the vice president is the presumptive nominee. Let me tell you something. As people were calling for the president to step down, it wasn't that. They were all like, oh yeah, we want Kamala. I had a lot of coworkers that were like, it can't be either one of them. Okay. So that was another reason that I was riding so hard because I'm like, wait a minute. What we not gonna do is, in fact, in that tweet, I made it clear I'm not messing with nobody else.


It's the vice president or y'all go figure this out. Like, I'm not going out there. I'm not getting out there because y'all are playing games. So what we had to do is like behind the scenes, we had to strategically get ourselves together quickly. So I sent out a letter of endorsement to all of the delegates out of the state of Texas to make sure that they knew where I stood and tried to get them to stand on business as well. And so we as Black Caucus members and some other caucus members immediately started getting in touch with delegates because if there was any daylight between his announcement and her coming out strong, then they would've tried to get somebody else.


In fact, they were trying to get other people. I know y'all saw the Joe Manchin talking about, he was talking about, well, I, I may need to be president. The hell You do not. I would've, I would've de the United States of America. I Would've voted third party if Joe Manchin Would've been, Hey, child, Child. Are you surprised that the energy though, because You know, like you said, a lot of people necessarily didn't think that that ticket could win. Now the energy's different. But when they first announced, were you surprised that the energy immediately, she raised so much money immediately and people were coming out and drove Immediately? I, I was surprised. I was surprised. But I was pleasantly surprised because I think that a lot of us, especially like black folk, we get nervous, right? Because we have seen the level of racism and vitriol that Trump has ushered in and he wins over voters that way.


So now, when we started talking about people of color, I mean, we know that the entire movement started with Obama, right? Like it was like this backlash type situation. So yes, I was nervous, but I am happy that thus far we've got the energy. Now the question is, can we keep this energy through November? That's right. Can we transform this energy into votes? And I'm hoping that we can. How long do you think this honeymoon phase with the vice president is gonna last? Because it's still the same old Democratic party. So what, what changes would you like to see in the Democratic Party since they made this massive change at the top of the ticket? What other changes would you like to see to keep the energy going?


Yeah, I mean, I think that there's a clear signal that overall we're wanting younger leadership and there has been a gatekeeping for a very long time throughout every level of government when it comes to the Democratic Party, we don't really allow for the younger voices to get in. The fact that I'm considered young is really a problem. In my opinion. The only young person that I see in Congress is Maxwell Frost. Okay. I know he's Gen Z, so he's super young. But overall, I think that we should start to engage in more partnerships and mentorships where you're actually training somebody up. I think that there's always this fear that if I start to mentor somebody, then they will then try to leapfrog me instead of recognizing like, this is your strength, this is your power, you overhear.


But at the same time, we need an actual pipeline and we need to start promoting like what that pipeline looks like. One of the issues that we have in the Democratic Party is everybody sits around and says, okay, who's next? There is no pipeline, right? Like everybody's sitting around asking questions and we should say, this person got next 'cause we've seen them doing this and that. So that's one of the things that I would like to see. And Who's planning the festivities at the DNC? The DNC gotta be piped up this year. The the the Oh, seriously? 'cause the RNC say what you want. It looked live. Did it? Yes. It looked a little hype. It looked live looked, it looked, came out there. I, yes. Are you speaking At the DNC? Not that I know of.


That's A problem. That's a problem because I Said, I said not that I know of. Well, that's a problem to Is ticket. I'm not saying no, you're correct. 'cause You know if I'm gonna have to do a speech, I'm gonna have to do a speech, right? Like this is gonna have to be a good one. But no, I I I have no idea. They have not laid that out. The entire DNC program has to change though, right? Everything, like everything was built around Joe Biden and now it's gonna be built around Kamala Harris. But it should and, and it should be built around Kamala Harris. And it should be built around the next generation of Democrats. I wanna see Governor Whitmore on the stage. I wanna see Governor Shapiro. Governor Westmore, I wanna see you You know. I want them to go get people like John Stewart, like the same way that You know the RNC was using nostalgia and had people like Hulk Hogan.


Yeah, that's what I would like to see. Yeah. Well, I will pass that. Get the Right musical acts Now. Now as we start looking for vice presidents, who do you like? And not just one person, but who do you like and who do you think will be the best fit? Because people are realizing this is like a, I don't wanna say like a basketball game, but you have to size up who's gonna be the best fit and who's gonna be the best help for that? It's gotta be a white man, have to do a DEI hire and hire a white man. Have to Do you think, has to be a white man? Could it be a white woman to be a white man from Michigan? Can it be somebody else that's black? What, what are your Thoughts? The majority of the picks look like, or the majority of the options look like white men. So I I'm gonna assume it's gonna be a white man, right? You know. I trust the vice president and her ability to, to pick.


I think the characteristics that she's gonna look for is a good partner. Because when it came down to her and Joe Biden, it was more of a partnership. Same thing with him and Barack Obama. It was a partnership. And so I think that that's what she'll look for. I don't know what her relationships are like with some of the governors. I can say that in my mind. Senator ca


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


The Paris Olympics are here tonight in men's gymnastics. US all around Champ Brody Malone continues his amazing comeback as he leads team USA against The. World best, Unbelievable. He is back. Plus history will be made in the pool as a strong US swimming team takes on. Rivals Australia and the best of The World in pursuit of gold. Experience the Olympics as you've never seen them before. Primetime in Paris tonight. Eight seven central hunting BC in Peacock.


No doubt.


Visit m odo us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today at mo. Do do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website deals.


Hello, do. Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung, some Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung gala, A CZ flip six. Any year, any condition deals so good, it'll have you shouting from the rooftop. So get yourself down to the street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at and t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited time offer, 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an ATT store for details.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say Yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy during the summertime, everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try it at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there. You can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going have these with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money, redeem points for cash and other options terms apply


Is somebody that she's consistently worked for or worked with because she has been the president of the Senate. And so she probably understands how he works. She understands his relationships in the Senate. The governors haven't worked in the Senate. So I, I would think that she has a natural inclination to potentially go with him. But I don't know. In addition to the fact that when we start looking at the map, right, you take a Governor Beshe, well, I don't know that we gonna get another Democratic governor over in, in Kentucky, right? But when you look at Arizona, if for some reason Mark Kelly comes out of that spot, then we have a Democratic governor and she's the one that appoints another Democrat to that spot.


So we don't end up messing with the balance of power in the Senate either. Go. I like Mark Kelly. He looks, he looks MAGA white. Oh boy, baldhead, I can't You know, boy, I can't. And he's an astronaut. Why? People would love astronauts. Correct? He people could love astronaut Too. No, he's an astronaut And he's a veteran. Yes. And he's very big on gun violence. And it's something that she's very passionate about. And we know that it's something that Gen Z is very passionate about. And honestly, oh, black folk in the hood, we want to get the guns off the streets too. I'm just saying. So I think that all of those things make for a really decent pick, but I don't know. I don't know what they're looking at. I would imagine that they are also doing some internal polling.


I would guess that they're doing some internal polling to kind of try to figure out who moves the scale where and how well known somebody is too. Because we're not talking about a lot of time to introduce your vice president. You got a hundred days. That's right. And Mark Kelly is also probably the best known and he is very strong when it comes to fundraising. He did $90 million to raise for his last Senate race. So I think that that also will end up factoring in, I'm too a all day, by the way. But I do believe in common sense gun reform. Oh listen, I, me too. I'm licensed security what? Right. But like the fact that everybody and anybody got access to any and everything, which is crazy, is a problem.


Especially in Texas. Congresswoman. So you ain't just clapping back. Don't Worry about my nine. You Ain't, don't worry about my nine. Back With your mouth. No. Okay. Okay. I'm in Texas. You crazy's. Now when you say freedoms are on the line, because that's something you say a lot, explain to our audience, what do you mean when you say freedoms are on the line? Yeah, This November, And I. Think that's the thing that you're gonna keep seeing with this campaign as we know that the theme song is Beyonce's Freedom, right? So when we start looking at diversity, equity, and inclusion, they keep trying to attack it. But let's be real about it. And I think that it's been good to have the conversation. Because when we look at things like affirmative action, it's been white women that have benefited more than anybody. So when they start saying things like, we're gonna get rid of affirmative action, even though they are taking aim at us, we still had not gotten our due when it came to it.


So that's why a lot of black folk are like, yo, affirmative action needs to stay in place because we still haven't gotten to where we needed to get to. So that's number one. And when we start talking about affirmative action and diversity, equity inclusion, it's not just getting into schools. While most people know the Supreme Court case as it relates to Harvard, it's not just that they are trying to bleed this over into business opportunities, right? So when we start looking at contracting and whether or not black contractors are going to get contracting opportunities, they're trying to use this as the catalyst for why we can't then say, oh, we've gotta make sure that we have metrics that we're trying to hit for black businesses. This is affecting us economically.


When we look at the Fearless fund and what they've done in the courts, to them the Fearless Fund was like, yo, we know that black women are under invested in no matter what we look at, whether it's politics or otherwise, even though Kamala is breaking all the stereotypes for that one, they said, no, it's not okay for you to go out and decide that you're going to invest in black woman businesses. So we need to understand that they are trying to attack us economically as well as they're trying to attack our educational opportunities. When we start looking at reproductive freedom, that also is an economic conversation if we're gonna be real about it, right? Because there are people that decide that they're not gonna have children because economically they can't afford to have children.


And so then we're talking about potentially holding people back economically. But also we're talking about literally putting women's lives on the line. We know that the black maternal mortality rate in this country has always been abysmal. And when we look at Texas, we are leading the way in the wrong way. Again, when we look at that, when you look at people like Serena Williams, like this comes down to a situation where it doesn't matter how much money you have, we have a problem in this country. And now you're saying, I am going to take away some of those options that are available to doctors and women as they are trying to basically live. So we're talking about the freedom to to live overall. Why are more people talking about the Supreme Court? I've been saying that the Supreme Court is illegitimate.


Mm, it is. It is completely corrupt. Because what I, what I, what my fear in November is You know, let's just say the, the Vice president wins. Donald Trump challenges it in light of all of their recent rulings. What makes us think they're not going to side with Donald Trump and overturn the results of an election? I have no faith in this Supreme Court. Hmm. So I'm with you. I, I don't know. But I do know that we've gotta talk about the Supreme Court in general. And that was actually another concern about who became the nominee, because we already knew that they were going to sue. And so I was like, y'all can play fantasy president all y'all want to, but ultimately you may end up with a ticket and then your votes may not count because they have already decided they are going to court and the court belongs to Donald Trump.


That's right. So, so that was yet another concern that we had. If for some reason it ended up being a nominee that was not the vice president, I thought that it could get really iffy because this would be the first time in history. Which means that they literally don't have any precedence, which means that they start playing in our faces. In addition to that, I think it is a very salient point that we have to make on the campaign trail. And that I do make is that it's not just the presidency that's on the line. It's this daggone Supreme Court. That's right. Because he's already made it clear that he's gonna put two more justices on this court. They get lifetime appointments. So that's why I'm happy that the president started talking about Supreme Court reform. I'm a part of the Supreme Court or the court reform task force.


And so we've got three bills that we are trying to get passed. We know that this Republican house ain't about this life, but long, so long as we take back the house and hopefully hold onto the Senate, hopefully we can move some of this stuff. But one is term limits. They don't need lifetime appointments. That's clear. Number two is expanding the court. This court has been expanded seven times, but the last time it was expanded was I think over a hundred years ago. We've grown a little bit in the last a hundred years. So we need to expand the court. And then finally we need some kind of ethics reform. 'cause they just out here wilding. And the only people that get in trouble is everybody but them. So we need to make sure that they have some sort of ethics that they have to abide by. But I'm, I'm absolutely with you.


I think that we are already preparing for the legal challenges as Donald Trump is out on the stump saying things like, if I don't win this state, it's because they cheated. He is already laying. That's right. The groundwork. But I will say the good work of say Fannie Willis down in Georgia, let's clap it up for her. I think that he may not have as many people that are willing to ride with him in his ridiculousness because it may lead them to prison. I think that they may be fearful. We also know in Arizona, they just did some indictments. So I think people may say, nevermind, I ain't doing fake electors. I ain't doing none of this stuff 'cause I ain't got time to risk my freedom. That's besides the Supreme Court. Do you have any other fears with this election?


You, you already know they attacking her as a prosecutor. They called her a DEI hire. They said childless cat ladies, What's wrong with that? What's wrong with her being a DEI hire. She's qualified. Listen, definitely earned it. Definitely earned it is what that means. We know she over, I'm Taking it back. We know she's overly qualified, but if the president said, Hey, I wanted a black, a woman of color vice president, what's wrong with that? It's not wrong. Because honestly, that is what it's always been about. When we look at diversity, equity, and inclusion, or when we look at affirmative action type of platforms, what it's been about is saying, Hey, we need to make sure that we look at all the talent because essentially our talent had been limited to what you just said, white men.


Right? That's the only pool that we were looking at. So this, this all it's ever been about, it's never been about people that were unqualified. It's been about making sure that you were forced to take a look at somebody other than That's right. A white man. Right? That's it. That's right. But you still had to measure up. And still, when we look at it, it's not even a measure of ma, it's not even a matter of measuring up. You have to exceed the qualifications. That's right. Because again, when you start talking about old boy and the cat, ladies, come on now. Like JD Vance has what? What does he have? Listen, I am older than JD Vance, and everybody's like, oh, look at the young baby in Congress. Right? But when you look at the Republicans, they're like, oh yes, this can be the next vice president of the United States.


And the reality is that this dude has never done anything. He just got elected for the first time a year and a half ago. Wow. Well, Jasmine Crockett, we appreciate Congresswoman Jasmine. Congresswoman Irock, we appreciate you for joining us this morning. Thank you so much. Have you spoken To the VP that, did she call you this week? She called me the day that it happened. Okay, Amazing. And you can stay up with us. Please let us know. Keep up abreast of what's going on. You can check in anytime. If you in town, pull up on us. Thank you so much. Absolutely. Thank And gimme a website so they can buy T-shirts and all That. Yes. Go to the clap back collection.com to grab your shirt. All right. It's Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in The. Breakfast Club.


Modo us.


Visit Modo us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is A social casino, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website details.


Hello. Do us@public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing. Member FINRA And. I C, not a bank, not investment advice.


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mit e.org/careers.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just This overall sense of community. The values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Are you looking to build this year? If so, there is no better time than right now to start planning and to get your spot on the construction schedule. If, you need a garage, a stall barn, a storage for vehicles, RV boat collectibles, or even a a shop for your farm hobbies or car restoration projects. Visit morton buildings.com and start your construction process with superior materials craftsmanship. Best in class warranty. Morton Buildings are made to last for generations at Morton. The difference is in the details from their cutting edge innovations to their craftsmen in the field, they're dedicated to surpassing expectations. Their legacy of excellence spans more than 120 years. And Morton Buildings is 100% employee owned with more than a quarter million satisfied customers. That means they're the industry leader you can trust. When you choose Morton, you'll experience quality at every step of the building process, starting before the walls even go up. Visit morton buildings.com to get started today.