
What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for More.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's. Giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokerl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of The World Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the jungles. Like a Hollywood movie. But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all The biggest slack artists on the planet Together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your


Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw and This is Camilla. Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs of lows of life together? Big or small? We are there. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody's djj. nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club Jesse still on maternity leave. Lauren Lar is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. I didn't even know it was him. I seen him in the hall. I students, I was like, what? Me Too. I was looking like, what rapper is that? What New York rapper is that? Ladies and gentlemen. Marlon Waynes is back. Gang. Gang. What's happening? How you doing? How you feeling? I'm good. I wore a hat just in case I start sweating. And I bought a a washcloth for some reason. I always sweat when I'm on this show and I'm tired of people going, why you sweating like that? Are you on crack And? I'm like, no, I quit cracking the eighties. The thing about it now is I just have vitamins.


That's all. That's why we have you on. And Charlem may be asked me, me, these hot ass questions and why you got me looking like, look Dogg, why could I just be regular Marlin? I mean that's the artist drew it. It is not like At least I'm up there. Let me shut up. Lemme not complain because I was you For a while. I was on you for a while. You got Will Smith. You ain't got Martin and Shana naked here. You got me. That's just t that's you. Justin decided to draw it and he drew it based off how people be on the show. You've never been on the show in that character. I don't know why he did that, To be honest. That nigga was high when he drew the shit High. When he drew. But he Watching Dopey amazed like, yo, but do this nigga Like this. The funny thing is we said, Marlon look like a rapper. Don't no rappers love to stage like Marlon. This nigga stay, he stay working stage.


He never wanna be home. He on the watch on comedy tour right now. He hate his House. No You know what I do. Kind of hate my house. But the thing is, I just love working. I've always loved working. And finally I got something I love to do and I'm getting better. And I just go. The more time I stay on the stage, And I think because I started late. It's not like I'm tired of it yet. Right? So most, most of the time I'm like dyslexic with life in, in my career. Like you supposed to start out doing standup. I started out writing and producing and creating, creating my TV show when I Waynes brothers. And I was like 20 You know writing and producing my own movies from with my brothers from Don Be and Menace to Scary Movie and You know doing my own stuff, haunted house. And then at 39 I was like, yeah, I think I'm gonna take standup serious and I'm gonna go do standup.


And everybody's like, why the fuck would you do that now? You already made it. And I was like, 'cause I think there's there's more to get. I think I, I could be better. I've been a star for 20 something years. I wanna be a, I wanna be a superstar. And the only way to get there is just doing the work. So I just started doing standup. And You, you had your four special, I remember one time you came in, you said you had four specials playing was gonna be God Loves Me. Good grief. Now you're doing the Wild Child though, says Wild Child the third installment. No, 'cause I'd been my first two already was. It was the first one was Wiles, second one was You. know what it is. It's on HBO Max. Third one was God Loves Me the fourth one. Good grief. Between that I had the headliners, which was me and my, my my boys. Sidney Castillo, Tony Baker, DC Irvin, shout out to all my people.


Issa Issa McGraw. And then now I'm working on the Wild Child tour. But I probably named this one Skittles. And I'm, I'm ready to film this like now. It is a tight, it's it, and the more I keep doing it now I got like two hours. Now I gotta shut the fuck up. I'm doing too much 'cause I can't stay on something too long. 'cause I stopped Rubik's Cuban it and then before You know it, I have two, three hours and that's really hard to cut down to an hour. So I wanna hurry up and do it so I could, I know my next three. So for me, I'm, I'm, I want to get this done and retire it so I could You know, clear the canvas and, and paint something new. So What is Skittles? Taste the Rainbow. You really about to just say fuck it. You really, you here for last time, he wasn't here for last time. He here last time. I You was here last time.


Nah, it's it's kind of owed to my, to my my my trans child. Got, got you. You Shut your ass right up, huh? No, that's what I mean. That's what I doing. I said, you gonna tell everybody fuck it because everybody was giving you flack because you posted all The pictures. I tripled down. I don't, I don't, I don't believe in No, no, no. I You wanna start this? We going, we gonna keep going. We going, we going Keep on going. No, I'm gonna keep on going. We gonna keep on digging. No, you started it so You know. But it, it's a, it's not even about them. It's really about me and my transition as a human. I throw myself under the bus. 'cause I wasn't with the shits. I wasn't like, yeah, this is great. When they first You know decided to go down this, this, this road. I was against it. 'cause I'm like, yo, you're not looking at life.


You know you, you're doing this now in your youth. You may regret this when you like 45 and you have a kid and you ain't got no titties to breastfeed this nigga with Jesus Christ. So You know as a parent, I was like, You know, protesting. But at the same time I went through this journey from ignorance and defiance to complete acceptance. And I. Just think a lot of people need to hear the truth and hear a story. I tell funny truths, things that You know hurt me or things that You know. I, I I'm, I'm imperfect And. I'm not all the way You know there. I don't always have the right answers. But I think it's good to be human and be human on the stage.


Because when you talk about truth now you're not just telling jokes. Now you're actually healing. There's people in the audience. I got people coming up to me after my shows crying like, oh my God. And they did it with good grief and they doing it now with the Wild Child tour. It's crazy. Does Your son get offended? Does your son said dad enough now? Like you, we this is, you've been on The Breakfast Club twice talking about it. You've been talking like, enough is enough. Oh, They tired of my shit. But see you like your college paid for. So what I I gotta do is I got, I gotta talk about things. I'm sorry Baby You know that dad going to do what he do. You Know the beautiful thing about art. If you try to tweet or even probably explain what you just explained in an interview, they'd get mad at you. They'd probably try to cancel you. But if you do it on stage Yeah. In a, in a, in a packaged way, it'll make more sense because it's Your forum.


Yeah. And you get to really un unpack your, your truth. It's, I look at the stages. It's a therapy session. Except instead of paying a therapist $200 to You know, to to, to express myself. I got these jackasses paying $55. Come see me perform. And I'm like, y'all understand I'm in therapy right now. And the audience has been my therapist. And when I hear their laughter, I, I find the answers. And You know. I'm, I'm just really grateful that God gave me this, this, this career and this, this thing called standup and this thing called art. 'cause I could always take my broken heart and make art And I. I love it. Always wanted to know. With with, with with your son. Did you have to sit down and say, okay, well explain it to me, break it down.


Because we come from a different place where jokes is jokes. Did you have to sit down and be like, explain what you want me to say. What you want me to call you, how you feel, this, that and the other. Did you have to go Through that? Listen, it was so damn confusing because You know they started with pronouns, And. I'm like, look, I went to public school in New York City. I don't know what you said about no pronouns. I know no's and verbs. That's all they taught us. You. know what I mean? So they broke it down and all this and it's just, it's too much. And then I got change from calling them. She to now he and they, and I'm like, they bitch, two of you. What's, what's I don't, I don't understand. Oh my God. I just, they is the most confusing one. I'm just so confused. But they took me through the tutorial and You know, they know that sometimes I still, because You know for 23 years you were her.


And now they, and and they, and they give me grace. 'cause they know, You know. Okay, I You know. But You know. They know, he knows you still love Him. They know I love him. They, they, they, they, he, yeah. They know I love them. I I'll fight, I'll die for 'em no matter what. Don't matter. You know. That's my child. You know what I mean? And, I, And I. Think all parents should defend and pull up for their children. You know. That's my child. Ain't nothing. I I I want them to be happy. And if that makes them happy, I'm happy for 'em. We saw you come to Boo's defense when he, the back and forth was happening online with his daughter. Yeah. Has, have you guys spoken like, do other parents call you because you're very open about your journey with, With your No, I did efficacy. People fried me up for coming to his defense. But they did for sure. But I wasn't coming to his defense.


I'm telling people, Hey man, y'all mind your fucking business and let families work out they shit that's private between him and his daughter. And they don't need your fuel and they don't need my fuel. But I'm telling you, when you are ironing out your personal problems, that's between him and his daughter. And everybody got something to fuck to say. That's what I don't like about social media. That man is dealing with his child and they need to express themselves and hold space. We live in a, a society where we are unforgiving and all we do is add fuel to fires and watch it burn and applaud. And I'm, I'm just like, yo, let them let that man hold space. It takes him time. When it first happened to me, it took me time.


You can't expect somebody to instantly be like, I accept everything. It takes time. And God has his way of talking to each and every one of us. We all going to have our sit down with God. I had mine You know and he will have his And I whole space. That that man changes his point of view and that him and his child come together and love each other. Like any black father and black daughter or white or daughter, father. Period. That's what I want. And people, I don't give a fuck. Oh, you shouldn't be saying shut the fuck up. I'm not gonna defend myself with 150 characters or whatever it is now on X. Don't give a fuck. I said, what? I said, I stand by it, You know, let it go. I'll hold space for that man and his daughter to come together as a family and figure that shit out the way me and my child came together as a family and we figured our shit out.


People need the space to have those honest conversations. I agree with that, but I agree with that. But the, the the, you and your child didn't work it out through social media? No, we didn't. Like Boozy was in interviews talking then His Yeah, because my child bent unfollow me Then his child replied to interview. He did. Yeah. That's the problem I be having. Like don't tell your personal business in these interviews. If you don't want The World to have an opinion about It. Yes, but You know and that's to their fault. That's that's that that was something. But they figured it out. And You know as they should. But I just hold space and hold space for prayer and hold space within myself that people can grow up. That people can change. Every person should have the opportunity to change.


Even brothers that are in prison, there's a reason why That's right. There's prison. It is time for you to sit and time out and have conversations with God and reform. But when they come out, we should applaud them for the time they did. They did the time. Now let's hold space that they're better people. Now let me ask you a question. Oh shit, I done got myself in trouble again. You said prison. I'm just, I'm Just curious, how many times have people asked you, have you ever been to a Diddy party? They pulled up that tweet. What the fuck they gotta do with prison? How you because prison made me think about it. I seen, I seen the baby oil behind you. Just made me think about it. Come back. Oh, that's crazy. You do have a baby oil. Alright, so here's the thing. I've been to 10 15, I know Puff since he was puff.


I knew we went to college together. So I went to Howard. I always, always wanted to go to Diddy parties. He at the hottest parties in DC Right? I was too young to get into those. But when I got to LA and throughout the years, the nineties, come on man. My biggie, And I. I've been around a long time. And I will say this. I've never, I've been to maybe 10, 15 some of this house I've never seen shit. I have never, you put detector test on me when they're like, oh well there's videos. Great. Show me you going to see me sipping Ciroc and maybe pushing the deli on to the side because that shit too strong. But you ain't going and nasty and ci You a little sugar. You gotta put a little, you gotta put a little Ciroc in your deli on.


And, but You know, I I've never seen any of the stuff that they say happened. I never bend off, freak off. That's just not, and that's just not my vibes. That's not Wayne's vibes. I beyond that, I gotta honor. I go to a party, whatever. But I always got my mother, my father and God. And you can be around things and then go, yeah, this, this, this ain't for me. Right? That's just never been my vibe. I don't get off. I don't even like watching porn with BBC. No. I want my dick to be the only BBC in the room. We could watch some ladies perform. Sure. But every now and then you come across that one brother and his shit is so big and you go, God damnit Dick shouldn't be that big. That happens.


Don't that shit hurt. That happens. You trying to make her feel bad. That Ain't real. That's ridiculous. All that dick. That real, I'm like putting on Asian porn 'cause I know my dick is bigger than these. I'm gonna get in trouble. That was the shaming. That was dick shaming. I wanna apologize. When you hear these stories though, like and You know they be tragic stories. You hope that none of this, you, you hope it's not true. But you gotta listen to the You know the alleged victims. Yes. He got me sweating. Damn. Hey You know he throwing stuff out. Did it now you too Late, man. You, It's wintertime outside. It's cold man. You acting like it's 30 degrees out. You know, I like my fall clothes. You know, I get to, I get to floss and show off fly shit You. know what I mean? I wait all year for fall. Did you have jokes immediately? Like when you read some of this stuff?


A billion of them. I, oh my God, I, I I hear puff up. I said, man, I got some jokes for you. I'm not sure you want to hear right now. Did he respond? Oh listen, I hit him. I I've known these guys my whole life. I I've been grown up in Hollywood when it happened to Russell Simmons. I'm the wrong dude. I hit a nigga on his worst day. I hit Russell Simmons up And I said, Hey nigga. It was like after the, all these allegations came out, I said, Hey nigga, you having a terrible week to this day? Russell hit me from Bali in some weird fricking stretch position going, that's still one of the funniest things I ever heard. So yeah, I hit them up on their worst day You know And I.


I hold prayer You know for because I know the kids And. I'm just like And. I'm not, I'm not ex excusing any of those actions. I saw the Cassie tape that hurt my feeling. And I. It hurt my feelings to see a black man do that to any woman or any man do that to woman. I wasn't raised like that. Right? But a, as much as I see that video And I heard for her You know there's a a part of me. And that's what I mean, hold space. There's a part of me that hurts for that little boy in there that was taught that kind of toxic behavior. You there, And I pray that he hurt, he heals. I pray that he like he's sitting with God right now. I don't need to throw that man under, under a bus. God is talking to Puff right now. And that's between God and Him and whatever happens, happens.


And that's between him and God. But I'm gonna pray for those kids. I'm gonna pray for the family. I'm not gonna act like it. Stuff didn't happen. And, I ain't gonna act like, nigga, I ain't got no jokes. I got some wonderful jokes that I got in my show. You got a baby when you went to the show? Oh, everybody got a baby old joke. You got thousand bottles of baby. He dropped off one right there. My char. I I'm on my way to Vegas. I mean the Atlantic City, I'm, it's gonna be a crowd ride. We got thousand dollars of baby all on the water. But everybody got jokes and he know what it is. And the kids know what it is. But You know, I don't want to kick him in when he down And I think, like I said, man, I I know, I know that family. And I. I I I pray for em all.


You know. You know also too, man, that the thing I love about comedians, comedians say things and have conversations that everybody do. Be thinking, damn, I saw you on Shaq's podcast. Okay, what I do now, I on Shaq's podcast, you talked about She like, he don't be behaving. You talked about a joke that you didn't want to say. Which one? The Oh no, you ain't gonna get me to say that shit. I just said that Magic Johnson had the good age. What age did you get if you lived 50 years? I want those age. You become a billionaire with aids. Gimme those aids. What kind of age is this financial age? You all of us have had that conversation amongst each other. What kind of age he at? Like he been, You see the judgment over here. Look, he said that.


I just don't, don't the observation. Everybody Talks about it. And, and here's the thing. Either you gonna get bad about a joke or you ain't. And if you get mad, you can fucking leave. I'm not gonna retract statements. I'm not gonna retract jokes. They are jokes. If I didn't go in these dark caves to find this little light and this little elixir called the laugh, then what the fuck am I doing this for? I'm not gonna make everybody laugh at one time. I hope to tell the right joke. That's why you go on tour. That's why you, you work it out. That's why you, you throw different things out there and you let 'em blow up in your face. You're like a scientist. Let me put two parts of oxygen, one part higher, two parts hydrogen bow that blows up in your face. Well, let me try it this way. You watch people walk out, but just because they walk out don't mean it's gonna be a bad joke.


Yeah. I used to have people walk out on that joke and then that became my biggest joke. It was like, they was like, oh, you can't say that. Oh, I offended you. Oh, that means you listening. So let me go a little deeper. Let me dig a little deeper. 'cause I know there's oil here. And when I did You know that that was, that gave me an applause break. That's how, how much people laughed about that because it was literally 10 minute run of just going deeper and deeper. It started with Shaq and it kept going, kept going, kept going, kept going. I, I, I, I, I, they laughed so hard at the Apollo, man. I literally could go sip me some water and take time to set up my next topic.


Did magic reach out to you? I hope not. But I think when he see me, he gonna kiss me in the mouth. Is it funny now? Nigga? Yo, you stupid stupid man. But I love magic. My God. I love magic. I love Shaq. I love Puff. I love all these dudes. But Damnit, I'm a comedian. And look, if you You know my heart like you got, have you not seen the living color? Have you not seen, don't be a ce Have you not seen scary movie? I have made a living talking shit about people. That's what the fuck I do. I make fun of things and I'm not gonna, I'm gonna be unforgiving when it comes to it. Everybody gets it. You seen good grief.


I talked about my mama and my daddy. So you think I'm gonna care about like what magic is feeling or any or Shaq is feeling? I'm talking about my dead mother and my dead father's dick. I'm telling you, I'm gonna go get these jokes. 'cause that's what I gotta do. I gotta heal. We have to have comedians in The. World. Yes sir. Like, like God created y'all for a special reason. Yes. I truly believe that. Yeah. Like the same way there's doctors and You know lawyers. Like you need comedians in The World. And you Need You know you need journalists. You need people that You know sit there and ask the hard questions. I seen you had that lady sweating the Trump lady. She was Oh, Laura Trump. Laura Trump. Yeah. She was sweating up Storm started looking just like her father-in-law. I said this, this, this crazy.


You made the white lady nervous. So let me, let me ask a question. So, and you can't go over there and get no love for her mom. She is like, anyway. Oh, she was about to roast Lauren Every time. She said period bitch, She was on me. I You know. I was wondering, You know you've been coming up here for 15, 16 years. Yes. And we've talked about your brother and Charlemagne has changed. He's evolved. He went to 13. That up. I wanna know Again, can we get hold space for change? Charlemagne 20 years will tell you he was an asshole. Yes. He will tell you, yo, I was in a different place. I could do nothing but shake that man's hand and go, yo, love for real. Because I I, we watched each other grow.


We had our little spat beef, whatever. But I hold space for growth. I hold space for change. Why don't you bring your brother Up here next time? 'cause he's changed because he's above. He's lighter. Nigga don't change. He stay angry. Sean's still mad. I don't, he mad at me. I don't know what the fuck I did. I think I took a shades. Sorry Sean. I'll bring 'em back. But you mad at at you right now? No, but You know what Sean, but Sean Also keeps a low profile. Sean. Sean don't be doing a lot of press and stuff, but Sean, Sean will come up here. Like he Sean's, Sean's grown, right? We all grow and as, as brothers in in, in our industries, there's no time for beef. No time for that kind of negative energy. Good. I only go through negative energy to find something positive.


It always brings something positive out. You Positive You a positive person. Yes. You joke a lot. But you positive. I Think I, if I'm not mistaken, I saw is he, is it Sean writing on Damon's new show? Sean's writing on Dams new show. We about to have a a an announcement. We going announce next week. I can't talk about it here, but a big announcement coming. Well, so I'm just gonna leave it at that. Y'all Rebooting in the No, like I said, it's a big announcement coming. You dig? She want the juice. Can't say that. Gonna what we want from the wind right now. S brothers told Wayne brother told would be kind of crazy. That's on tour. Drink That water kind of hard. Be close. So this is what I do when I call to confirm story. Stop. Okay. You can't confirm or deny, but am I in the right area? If we say that there may be an assembly of the Wayans brothers that includes, includes traveling and jokes, I will just say that there may be a assembly of the Waynes brothers and I'm gonna leave it at that On TV or on stage.


Come on man. Y'all green. What is this? This is like hot peas and butter. You get Mama. I feel like there's a belt around the corner. Fuck that. No, I'm running. No. Leave me alone. So, so Damon's coming out with, with Papa's House. Papa's house. That's what him and him and Lil Damon. And that's gonna air in October


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are Crooks Everywhere. You look now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks Daphne exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Bruce Bozzi on my podcast. Table for two. We have Unforgettable Lunch After Unforgettable Lunch with the best guest you could possibly ask for. People like David Duchovny You know New Yorkers have a reputation of being very tough and, but it's not, it's not that way at all. They're very accepting. Jeff Goldblum. Are you saying secret fries? Secret fries? He's what? That's what you're saying. Yeah. And Kristen Wig. I just became so aware that I'm such a loud chewer. My husband's just like, sometimes I'll be eating and he'll just be looking at me. I'm like, I am just eating like I don't know how else to chew. Table for Two is a bit different from other interview shows. We sit down at a great restaurant for a meal and the stories start flowing. Our second season is airing right now. So you can catch up on our conversations that are intimate, surprising, and often hilarious. Listen to Table for Two with Bruce Bozzi on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


In 1982, Atari players had one thing on their minds Sword quest. This wasn't just a new game. Atari promised 150 grand in prizes to four finalists, but the prizes disappeared. And what started as a video game promotion became one of the most controversial moments in eighties Pop culture. And I just don't believe they exist. Every my reaction, shock and awe. That Sword was amazing. It was so beautiful. I'm Jamie Loftus Join me this spring for The Legend of Sword Quest. A podcast about the fall of Atari and the disappearing sword quest prizes. We'll follow the quest for lost treasure across four decades. It's Almost like a metaphor for the industry and Atari itself in A way. Listen to The Legend of Sword Quest on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, I'm Dr. Maya Shanker And. I'm a scientist who studies human behavior. Many of us have experienced a moment in our lives that changes everything. A moment that instantly divides our life into a before and an after. On my podcast, a slight change of plans. I talk to people about navigating these very moments. The last couple of years has been the hardest season of our marriage for sure. I'm surprised our marriage survived it. I think we both are. I think we both were barely holding on. Nothing compares to how hard this is. Their stories are full of candor, awe, and hard one wisdom. And you'll hear from scientists who teach us how we can be more resilient in the face of change. True behavior change is really identity change. Every action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to become. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Gianna PTI And. I'm Jamay Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline. A new podcast from LinkedIn News and iHeart podcasts. When you're just starting out in your career, you have a lot of questions like, how do I speak up when I'm feeling overwhelmed? Or can I negotiate a higher salary if this is my first real job, girl? Yes. Each week we answer your unfiltered work questions. Think of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in experts who do like resume specialists. Morgan Sanner. The only difference between the person who doesn't get the job and the person who gets the job is usually who applies. Yeah. I think a lot about that quote. What is it like? You miss a hundred percent of the shots you never take. Yeah. Rejection is scary, but it's better than you rejecting yourself Together. We'll share what it really takes to thrive in the early years of your career Without sacrificing your sanity or sleep. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


CBS. Make sure y'all check it out. I've been down to the set. It's a really funny show and You know Damon don't miss. And him and his son Lil Damon's brilliant. And right now there's like 62 Waynes is working over there. So You know the whole set is is all Weighings. And does he, Do y'all seem like a textile? Like, hey man, new show who wanna help? Like, like How did that go? Like a family application group check organically happens. Like my sister Kim is one of his showrunners on the show. So she's writing on the show. We like to have family now. Wow. Because my family like see that's why that magic joke happened. 'cause I had nobody around with to be like, no say no. Oh. Oh. Damon would be like, keep that one. I got a little something more you can add to it.


Do you realize that's one of the funniest Breakfast club interviews? I don't even like to talk about it. Which when Damon Wayne was Up here. Oh, I think that's the one that made him stop doing standup. Because that's why Damon had do standup Don't do standup because he feel like The World became so judgmental. Yeah, And I think he's right, but he's not. What I found is The World is judgmental on social media when I go to comedy shows. That's right. People want laugh bro. I agree. The audience wants to laugh. The the social media got the got the studios fucked up. They got the executives fucked up. They're not making sc comedies 'cause they're scared to make comedies. They don't think people wanna laugh. And I'm like, you are so wrong.


And that's why I'm we coming back. We're in the four or five we about Don hard in them that people need to laugh. And I. I know my purpose You know. I I look at how depressed The World feels. And we need to laugh again. Y'all come Back, We coming Back. His headline, I don't wanna say what it is, but just, just what he said when he was on breakfast. That's why he don't no more interviews. See that grand grant open The grand close. I gotta see what he said. Man me. You Remember. I wanna see. I see. I remember Now. I remember. And it's the way he said it with that look.


And he's just, I remember shit man. But Here's the thing. As a comedian, that man should be able to say what the fuck he's, he wants to say, who are you to tell comedian so bad at now? His job is to find light. I don't care where it comes from, how it comes. You take the darkest subject, the darkest topic, and you go, here's what's funny. That is what my job is You know what I mean? You can't criticize a fire man for not putting out part of a fire. That's right. He goes into burning buildings to, to find bodies. I go into burning buildings to find jokes and that's what I do for a living. And I'm never gonna not tell jokes. Period. And if you get canceled, good You know what canceled means. That means that the the real niggas are staying and them bitch ass niggas went home.


Yeah. So cancel me. Everybody don't got the the back Like the backing that y'all, some communities are scared because they can't just walk away from stuff. Or they're scared that brands walk away from them. Now they ain't got no money and they don't have no ability. Like you guys have a It is different for the Wayne stand. They got The stage though. No, you got the stage. 'cause we have a brand. Right? Our brand has stood the test of times we started in the Eighties. Right. Damn. This is generational. And now probably 40, 40 years. That's Beautiful. Between me, Damon, Sean, Keenan, Kim. That's 230 years of comedy between each one of us. Like we are masters at joke telling people trust our brand with finding the front the light.


When we did in Living Color You know Damon doing and, and, and, and David and David doing Men on Film. That's the first time gay people were introduced into your living room and people felt like, oh this is safe. Even gay people loved men on film. Because the way we do things is we try to do it with kids' gloves. We want the people that we making fun of to be like, oh, that was funny. That's why you can't cancel us for white chicks. You don't love white chicks. The most white chicks. So the people that we send up usually laugh the loudest. And I'm sure Magic Johnson's laughing right now. You know you brought that up and that's funny. Right? Like I was saying earlier, that one, I dunno about that one. I I was saying earlier that we live in a generation that's all about vibes.


But what happened to talent? Because you can go back to any of those in Living Color cast, everybody on there was talented. That's why y'all still here today. Not even just the Waynes brothers. The David Allen Griz. Yeah. The Tommy Davidson. Yes. Jamie Foxx is like, come on Jelly Cofield and All. And people don't argue it either. There's no argument of Jim, Carrie, Jim, Jim Carey. Damon. I mean, because back then it was You know that's what thing social media made, made everybody feel like, oh, I can instantly be famous. You can be famous, but you're doing 32nd three minute sketches, which is cute. But back in the day, you had to earn it. You had to work 20, 30 years in comedy clubs before you had a point of view that Hollywood would then want to take a chance on betting on you.


Mm. Nowadays that you got this many followers, you got this many views, people. Oh my God, that's the next guy to bet on. No, you have to, it takes time. Consistency. I've been doing this now for now me 35 years professionally. And now I'm doing standup now 14, 12, 14 years now somewhere there. And now I'm just now hitting my stride. I think my best years are ahead of me. I'm in that zone right now because it took me 40 years to really understand my art and my craft. And that's just not in comedy. Now. My dramatic is, is on Point You know what I mean? Like I, I feel like our best years and even our wayans years, people need to laugh.


So that Wayans brand we coming back? Mm. With the comedy tour? Abso no, I didn't say was a comedy tour. That was but I'm on a comedy total. Wild Child. Wild Child. I'm in Evansville, Indiana. Where am I at you On November 1st. You in Coachella, California. Yes. November 8th you are in Tulsa. Yes. November 16th You're in Durham, North Carolina. November 17th, Richmond Virginia. And November 21st. You in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Yes. And my greedy ass is also gonna be, where am I going be? I'm gonna be in Evansville, Indiana. And that is, hold on. Who sent me that? Jess?


Somebody sent, I'll get back to it. Jess sent it to me. Okay. I'm in Saturday, October 26th. I'm in Aiken Theater in Evansville, Indiana. Sunday the 27th. I'm in Louisville Palace at the Louisville Palace in Louisville, Kentucky. Friday, November 8th I'm in Tulsa at the Tulsa Theater. And then November 21st I'm at DeVos Performance Hall in Grand Rapids. Michigan. Thank you very much. That's a lot. But I work every weekend. 'cause I this way when I'm doing jokes or this way, when I'm You know, I, I have a sketch or, or I have a a, a movie that I'm doing that I know where the jokes are. They're in my head before I even say it, I go, mm, don't say that. Mm.


Go for that. You, your instincts is built by the stage. 'cause you write on a stage. I'm not at home writing out jokes. No. I write my jokes right in front of the audience and it's live or die every second. Wow. And that's how you get good. What, what's, what's, what's your motivation when you hit that thing? Because you're clearly a very motivated person. I I think that one of the best examples of that we saw earlier this year when You know you and Vlad went through what y'all went through. Fuck That nigga. Fuck it. Fuck him in his beard. You, you and Vlad went through what y'all I Didn't go through it. And I. No disrespect to him. I'm I'm over it. Like, I, I didn't, I he disrespected me. I had no, you should see the, the text how many times I was like, bro, we ain't gotta do this.


Like you're saying, fuck you that we ain't at that price, bro. We don't have to do this. Well, I'll give you 5,000. I said, bro, we ain't gotta do this. I bro, just leave it alone. We good bro. I I, I, You wait, I I'm gonna talk To Ari Spears about this. What the fuck are you telling my business on your platform? That's when it got tricky. How you going to tell my business to another black man about my price? How dare you? Now you trying to make us crabs in a barrel? Now you trying to make me and Aries You know go to war? And I'm like, see that that made me go, that's why I'm not fucking with your platform. Wait, He told you he was gonna do that before that the interview happened? Well, he told me when I, when I told him I didn't wanna do the interview, he was like, well, the price And I was just like, bro, the price is the price.


Let it go. You're saying, fuck you to me. I didn't say, fuck you to me. I, to this day, I still haven't said fuck you to him. The only way I said fuck you to him was when he kept going. I was like, all right, so here's what's gonna happen. You're trying to diminish my value. You're trying to diminish my worth. You're trying to diminish my prolific career that I know I have worked hard for. Now I'm gonna show you r revenge success is a man's best revenge. Now I'm gonna show you me and you ain't in the same fucking league, bro. You would, you don't have a million, do a billion dollars of box office behind you. You don't have a a a a 35 year creating your own material, your own shows, your own se I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna go do some legendary shit and I'm gonna go do it to everybody else except fucking you.


And I went And, I did Shea. And he's like, you can't get more than 300,000 views. I got more views on The Breakfast Club boom. First day, 2 million views. And I'm just like, enough said, drop Mike. And besides that, fuck your beard. I don't like his beard. It looks like Trump's wig on her face. I don't like what's wrong with his be it's ugly. It's red. It looks like gossamer from the, from the Loony Tunes. You know the one that had the sneakers. That must Well, I was just trying to ask you a question about motivation. Marlon, IY did y'all squash it out? 5 million y out YI had looked earlier at the views. It's 8.5. 8.5. But he said, I'm more 300. I was like, all right, cool.


We didn't squash it. I squashed It. He's apologized a lot since then. I He's still talking about it. He just ask somebody else. Dion Cola. I'm just saying kid. I think every time he brings it up, He apologized. I'm just like, let I I accept his apology. Yeah. I am not mad. I wasn't mad from day one Un until I roasted him on, on the Gram You know. I was like, wait, hold up. You said what? And I. I went in on him and then I went the other way. And I showed him that way. And, and now I'm, I'm cool with it. I ain't got no beef with that man You know what I'm saying? But just, just, yo, put some respect on my name, bro. Like, don't, don't come at me like that. I'm a peaceful dude. And if you looked at the text that me and him, the correspondence, you be like, yo, Marlin was a classy dude all the way through.


He messed up when he started talking about my price to other people. That's, and and y'all know this, your value is what you say your value is. Negotiate is what you say your worth is. And if, and yes, I will state the obvious as a black man. No, you won't do that to me. And, I have to take that position. Because if I didn't take that position, we took that position in the eighties to kick open fucking doors to let people know, no, no, no, no, no. This is what we do. This is how you do us. And you have to state the obvious. No, you won't come at me like that. So, and I've I I, I, if he apologized, I accepted. Oh yeah. He, I'm not mad at him time. That's why I said your motivation, because it's not just that moment.


I think about You know what happened with, with Scary Movie and how, how you went to go create your own thing. Like I feel like you need things to help push you to go do something else. Because everything negative that happens to me. I go, what's positive? What, how do I flip this into positive that nothing bad in life is bad. Everything is God. One door closes, look around. There's a thousand other opportunities that come your way. Even Skittles, the Skittles stuff come. I say Everything is and everything is God. I will say that. Yeah. After losing my parents. Good grief. Yeah. I still have, I still have a parent. God. He governs me and he got me through. I If I could tell you what I went through for three years beyond Covid, when I lost 60 people that I loved, it was like God was playing a, a trick on me.


I was just like, are you kidding me? Somebody else? My mom. Whoa. How my father And I, when I went through that And, I was delivered, I was like, yo, God is real. And then my daughter at the same time, I was like, God is real. And God is so good. And, I'm so thankful to know him. And I'm so And I will tell people, you should find God before God comes to find you. That's right. If he comes to find you, it's too late. Go seek him. He will get you through any war, any battle. And everything is positive 'cause everything is God. Amen. Yeah. You have it. Is that what got the Williams brothers back together to do this? Everything Was God You know what I went through with these niggas.


The point is, So the name of the tourist, everything was got, huh? The Wayans brother, comedy Tours, everything Was got That was tricky. That was all. You almost got me. You almost got me on that one. But I'll announce next week and now I'll come back. But this A, this don't Ed tell next week, this Adss on like Monday. Because You Know we do exclusive news here too. I don't, people Come here for news. Well, I'll come back and drop it. He don't trust Us. He's like, I didn't trust you. I play with y'all. Drop Shit right away. The day that you guys are ready to break. Are you publicist? Can we help you guys break that news? Absolutely. Okay, great. She said it right here. She right here. Oh, I'm I about, I'm gonna, Before, Before we drop, drop, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a call. I got your number. Absolutely. I'm gonna call you and I'm, I tell you And I got your number.


You got my number. We've had every wind up here. Not at one time. You, You, you got too many questions. I I can't, I can't. My job. We Even had Keenan up here. Yeah. That's a classic Breakfast Club interview. People don't talk About Oh, Keenan was here. Keenan Was here back the day. That is the smartest dude. You know. I always say I'm the luckiest kid in The, World man to, to grow up in a house with everybody I, I dreamt to be like, was in my house. I grew up in a household with Legends, man. And, and so You know I what I do, I I do it for the Village. I am only me because 'cause of the village that raised me, I'm so grateful for my journey. I've had a, a beautiful time. I mean, Damon, Keenan, Kim, Sean, like everybody I wanted to be like was in my house.


That's dope. Some of them nigga's feet was on me in my bed. Like You know what I'm saying? Like, it's, it's, it's a story that like, I don't think like the Jacksons understand, like That's right. It's a, its a blessing man. So how we getting that story? Huh? When are we getting that story? Which One? Oh, the, the family Crazy. Oh, the Weighs family story. We're talking about it. We actually created a sitcom a while ago. That's what I mean about Hollywood You know. I I, now for me, I really wanna go get a lot of financing. 'cause I just want to do weighing stuff. And I don't need nobody telling me, Hey, we're ready for you to do it. I, no, no, no. I, I know when something's ready, I cook it myself. That's why I pay for my own specials. Not waiting on y'all to tell me I'm ready or what your runway is.


I'm, I'm ready. I'm gonna put this special out. Either way it goes. Now you want to be a part of it or you don't. And I don't need people giving me approval. I know when something's ready. We had this thing growing up wins the funniest sitcom. And it was about our, our family growing up in the projects. And they, and everybody's like, well, we're not doing sitcoms no more. And then that's why I wanna go finance because I'm like, I'm gonna do a hundred episodes and I'm gonna find the platform for it. I don't want to ask people questions no more about, Hey, can I do this? No, no, no. But even do You Want do this? Cool. If not, I'm not waiting on you. But a movie, a movie would be great just to see how the life is. Oh, how Long that movie would be. But it would be, it would be, that'd be long than Gandhi Just to hear all The choice chapters.


How many Waynes is this it Us? But, but I mean, to hear the stories from all the brothers and, and, and everybody just how y'all did it. How y'all came from growing up in the, in the small house in Brooklyn and taking it to where you guys at and Manhattan, You change it. Manhattan, all my Manhattan people get mad talking Chelsea, the We way in Brooklyn, Chelsea to You know, to, to how you change the Super Bowl. Like to just all that in a film would just be Amazing. I think we will. And we're sniffing around it. We we're all talking about doing a lot of stuff. You know for everything from a book. 'cause it's, it's all right now it's all about the branding the brand. Right. So You know, I think we, there's a book, I think there's a doc. I think there's a biopic. I think we're gonna put all that together in the next You know. But it's hard to wrangle 10 people.


It's, that's why Earth, wind and Fire has never had a autobiography. Too many niggas in the band. You gotta get all these different, all these different rights and you need this person rights and the trumpet player's rights and the saxophone player. It's easy when you are a solo act You know it's like, like you one person. So I think we're all gonna collectivize and and get this done. 'cause the people need it. And, I. I want it for the next generations coming up because it's a blueprint for them. And And I, I think I'm gonna start, if my brothers wanna do one, I'm, I'm already working on a book for myself. But I, I think a collective family story was something we gotta do. We appreciate you for joining us. Always. Thank you. You asked me all these hot questions.


Now I'm gonna get a collect call from Diddy from jail. I'm magic gonna kiss me in the lips. Diddy wanna FaceTime? It's this guy's stupid. Appreciate y'all. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast, Club, Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of The World Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story Behind the Rumble in the Jungle. It's like a Hollywood Movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all the biggest Slack artists that on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica, Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm nk and this is Basket Case. What Is Wrong With Me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different meds, But by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress. I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it and why we should care. Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks Everywhere un earths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, I'm Dr. Maya Hunker and I'm a scientist who studies human behavior. Many of us have experienced a moment in our lives that changes everything, that instantly divides our life into a before and an after. On my podcast, a slight change of plans. I talk to people about navigating these moments. Their stories are full of candor and hard won wisdom, and you'll hear from scientists who teach us how we can be more resilient in the face of change. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.