
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t. Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four detail.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out b.com for more. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club.


We got a special guest in the building. Ladies and gentlemen. Fur. Hey, what's popping? What's popping y'all? What's up, up my brother feeling? So no more ASAP Ferg. It's still a ASAP is on my chest. Okay. ASAP is forever. I'm always striving and prospering. But Ferg is like You know, know Diddy change his name. It's a funny name. It's a, it is a funny title to bring up Diddy, right? Yeah, it is. Like, but You know it happened. Yeah. Yeah. Diddy changed his name Yeah. A few times. And it represented different eras of his career. And that's where I'm at with it. Mm. This your baby oil era or Why you go listen, why, why Dare with it? I'm, listen, I'm, I'm Diddy is my family.


And, I love his family. I don't know all of what's going on with this case and everything like that. And it's a bunch of hearsay really. It's like a thousand bottles of baby oil. What that has to do anything with him being a bad man. So yeah. Yeah. He just a rich man with a bunch of baby oil. Just a rich Man. So, so you did say this is a, a, a new, I guess new energy in your life right now to take the ASAP off. So what, what, what is the difference? Is it asap? Is it crew or is it more individual? Is it, Well, I feel like ASAP puts me in group think You know what I'm saying? You think about the era, the, which is a, a golden era You know what I'm saying? Like we changed the game and it's just like, for me to change the game a whole nother way and in an individual way now, like I was known for being Ferg my whole life.


Like I met Rocky as Ferg. I met Yams as Ferg and then like when we came together as a group effort, we all changed our name to ASAP Ferg. Like how Bone Thugs got Right, right, right. You know, lazy Bone, crazy Bone, fleshing Bone. We just basically took our last names and put 'em last and put ASAP as our first. So it's just a new era. I Know earlier this year it was people from the ASAP Mob saying that you were no longer a part of ASAP Mob. Yeah, lls lls said that and he took that, that quote back. Like we, we talked about it and hashed it and, and all of that stuff. But yeah, S and Barry, they, they said that, but my whole thing is like, You know when you doing great, that's what it comes with.


You know people, you feel some type of way. And I didn't do anything to anybody. So yeah. Is the mob so close as they used to be? Close as they used to be? I would say that me and Rocky, we talk every now and then and I always check on his wellbeing, but we so busy just doing our own thing. He got two kids and he's making music and got his career. This, this is exactly going the way we wanted it to go. Like, You know, I got my land over here. You got your island over here. We big pillars. And then when we come together, it is just like, it just gets crazy. So as far as like as close as we used to be, no.


'cause we used to basically live with each other because we used to be on tour together. But as far as love, like I love my brother to death. Like I would, I always want to see my brother do great. And I love what he's doing. And yeah, all my brothers You know. Even s and Bari, like with the whole thing, it just, I always say that people handle fame differently. Like Yams, he handled it the way he handled it and it cost him his life. And it's a lot of access. And You know. It makes people act different. We don't know, like, I don't, I know these people and these guys from a point, like when I met them, they was already like teenagers or like young adults.


I don't know what happened to them in their life before that. Yeah. So what shapes and molds these people in, they, they younger years or as young men, I don't, I don't know what, what it was like in their household or whatever. So when we get the, the fame and the fortune and all of that, everybody's gonna react different. Yeah. Where you been at though? You've been a little quiet. Your last project was 2020. I've been cooking. Yeah, cooking. Yeah. Like You know, we in a game where it's like everything is so quick, so quick. I never believed in like, rushing my process for money. Like I feel like I, I've, I've done that. I've like hustled.


I feel like after I dropped Trap Load my album, like the time and effort it took me to create that album, which it took my whole life to create that album because up until that point I was just living it. And I created a album. So I had Mad Life to talk about on that one album. After that, it's just like chasing a hit. So now you listening to the label, yo put out this, put out that, because yo, this works for radio. Boom, boom, boom, boom. And then it's like, I mean, I, I got mad hit records. Not saying that that's enough, but for me it wasn't enough. Like I wanted to like really figure out what I wanted to say. 'cause You know when you realize you got a voice, you can really make a lot of movement.


And you want to You know as a, as a 36-year-old man, you want to create purpose and have Dr. Purpose driven moves. Yeah. So that's what I wanted to figure out. Like, all right, You know I did that, that shit was fun, but where am I going now? Like, how am I gonna lead the people or what am I saying to the kids? So that's what I had to figure out. Like I wanted to grow as a person so the music could evolve. Yeah. The name of the album is Darrell. Yeah. Now, now why Darryl? 'cause it seems like it is almost like you're going back to the, the origin of, of yourself. I feel like I was running, I was running for myself for a long time. Like my father was such a great man. Like, I'm not sure if you heard him. Street legend. Yeah. You know d Ferg, the Ferg family.


Like it's a whole family of us. T Ferg, they know him. That's my uncle. That's always with me. D Ferg, my dad. You got Kim Ferg, mama Ferg. Kim Ferg used to dance with Teddy Riley and You know she used to be with this crew called the Gucci girls with Dapper then did like all of their outfits and stuff. So I come from a whole lineage of FRGs. And then now it's just going back to the basics and going back to my roots because I feel like I never gave The World that I only gave y'all mobbing. I never gave y'all the individual You know on a live. You said, let me go to therapy and I'll be right back. So were you, have you really been gonna therapy? Yeah, I went to therapy for three years. Like after the, it's a song I got called Pool where I talk about my hiatus.


And I went to therapy after, no, during the madman tour. That's like playing Jane is going crazy. I'm doing 150 people meet and greet. I'm changing my outfits twice, twice a show. I'm like just really trying to like, I'm trying to take it there and I'm taking it there. Like at that time I'm the face of Tiffany's first black person and artist rapper to be the face of Tiffany's also had a Hennessy deal. Adida deal. Revlon deal. Like it is going crazy. And I think that like with all of these things that I was doing, it really just embodied me.


'cause it like, it, it, it embodied me in a good way though. It broke me into a new me because I was like, damn, what am I actually trying to reach? And then when I was like, look at artists that like just keep trying to go, go go, go, go, go, go. And I'm like, what are they trying to reach because like, Oh, what are they trying to escape? Oh. Or trying to escape. And then I had to ask my myself that question like, what am I trying to reach? Like when is, when is it enough? And also I want to experience peace. Like I don't want to have to keep being addicted to working You. know what I'm saying? So And I didn't know if I was addicted to working, but I just, I was, I was in You know when you coming out the hood, and I'm pretty sure you guys came from You know a place where like you had the kind of fight to get out there.


And then it has to become a time where it's like you realize you're not in that fight anymore. And that's what happened. I realized that I'm not like in Harlem no more like fighting to get out of this place. So I had to like change my perspective. I had to get around other people that had things to realize like, all right, I'm not the only one going through this. You know. It's, it's interesting, the reason I asked you that is because You know a lot of times when you first start going to therapy, it's not about what you're learning about yourself, it's what you're unlearning. Yeah. And in a lot of ways that really does impact your creativity. 'cause you like, well who the hell am I, I'm trying to figure, you gotta try to figure yourself out all over again. Yeah. Was that one of the reasons for the hiatus with the music too?


I think it's just growing. I think it's growing. We call it a hiatus, but it's like, that was normal back in the time where like Biggie and Tupac, biggie had like four years. Like he dropped Ready to Die and then he came with Life After Death. And that's all we got from him after that. Like Lau Hill dropped one album and then dropped like a joint with the Fujis. These is real writers. Kendrick took five years off to like You know write his album. So when you putting purpose into music, it is not just about making The World go like this. Like, like I could do that all day, but like, all right, how I'm gonna make The World go like this to the BPM.


But also when a motherfucker come off the high or the the, the liquor and they driving back home and they sobered up, how can you make it hit they soul? That's right. Still. So that's me. I've always been a person that wanted to put the medicine in the music. 'cause I do believe that music is a spiritual thing. Like You know music. We used to sing songs to like You know and slavery. We used to sing song to like tell you how to get outta there. Like, yo, you gotta go to the river and then you gotta get on the boat and then da da da da. Because master not picking up on the, the, the slang and the swag and all of that. So You know that that is, that's what I do as a artist.


I figure out how to communicate to my culture what we doing next. Now you were very vulnerable on this album. Yes. Knowing you for a long time, you've been pretty quiet. Like You know you don't really put your business out there. Yeah. So how were you able to be so vulnerable and how difficult was it for you? I thought it was like cool to be vulnerable. I thought it was cool to be You talk to the Slaves. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm talking to the ancestors. Right. The ancestors came through me. Nah, I thought it was cool to be vulnerable because we are in a town where being vulnerable if you can be vulnerable is cool because the kids, they put everything out there.


And at first I thought that was kind of like crazy. But then when I like really got hip to like what's happening, it is a shift in culture where it's like, it's a lot of information being put out to us. We got Hulu, we got Netflix, we got YouTube, we got all of these outlets and you have to stand out some type of way. We in a time where it's like we are battling for attention span. So it's like the realist, like real TV changed that You know real tv and then you had Love and Hip hop and now you have straight up Instagram stories Yeah. And reels and shit like that. So, and your music, you have to be honest because it's like, if I'm, if you're not saying some honest shit, I'm just gonna look at this dude's story and like, he's not even rapping.


But this is more interesting. Right. Did you, were you at all worried about how vulnerable you were gonna be because Oh wow. Yeah. You opened up about some pretty tragic things like that happened to you as a kid. Yeah, so I mean, it took me eight years to write Pool. Like it was three songs that I had wrote to get to that point. So I wrote a song called We Don't Judge and Chance The Rappers on there. It, I, I'm gonna still put that out with Sta Stacey Barth. And then I wrote another song called Innocent Child, which was like three different stories. About three different, I mean, yeah, three different stories. About three different people.


The last story was Mines. And then I was just trying to refine like, and then I linked up with my boy Kirby, who he designed, he's the designer and owner of Pierre Moss. I just love his storytelling through his clothes and how he speaks to The World. He kind of grabs the bull by the horns and we got in the studio and he was just like, yo bro, like you itching towards it and you're scratching the surface and this song Innocent Child, when you need to like really just dive in and just go crazy. That's why you called it Pool. I called it Pool because of, so I got Dr. I got basically I'm, I went to a a don don't want to tell the the whole thing.


We heard it in the song, but yeah, I want y'all to go to listen to it because that's where you'll get like the really finite detail of the song. But basically it was an incident that happened in the pool when I was a young kid and it's a, everybody's around and everything like that. And You know for me it was like weird. And then I was like, and it was like one second, but I'm like, why? And it just made me ask why And I wanted to basically create a piece of art that my kid could find or like kids could find and, and listen to it. And, I'm still jiggy, I'm still this person or whatever.


And you and, and let them know that like the things that happen to you really happen for you, but the things that happen to you can, it's it is, it doesn't make, it doesn't define you. It doesn't define you. Exactly. So I, I was like, and then also I was thinking like all these rappers and people just be like, yo, we on demon time, we on demon time. I'm like, when, when has that ever been cool to be on Demon time? That's real. Like, that's like not cool. Like to be on demon time, like we on demon time. Yeah. People don't even know where that energy comes from. Like you just tooken by yo we on demon time. Yo, this is just, is what it is.


And I understand. 'cause like I got homies that's in it. Like, so sometimes you forced to be in it, but if you're not forced to be in it, then it's like, why you want to be on demon time? Like we should be like wanting to help each other. So yeah, that was just what I was creating that song for. And You know, a lot of people say we on demon time and they don't talk about the demons. Like let's open this up. Ooh. Yeah. Like let's, let's, let's, let's dissect what the demons is. Like let's sit at a table. That's what hip hop is. Yeah. Hip hop is religion. Hip hop is our spirituality. Like hip hop is this like, if when this mic, when the, when the cameras is off and You know we going, we giving each other fathers shit like that.


We are gonna talk about this conversation. Like you, that's some real shit. Like, but why we can't talk about the real shit on camera and have these discussions. Hip hop is the thing that unites religions and kids You know there's Muslims and Jewish people that's war on with each other. I went to Jerusalem, had a show. I seen all of them turning up together. I got back home like they letting me have it on. Like, this is how I knew it was a problem. 'cause I'm not knowing like I'm making music, but like, I'm not knowing that I did something like powerful. But like when I get back home, I check on my dm, they like, yo, how you gonna perform for the Muslims? How you gonna perform for the Jews? Da da da da da. And I'm like, yo, the kids don't wanna fight.


The kids want to like unite the kids want to see the light. The kids are caught up in something bigger than them. Something that's been going on longer than Them. Exactly. But like who's really having that conversation? Like, why we not having that conversation? Like, I don't know. Was It difficult to pin the, to write the words for Pool? Is that why it took eight years? Because just being, just publicly addressing You know what happened to you. You know it, it's hard to address molestation period. But also if it's molestation from the same sex. Was it just, First of all, I just had to, I I was looking at the, the news that y'all put out the other day. And I had to like research molestation and like molestation sounds so crazy to me.


Like it's like, oh, like You know. It could vary like what molestation is, regardless of what it is. It can, like how old were you? I was nine years old. How old Was the person? The the person was way older than me because he was, you were Molested. I used to think this, I got molested by, I read your book. Ive, when I was Eight I used to look at it the same way. Like, oh that's not, but You think of the worse, when you think of molested, You think of the But but it Still molested. Yeah, it is like you got different levels. Like You know I was touched. Like I, to be clear like You know it doesn't make it no different because You know everything affects. I was like groped basically.


And it, it is, I just found it weird 'cause it's another dude like absolutely. Like what the older Dude Were you scared to, that was not weird. Like you. Yeah. Were You scared to tell your family because your family comes from the street? I know you said you told your cousin. Were you scared? 'cause you knew that if your family found out? I told my cousin because he was my age. And I didn't want to, I didn't want to feel weird. Like I'm holding this thing to myself. So I had to tell somebody. And then years later I told my mom after seeing a precious movie. And then people was like standing up. We went to, I don't know, we seen like a, we went to like a premiere of the precious movie and then people was like standing up and telling their stories after the thing. And I told her like on the train.


And she was just like, what? For real? When? I'm sorry. Like she just felt like a bad mom. Mm. But like, You know, we in the hood, we going to the pool. We That's right. Going to the park. You, you just never know. Like weirdos could just creep up in the mix. Yeah. And you can't hold your kid by you 24 or seven. Like, so that's a, and then the hood, I mean, and then not just in the hood, everywhere I feel like this shit is going on and people just not gonna talk about it. And I'm like, yo, what am I talking about? Like, I didn't make that happen to me like that. Like that shit ain't mine to like, we trying to hold inside like, And it's powerful that you sharing it.


Absolutely. For sure. Yeah. A lot of brothers there. I think the only other person I even heard talk about that in rap was common. No, common and Denzel. Curry both of Them. Yeah. People say that Kendrick said something about it, but I think that was about his mom. Hmm. I don't remember. Yeah. He has a song on his album. The Big Steppers. Is it called The Big Steppers? Yeah. Mr. Yeah, Mr. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Did you And Denzel have those conversations when y'all was recording demons? Nah, I didn't even tell d him to what to write about. I actually, that was the last song. 'cause that was just me by myself at first. And then I was like, yo, how can I turn this up? But he heard the context. Like me and him have like a a, a telepathy that like we don't have to talk to each other to know what it is.


So he got it and he understood the assignment. How did y'all end up piecing up? I know y'all had like a, a little Beef. I never had beef with him. Mm. I'm like, I'm not the beef type person. Like I, I'd rather like, I'm not, I I just don't have to talk to you. You know what we beefing for. How did y'all connect with that? After that though? I took Denzel on tour. On Madman tour was, it was on the first Wing. It was Playboy, Cardi and somebody else. Oh, I think it was IDK And. I had like, I had came off tour during that time 'cause I got, I was just mentally and physically drank. And then I came back on and then I think he came on for the second wing.


Mm. But me and Denzel always been cool, like super cool. We, we was the type of dudes talking like, yo don don't know what they doing. Like yeah, they tripping. But yeah, I, that's my buddy. Like I love Denzel. He is my favorite rapper. Yeah. Now you said way, is it hard to have these conversations because I, because I could always think about You know when, when you sharing so much of yourself and you being so vulnerable about certain things, but then you do gotta go out here and do interviews and stuff like that. Is it, is it hard to have those conversations? No, I just think that it's, it could be challenging on how to, because You know you get ridiculed and all of that stuff and people love to take sound bites and take it outta term.


And I have to be cool with that. But I think that is really on how I convey it. Like that's what I focus on. Like, I thought about this interview like months before I got here. And I really? And I was like, yeah, I'm like, 'cause I'm gonna, I knew I was gonna have to talk about this stuff. So it's just like, how do I talk about it? And You know this is not first of all a easy, you don't hear. This is like the first type shit. Like, like somebody talking about this, this open. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm like leading the the pact for a new way right now. Like, and not easy. So yeah, it's like it is gonna come out the way it come out.


But I just try to figure out like, all right, how can I best You know, paint the picture exactly the way it is in my, my mind. And they coming from Harlem, which is DePaul's Capital. Yeah. Did you even have that conversation without somebody Saying it? I'm, I'm grown, right? Like Yeah. Like that's, that's neither here nor there. Like You know and Yeah. Pause. Like it's still pause. Pause. Like my gay friends say pause. Yeah. They gotta be from New York. I feel like they probably the only gay niggas that say pause. Yeah. I was gonna ask, you said that you feel like you should be in the conversations when it comes to Kendrick Lamar, j Cole and Drake. Then somebody would say, but this takes you too, too damn long to put out a project.


Kendrick Kenrick the same. Yeah. Kendrick Takes Cole the same thing. That's what we do. What Was your mindset behind? I thought I was dead. They thought I was dead. They thought I was dead. I aint never thought I was dead. Okay, Well tell me the mindset behind that. The mindset behind that was the ills comment. You know what I'm saying? He said I was a You know I was burnt out Trap Lord. Can't get it. Right. I remember that. I remember that so vividly. That's crazy. You, the you the most active from asap. Well to me, musically. Musically, musically. Musically. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he said that when I had like a, a song on a billboard with Nas, the Spicy Joint and a song with Nicki Minaj.


But I love s You know I love him even when he don't know I do or if he don't think I do. But


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Coming soon to Prime video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I'm connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for What this killer thinks. He's the smartest guy in the room. So lot speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years known cross, I learned to dress his gut against inside's head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at and t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Welcome to The World of Bose ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come on in Bose Ultra Open earbuds. Own the gift game and check out bs.com/iheart to shop now.


Yeah, that, that fueled me. And I was just like, You know what? This is great. 'cause for so long I felt like nobody was trying to fuck with me. Like I needed somebody to like poke me, like poke the beer so I could get better. Like, so I, I just used the fuel to just create and, and yeah. And then also I was looking at Dion Sanders team, they just kept losing. So I'm like, I'm gonna create an anthem for them and just for any anybody. Then it turned into, for anybody who was doubted, I wanted to create this anthem for, it Feels like the album is kind of like that. Like you feel like a lot of people doubted you in this album. And it's like, this is my way of giving y'all the middle finger and telling y'all I'm back. Nah, it wasn't really, it's a few, it wasn't a lot of people like, 'cause I know I'm lit.


Like I, that's not a a question in my mind, it's just I'm talking to a few people and you can hear it like You know. I, I say some names. I I'm sly with some things. But you, you get a, I'm very transparent on this album Now. You said that you corrected me. You, you never thought you was dead. But you have a song called Alive With a Sad Face Next to it. Explain. Alive. Unhappy. Alive. Unhappy. So it's called Un Alive Unhappy. Okay. I just thought that'd be cool to like use a emoji. Yeah. As a part of the title. Another thing with the, the title, and I'm gonna get back to what you was asking the title reads is it's basically a summary when you read it down of what the album is about.


So you could like, like Work, thought I was dead alive, A lord demons, messy French tips, dead homies. Catherine spelled fool chosen Daryl. Exactly. Yep. So what you asked again, what was that I Was saying because You Oh, alive. Unhappy. Yeah. Alright, so basically now that leads us here, light work because I'm a light worker. Like I sat down with these mediums and they told me I was a light worker. I come to shed light in a place of dark And I was, you've been Doing the work work, huh? Oh yeah. That's what's up. I'm not playing. We here to, to fix things. So light work, I come to shed dark. I mean light in a, in a, a land of dark. So, but in Harlem we be like, oh that shit is light work. That shit is easy.


So I'm like thinking like, yo, this is light work. And then I had my little cousin do that on a song. This is light work. So light work goes into, they thought I was dead. They thought I was dead 'cause I've been going for four years. And then you go to a live unhappy, which dapper then is speaking on the intro. And then alive and happy is basically just saying like, nah, I'm not dead. I'm alive, but I'm unhappy. And that is the why I've been gone. So a lot of unhappy. And then it goes into why the allure with me in future, the allure, the game, the, the money, the fame, the drugs, the booze, the everything.


You know we have five people die outta asap, yam Yams, Chyna, Jay, Scott Prey and Josh You know I'd be, I wouldn't be surprised if it's like somebody I'm missing. But yeah. So a lot of unhappy. And then you go into Allah and then Allah with the allure of the game comes the demons. Now we talking about the demons. Now what I said rappers wanna talk about demons and how they on demon time, but they don't open it up. And I'm not coming at no rappers. This is just a pamphlet on or a blueprint on what, what we need to do. Open those demons up and let's talk about it.


So I, I start talking about the demons. I see demons everywhere. Demons from the pain, demons in my cup, demons in my brain, demons in the fool, demons with the fame. Demons in the sun. Demons in the rain. She on demon time. She don't need the vibe. No, I got a girl. She don't even mind don don't got a condom. don don't need to find demon in my mind, telling me it's fine. So we go into demons and then we go into messy, messy, messy. Because with demons, shit get messy. That's right. And then messy, it goes into French tips. You know, getting messy with my girl, I'm fucking up all of that shit. But like, I'm also showing gratitude towards my lady and that song. And then we go into casting spells.


Dead homie. No dead homie. No dead homie. Sorry. That's another, that's demons too. Like all my niggas is dying, all of that. I gotta deal with that. And then we go into casting spells, which is like more about like manifestation. What we talking about? Power words. Power words. That's why they call it spelling. It's like casting spells every time you talk. So You know Young Thug was locked up at the time and he was locked up behind bars for his bars. So I did a painting. I painted all of my my cover art too. Cover, yeah. So I did a painting called Young Thug. And then it has like bars, like jail bars and then it has Rico and Blood behind bars.


So it's like put re put the Rico behind bars because we getting locked up for our bars. So yeah, so we got cast and spells, then we go into pool. This is when it like start getting real in in the skin into the, the spirit of what this album is about. And then we go into Chosen because that is an affirmation to myself. I'm the chosen one. And then we go into Darl. I arrived to myself for myself. Now you, you talked about on on a Live On On Live. You talk about how you only got one more album with Sony. No, that's on thought I was dead. Oh. Thought I was dead. I'm sorry. It was on thought I was dead. What, what's important to you at this stage of your, your career when it comes to like just renegotiating if you even wanna renegotiate?


Just more freedom, more money. I got signed, I had three partners basically in my pocket. It looked easy and breezy. I never talk about business. I never talk about family business. I might talk a little bit about family business and songs Get trouble, get in in trouble for it sometimes. But yeah, I had, I had You know three partners, And I had to work through that for 10 years. So everything that you see I have, I had to work like 10 times harder to get it. So now You know I have one more album, I'm gonna make some more money. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.


Point blank. Period. I got things I need to do. And I noticed on the law. People were talking about futures verse. People were assuming that he was talking about gunna. Of course when people send you verses, do you listen or do you not care? That's their own artistic way of feeling. Oh, I definitely listen, I'm listening. And I know what people was talking about. But yeah, artistic Freedom. I'm not allowing nobody to like it's words at the end of the day. You know what I'm saying? It's words like we see, I think Future and Drake just got linked back up and they cool again and nah, They said that wasn't real. They Said that wasn't real.


Oh, okay. Well You know, I, I met Gunna through Thug, so I'm loyal to Thug. Whatever Thug Say is good is good. You know, I love, I love Thug and I've grown a love for Gunna and when I see him it's love. But at the same time it's like whatever Thug say. Have you spoken to Thug since he been on? I haven't spoke to Thug when he was home, but I went to his girl's show and we had spoke on the phone. Alright. How was it working with Mary j Blige? You got her on two tracks. Mary is the queen. She is, yeah. Mary is literally the best in The. World. Like we are the same spirit, like Uptown Energy, her remixing, like Roy Air songs.


I love Roy Ears. Yeah. It is just like, it was a dream for me to work with her. She actually chose four songs to like jump on. She wound up getting on too. Wow. But yeah, I do a whole album with with her. She, she's amazing. That's Good. How has therapy kept you grounded? More poised? It gave me tools to work through thoughts. It's like I look at my therapist like a life manager. Like we got managers for our money, we got managers for our work and like we need managers for our mind. And you might need a spiritual, spiritual guide too to like guide you through the un unseen.


So it's like, that's how I look at therapy is just like a life manager. It it, it, it helps me put things into perspective, like you said, unwinding things and breaking conditions and, and like understanding where things is rooted. So you could kind of look at it and just be like, oh that's popping back up. Let me, let me dive in. And then also like meditation. I've been meditating for about five years now. Like religiously when I had like heavy anxiety, I was meditating for 30 minutes in a day, soon as I wake up and then 30 minutes before I go to sleep. And then that shit literally that and the therapy.


Like I used to go into the therapy office and my leg was moving like this. I used to watch my father do that all the time. And when I first walked in there he said, you see your leg moving like that And I was like, and then I just stopped and he was like, yeah, that's anxiety. And anxiety also don't only have to be from trauma or whatever it can be. You are happy, you are excited. Yeah. Album came out today. You want, you wanna see what it's going to do, how people react to it. Yeah. Like when I walk Kendrick through Harlem, my anxiety was through the roof because I'm like, Kendrick one of my favorite rappers. So it's like that right there was like, that was, that was cool.


That was some cool shit. Niggas can't do that. Yeah. Nah, You know what I'm saying? And he, he, he was protected. Nothing happened on my watch. I'm like that's what you was more nervous about. Like make sure I wasn't even thinking about that. T Ferg really thought about that. 'cause I just don't think shit gonna happen to me at all. Mm. Yeah. But like yeah, tell me about that. Yeah, you walking, we walking him through a Harlem. So I had went to his show and he was like, yo, I got a a day off tomorrow. I'm like, you trying to go to Harlem? And he was like, yeah, I'm down. And then Dave Free called me. He was like, yo, this nigga really trying to pull up to Harlem. So I had to like put a whole itinerary together and randomly wind up being dapper Dan's birthday.


Wow. That day he didn't even know I was coming to see him. And I brought Kendrick to Melba and then we went to Dapper Dan. I brought him to my hood, showed him like the stoop that You know I used to hang out on. And it was like, he's like, You know they don't got hydrants open in la So he's like touching the water shit. I like, this nigga acting like that's holes water. Like yeah. I just thought it was cool And it kind of like, I seen the, the kid in them, like we walked through two fifth like from like seventh to eighth and You know, like we, we walked past the Apollo. He looking at the DVDs that they got on the table and, and it was early so all the kids was in school.


So it wasn't like crazy mayhem. We was like low. We was like damn, like where everybody at? And then I crossed the street, we went and we got like some mangoes from the Mexican lady. So it was cool. And that's what is that the video where he did the pullups Where he Yeah. Yeah, that was the video. Did he beat t Ferg in the Pullups? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Pull up. They gotta, they gotta do a rematch. We said we gotta go to Compton and they gotta do the rematch 'cause we can't go out like that. East Coast. You heard Another thing people was talking about earlier this year. I don't know if you spoke about this anyway, but when they, they was looking for Rocky to be on Romeo. Yeah. And then when he put it out, he wasn't on then. I think Rocky Low Key used that verse for another song. Oh yeah. Yeah. So that's what happened. But he ain't tell me that. So you had to take him off?


I didn't take him off the the the version still exists. We could still put it out. Yo everybody, all the fans go Hound Rocky to drop his version of Romeo. 'cause whatever other song he dropped, we don't remember that. Go drop the Ello verse. We need that. That back and forth is crazy on some Jada and Styles going back and forth. Crazy And You know people always talk about your face when they, when they did the, they show that video of Rocky talking about fighting in jail. Yeah. The classic, for whatever reason that goes super viral on TikTok all the time and they always doing it on your face. What were you thinking in that moment? I was just listening. I wasn't even thinking And, I didn't even realize I was doing all of that with my face Until I seen that.


Like I was like, yo, the, I seen the mic drop like this. And then I'm like, and I'm like, and I'm like, because this is news to me. Like I never, first of all Casanova, when he first came home he told me he was locked up with F Flaco. And I didn't know that Rocky was locked up. So that was news. And then when I think I brought it up or he brought it up during that interview and then he started going to the details, this was all news to me. So I'm just reacting to the news. And, I didn't know I was looking like that. Did y'all talk about it afterwards? Like Yeah, we laughed about it. You Rocky like shit like that. He's silly. Like he Rocky is Yeah, he, he Rocky a different type of dude. Like he ain't tripping about none of that shit.


At least to me. Do you miss that he just having the whole gang around? No, I don't. 'cause it was a time, yeah it was a time when we was kids. A lot of it was fun, but a lot of it I was just like, man, I can't wait till I have my own bus. Mm. I can't wait to like, it's my time to like pick out people who I want to roll with me and do my thing because I don't smoke weed. I don't, I don't do a lot of the things like, I mean the girls, yeah we was doing a lot of the Ts but we You know it was some fun moments in that And I like to leave it like that.


Like it is legendary. Like I wouldn't want to You know if it's some a thing where like any of my brothers need anything. Like I could pull up on 12 e work through stuff or You know. But yo that's 11 years in front of y'all. But like You know what I'm saying? But before that we like in Harlem doing the same thing but not in front of The World. So You know all together is probably like 17 years of just us. I'm ready for new, new things like You know what I'm saying? And, and like I said, if any of them need anything, I'm here. You need when, when you am. I do sorry to cut your wisdom, but I do feel like we gotta get this ASAP movie together and we gotta get the Yams stuff together and tell the story because we are getting of age and it's that time.


Yeah. I was gonna ask, do you think Yams being Yams, he felt like the heart and soul of everything, you think when he passed that like changed everything, the whole dynamics of the group or the crew? When he passed? For sure. 'cause Yams was fighting. Like I watched Yams catching seizure at Coachella. He went to the hospital and he came back and he, he still trying to fight to everybody and talk like, well he wasn't fighting but he was like fighting through that, having another seizure. You know while talking and trying to get everybody together because you got different textures and You know I might be like silk and like Rocky might be like hemp and like Nas might be like leather.


So you trying to mesh all of these different fabrics together. And that's a tough thing to do, especially coming from Harlem. Like, and Yams, I like Yams just Yams. Yo, every time he talk it is just like he was getting electrocuted. He he just catch another, it's not funny, but like at that moment I'm like, yo bro, you are gonna die. Like you gotta stop you, you stressing yourself out way too much. Like, and that's, I don't miss that. I don't miss that energy. And I don't miss. But it was, it it, it made me into who I am. And I know that, that's a very real thing. And that's why I also feel like this album is important.


You speak about therapy like in past tense You know you, you're not in therapy anymore. Oh nah, nah, nah, nah. Okay. This is my therapy now. Got you. I You know talking to y'all. Yeah. So whenever I need to like talk to somebody, I'm gonna come here. Nice. No, you should go to your therapist. You should definitely go to your therapist. Like, I, like you said, it's something that you, you keep like, it's like a doctor. It's, I need Like, nah, if I need it, like I will go but I, it, it was times where like I'll just go and be like, yo, how is the family? And then like yeah the family is good. Like yeah. So how was like, how was Thanksgiving and it, we ain't got nothing to talk about. Yeah. 'cause I got the tools. I get you. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to us about Ferg Apparel.


You relaunching. Oh yeah, just show it. Okay. That's what's up. That was your pops line, right? Yeah. And you're relaunching it. It was a, it is a family brand from the RG Empire. My father started in 1994, had a store in one 45th between seventh and eighth. And yeah, I just thought it was time like with like this whole me going back to the roots. I just thought it was only right. I never really put the energy into like relaunching the brand. I always use the logo, but I wanted to relaunch the brand. And I. I felt like it was a whole demographic that wasn't getting fed.


And that's like the Uptown Energy. Like we don't got that, we don't got that in fashion. We don't got the stories. And nowadays kids love going shopping at vintage stores and stuff like that because those clothes hold stories in it and they want to be in those stories. Now they, they'll spend like a thousand dollars on like a Selena shirt or like You know Tina Turner. So I just wanted to like provide the stories to them because that's important. They were like my, my friend's son, we was, we was all working out. Well my uncle's son, he was, we was working out yesterday and his son is 14 years, well 17 years old. And he's just like asking me like, yo, when you was 17, like how you was doing da da da.


So they need the information. They need the information. So I want to give it to 'em. Absolutely. I I was watching Head and Gina Views. I saw you on there on Effective Immediately. Yeah. You, you said you, you got a job at Roc Nation. I don't have a job at Roc Nation. So Jay, Jay Brown is my manager and along with Kaylee And I brought in my Uncle Dion. But I had a internship at Rock Rockefeller back in the day, well not Rockefeller, but Rocka wear and yeah. So we, we working together like, and it's, it's nice. Got You. Got you. Got you. My, my last question man. I saw a quote where you said it's okay to grow up and that's what I wanna show my community on this album.


So it just made me wonder why do you think our community is the one that judges people for something as simple as wanting to grow up or wanting to better yourself? We watch all of the great people do it. Jay-Z Kendrick j Cole, I love Snoop. Snoop is my favorite rapper of in The World we got the same birthday October 20th Snoop is my favorite rapper because he was the first to show his kids like, yo, this is my family, this is my kids. And be like a gangster rapper. Like I thought that was super dope and he could be gangsta but also still be gangster and do a Martha Stewart show. Yeah. And not look like he compromising himself.


So I don't know if that's some Libra shit, but I rock with that. Yeah. Well let's get into a join off the album. What you want to hear. Chosen. Chosen. Yeah. Alright, Well we'll get into that now. The album Darryl is out right now and we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Yes, thank you. Thank you For having you. It's Ferg, it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba. Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. btw group, no purchase necessary Void Web prevented by law C terms and conditions. 18 plus Chum.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also sent me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He is like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts, wear 'em with jeans wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up Travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break


High five Casino. High five. Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com I Five Casino is a social Casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com I five Casino.


Oh hi. This is Chelsea Handler from the Dear Chelsea podcast. This episode is brought to you by O Pill, the first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the us. I love shedding light on what's important for women's healthcare, and one thing that makes healthcare easier is making birth control more convenient to access. Well, let me introduce O Pill. O Pill is a daily birth control pill that is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus, there's no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over a sentence. I very much enjoy saying this is our moment to take control of our health and reproductive journeys. Because O Pill is birth control in your Control O Pill is available online and at most major retailers used. Code O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C-O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com.