
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club Charlamagne. The guy Jess, Hilarious. DJ Envy is out ba Lauren la is in. And we have some super, super special guests, man, some legends are in the building. Erika Alexander and Kim Cole. Thank You so much. Morning. I take that every day. Hello. They have a launch, the ReLiving Single podcast. New episodes come out every Wednesday starting on May 7th on YouTube. Mm, absolutely. What inspired the creation of the ReLiving Single podcast? You start. Well, you know, looking at my Gucci, it's about that time. Why not? It's been 30 years, actually, 30 years, two years ago.


Actually it's 32 years that we had the anniversary of our show. The problem was, it was during the, the, the strike and no one was allowed to say anything about anything that was on a studio and or network type of thing. So then nothing happened. And for a very long time I was asked about Reboot And I always said, no, haven't we all been asked about? I always said no. Yeah, you have said no, haven't you? I said, why? Consistently? 'cause I didn't wanna go. I'm very identified with that character, Maxie Shaw attorney at law, And I love her. But perhaps, And I always say this very honestly, if I had a big film career or something that would offset it, that would be nice. So it wasn't just a matter of me saying no, I would be stepping into something that I didn't think I could shake as easily as you know, other people.


And so this opportunity came and was approached by Eric Ings at a heartbeat, and he said, do you wanna do this? I said, no, not really. I don't wanna do it. But he kept asking And I thought, well, it's the 30th anniversary. People really love it. They're doing things all the time. Why not? And it's an opportunity because of you, Charlamagne learned very well with Color Farm, and you've giving us opportunities with finding Tamika and also with Kevin, with, sorry, with the the reparations. Big payback. Yep. The big payback that you can go deep in podcasts where you can't do that. Even in documentary and with episode after episode, we'd be able to talk. And then they approached Kim And I said, yes, I'm, I'm waiting.


I'm ready. I've, And I actually think that, you know, this is, this is shallow. I know. I think we all still look good. Let's dood the reboot while We Yes. On Listen, everybody's busy and everybody has their own other thing that they're doing. And so this was an easy way to give the fans and the friends of the show a taste of what they want. For sure. Everyone will come on the show And I can't, I don don't know if I can give away that someone has already come and taped an episode. Smooches. That's Ken. And so it's a chance to go deep, like you said, we are gonna talk about the behind the scenes and the things and, and actually we've known each other for that. Long revelations have come out. That's true. Like things have come out like, I didn't know that about you Erica. I didn't know that about this. True that was going on behind the scenes. And so the audience will be let in on something very powerful that could not even happen on a reboot.


So you're welcome. So many white shows do it. Scrubs have it with, I can't remember The Brothers, Donald and Yep. And this Is Us. Yes. This is Us Boy Meets World. Yeah, the Office. It's the first Black rewatch show. It's Sopranos. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We are Probably hosted by the actual cast members that I can think of. I could be wrong, but I can think of, I Feel so, so it feels like the right time and we we're having a good time doing it. Have You guys ever thought about if you did do a reboot where the character's lives would be now? Like what would the storylines be? I have, And I don't know if I'm right, you know, like, you know, there, there was talk on the, on Living single that Sinclair and Overton would have twins and their names would be Sin Cloverton and over Claire. Oh, that'd be Song brand.


So With that, we have twins. They're grown up. They're god boy a girl. They're fabulous. They're, you know, loving. So I, all the things, all the things. Maxine Shaw would be governor. Yes. They, you know, probably ruling, like she is always, has always been, you know, obviously she has to be tied up with tcs, Kyle Barker. Yes. And they had a child on half and half. I don't know if that child still exists. I don't know. Emini here, you know, that's a good question. She might be in a, in a bar somewhere. Emini here. Sorry. In a, a Mexican jail somewhere doing her damage. You know, maybe she was burnt out by life. Right. Who knows? Emini, here you go. That fast pace, you don't always win. And a lot of lawyers burnout. So I would love That could be so good because Emini here, even I was about to say even Khadija, what she would have to make changes.


'cause there's no such thing as the printed, She would be a media mogul. Yeah, I suppose. But here, that's the other thing too. I remember, you know, the fans always say, where's a re reboot reboot? And one time I saw somebody say, no, I don't wanna see, see where they've gone. 'cause in my mind they live in a perfect space, in a perfect place. And so anything that we do, there'll be somebody who disagrees with it. Well, why is she in a, in a jail? Why is she, why? You know, whatever it is. Like there, there'll be no, it lives in a perfect space where it is right now. So maybe let It be. Yeah, definitely the jail storyline. We wouldn't want that, you know, Situation. You know what I'm saying? Meaning she was having too much fun. Yeah. Emini here. But the why, you know, you're saying something very real and a fact meets fiction.


That's where we are coming and talking about something that's very fact. You know, Maxine Shaw is a fictional character. Eric Alexander's a fact. Eric Alexander in 30 years of Living has changed, you know, and we had good days, bad days. We have, you know, ups and downs. And so I'm hoping those characters would have the same things that we had to What moments on Set of Living Single helped shaped who you all are off camera, not just as actresses, but as women that had to navigate fame and friendship and career pressure. Hmm. What moments shaped who, What moments helped shape who you are off camera? I think we, we got along really well very quickly. I felt the energy from the first table read.


And so there was an energy and a respect and a friendship and a sisterhood and a brotherhood that developed so quickly that, that permeated everything else that we did. Like we would go and hang out together. Erica and TC have the same exact birthday. Wow. The same day. Wow. John Hinton's birthday is two weeks later. So we would go out and like, what do y'all wanna do for your birthday? Salsa dancing, let's go. So we, we became family really quickly. And so I think that that helped infuse the energy on the set. And in our characters. We really were friends and we really are still friends. So, But they were also, you know, movers and shakers. If you're 23 years old and I'm faking like I'm a lawyer, I'm, I have a high school degree And I think it made me want to level up Emini here in my reading and how I, you know, approach life Emini here.


She was a killer. She was a, a real winner. So I'd like to say that that shaped me a lot. I think it was already there, but I really liked how she was, she had integrity. I don't know. That's a really good question. It really is. But I think that a lot of things that have happened after the show have been very in, very consistent with what our characters might have done. Well, I want y'all to think about that question and unpack it on the ReLiving Single Done podcast. Okay. We gonna think about it in that would be a Charmagne Question. Char Charlemagne has submitted this question. I'm Club Segment where people call I was gonna say, Are the fans and the friends of the show can That's true. Send in their questions in, so we call it True Blue.


Get it tight, tight Night blue. So we'll make sure we sending that one. So you heard it here first and then we'll unpack it further. Thank you. He's giving us homework. I know This is heavy, Heavy lifting. Erica or Ms. Alexander? What, what do you want me to call Eric? Erica's. All right. Okay, Erica. So the Great though, Alexander, Erica Alexander the great period. I was reading his article on m MSN and MSNBC's website and there the writer was talking about how you're, she discovered she was late. She had discovered Living Single for the first time a year ago, and like deep dived and like went and read conversations around it. And she was trying to figure out why you didn't want an Emmy for your performance. Oh, that's good. And I, and when I read it, I'm like, first of all, late to the party, but welcome.


But I thought about it And I was like, Emini here. Like, what's that feeling like for you? Because Yeah, like it, you said you were how old portraying a character, 23. 23 portraying we would've never known. You sold it, you did it. Like the storylines that y'all dive into, you know what Emini here. Like, did you ever feel like there were things that should have happened for you in that role? For many people, I'm unfortunately in a, in a, in a club that no one wants to belong to. And especially if you think that, and you know, I'll take the compliment, say thank you very much, but I was right alongside people like Cecily Tyson and all these other people would never won anything for the work that they had done. And Cecily Tyson has since gotten an Oscar and she got it before she passed and those types of things.


But no, I think blackness, racism, all the disparities inequities were there. And especially in the, what is it, early nineties. Mm. And I say the black or the berry, the sweeter the juice, the tighter the noose. They don't let you go. But so far, and that's real. So it's tough. It is. That's real. And so I, I'm, I'm very gratified, but it's nothing you can do about it. There's people like Abbott Elementary and all the other people and they've come and doing very well. But, you know, being a dark skin actress and also being funny and maybe not being the ideal of what they thought funny girls looked like. Right. They didn't know what to do with me. And I got offered nothing after I finished that show.


Absolutely nothing. Nothing. No. As long as I'm alive, I will never understand that. Because I feel like we grew up, as far as TV is concerned, in the peak, you know, black excellence experience of television. Cosby show was the number one show in the country. Different world was the number two show in the country. What more do black people have to prove when they got that? Felicia Rashad never nominated for it. Felicia Rashad, eight years Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. There's there's no explanation except for, you know, the gender and race disparities that have plagued America for all this time. And it's not unique among, you know, just political people, creatives, always.


Y'all dealing with it now, y'all in the, so that's what, that's, that's our race. Harriet Tubman did hers. That's ours. How did working on living single change change or change your view of black sisterhood? And did it shift the way you approached friendships in your, your real life? Not for me, because I have incredible female relationships. Incredible. In, at my high school, we just celebrated our 45th anniversary last week. I would, I couldn't come 'cause I was headed here for y'all. And so I've already had The excuse you gave, You got me here now.


Excuse. I'll see you all at the 50th. I plan to tighten it up. So I'm real cute by then. But the, the point is, I always had really good friendships and, and, and actually it felt normal to me to be around women that I respected were all different. But I respected and loved. And so I had that And I had that, that strength. So it just felt like, that felt like home. I don't know if that's the right answer. What was the question? Did I answer? I'm just back now. You're talking about the family. Sorry. The fri the women friendships. Right. You know, I an all girls high school, right? So Philadelphia high school for girls. Gotta give a shout out. And I wasn't good with girlfriends. Mm. They said I always loved boys. I always love men. I'm a guy's girl. Same. I always have.


I grew up in Arizona. I'm a tomboy. I always thought men don't love men, by the way. No, no, no. Not that she's said. It wasn't. I didn't, I'm Used to having good girlfriends. I understand. But for all that, I went to an all girls high school. I didn't necessarily think that I practiced much because that was my preference. It kind of still is. I just think that there was a lot of freedom I thought that men had, they took me, took me for, I don't wanna say one of the guys, but once you showed you could stand up with them. I got a lot of truth about who I was next to them. And I thought sometime I was pulling my punches with women. Like, oh, don't say that. You're gonna make her feel like I didn't have time for that. Yes. I completely resonate with you. That's how I grew up. The same way I had maybe what three homegirls, but I had like 10, 11.


I always went where the guys went. I'm hanging on the court. That's how I became so quick on my feet with Ben. Exactly. Having jokes, throwing them back. They throwing 'em at me. I didn't feel guys didn't get offended when I'm joking with them, you know, girls, they a little bit more, you know, and I'm saying they like, I'm not one no Girl. Like, you know, you kind of, you know, you like, you feel very protected in that space too. I feel very protected and loved and respected. They do respect and respect. Respect. Look at you like, oh yeah, that's how girl, that's my girl. You know? Yeah. So I've I've been like that as well. What I wanted to ask was, do either of you think that friends, the show friends truly owes some of its success to the groundwork laid by living single?


A Hundred thousand percent. A hundred thousand percent. Moving on. Next question. No S Right. And I always, you know, this is a little fact that most people don't know is that the president of the network, of their network, NBC at the time had been asked if there was any show that you wish you could have purchased for this, you know, upcoming se season. He said, I wish I had bought Living single. Wow. And then a year later there was friends. And so it absolutely tracks and yeah, great show And I wish them all well Yeah. But it absolutely was influence. We we influenced them. Yeah. And it was also tough because, you know, we were both Warner Brothers production, we were on this little ranch lot, you know, off to the side.


And they were on the big lot. You know, we have a cafeteria and you have little tri, you know, bicycles you get from here, here and there and there. And, and the salary disparity huge was huge. Oh, very different. What acts? The access they had to marketing, the access they had to all the money and all the things was very different than what we Had. Yeah. We had craft service table run by this old, not first season old white dude named Pops. And he's putting the things out like rich crackers and pickled eggs and we're like, bowl of eggs. No, we, we gonna fart all day. We try to work. It got better Emini here. It, it did get better. We had to ask for that though, right? We had to ask for air conditioning. We had to ask for lots of things. All these other things. Ask for better trades. Shouldn't have to, I had just come from the Cosby show, the biggest show in The World. I wasn't expecting it to have that kind of, you know, leverage.


Right. But you did know when you thought you were being treated less than and they didn't have to because like a lot of productions, if you put very little into black people, we, we give you more black show biz gives you more. And when they see that the investment's not necessarily there. And that's what you really miss out on. Did living single even did it get pitched to NBC? 'cause it would make so much sense. 'cause like you said, you were on the Cosby Show, the success of the Cosby Show in different world. NBC should have stood for nothing but college after that. What success after nothing but color, I Wouldn't got,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there, find out more at State Farm dot com.


Nothing But the black show colors. That's not what didn't happen. Actually. The good thing about it, if you, if you watch, if you listen to his show and watch it, Kim has the origin story. Kim is the origin story. Okay. The show was created around Queen Latifah and me. A lot of people don't know that. They called me into a meeting at Warn Brothers and we wanna do a show. And a lot of people don't know this either. The, the, the idea for the show, the impetus was, you remember the movie Jungle Fever? There's a scene that they call the the War Council and it's a group of women sitting around talking about men and relationships and you know what they're dealing with. And they said to me, and I'm assuming they said to Latifah too, in a separate meeting, we wanna do a show that's about this. And I said, if the show is about bashing men, I'm not interested.


And not that that scene in Jungle Fever was only about bashing men, but they were handling a particular topic and they were like, oh, okay. 'cause I love men and so if we can talk about the relationships and you know, the growth and you know, being driven and what do you want? I was like, I'm in. And they were having the same meetings with Latifa. The two of us were put together and then we together agreed that Yvette Lee Bower should be the one to create the show. Mm wow. So to be there at the beginning and to be involved in creating Sinclair and involved in knowing what the relationships were gonna be to start with, and then to hear it and watch it unfold was exciting. Yeah. I say the best and, and you know, privilege And I get that privilege right. And unique too. We gotta give her props because both she and Latifa asked for a black showrunner.


There were very few black anything, especially in Hollywood. A writers, let alone a showrunner. Yvette Lee Bowser happened to be on different world doing her thing. She was on hanging mi Mr. Cooper. She had the background, but they weren't necessarily gonna just give that to her. Right. So you guys asking, So somebody black and somebody female, that was a A bonus. Bonus. That bonus like a right. Yeah. They just, They just gave into that. 'cause during that time, I feel like well, gave us Somebody and if you, you know, you get two people that you've created a deal around and we both go, yeah, she's the one. They go, okay, well let's give her a shot. Wow. And also the other piece of that, we both were at the same agency. So our agency helped. And, and, and Yvette was also at the same agency. It's called a Hollywood Package. Got you. And so was Kim Fields in that agency.


And so was John Hinton. The only two people not in that agency were me and tc. Right. So did you guys talk, because a lot of times now on TV people are like, we should have conversations behind the scenes rally together and then go to the forefront and ask for We went, did y'all, did you and Queen Lat for y'all agents get to do that? We Did. We did. Okay. So that list and us, we each met with her separately and we both together said, oh, she's the one, let's go with her. Got you. Then. And then, you know, the, the agents do their, do their movements, you know, that, that we do know about and that we don't know about. But yeah, there were, like for example, the, the, the, the name of the show was not originally living single. Mm. It was my girls And I tell the story on the podcast of we were like, they wanted to change the name to living single and we thought it was horrible.


Who says that? Nobody talks that way. I'm, yeah, what's up? I'm living single. It's like they, the words didn't Match. And so I have a memory, And I don't, Dana would have to correct me if we got into a little golf cart and went from the, the plantation lot where we were over to the big lot and got invited into the office of the president of the network. Like, you know, president of the production company. Like, like, You're going Oz. Right? Like They got Bottled water here. Right. Disrespect That name. We would like to protest. And he was like, all right, well thank you very much for giving your, And I think that came, thank you for your feedback. Right. All right now. And it was like, oh, that's a terrible name.


Now it's the best name. Like what, what else would the show be called? He basically patted your on the head and said, right, all right, now good for you in This, we got back in the golf cart and back up to the other side of the hill. You know, So I I I can't wait to hear the episode with TC Carson. 'cause he's spoken about, you know, being fired from living single after, you know, for that, for that treatment. For that treatment compared to friends. Right. So how did the cast as a whole feel when he got fired? Did, did It Was grief. Okay. It was a lot of grief. Did anybody Fight for him or, Well, I fought for him. We all fought. Then we go on, come on now. We All fought for him, but it was done before. Here's what the timing of it is. He was let go just before the, you know, they called the announcements for the shows, the upfronts. We all come to New York.


There's a big announcement. We're on stage with Fox and all the other Fox shows. I didn't find out until in the hotel room, you know, the, the day before. Oh, by the way, TC won't be there. He's been let go. So it's like we're, so we're talking to Yvette, we're talking to people and going, what's going on in It was, my understanding is that it was already done. So you fight for him. But if, if I, I don't know what else I could have done. If the decision had already been made Other than I wanted not to come to work. Say not. I wanted to, it was, I thought once we got on set that we would talk about it and maybe Just say we were not gonna work. That's like hardcore. But it didn't go down that way. And in fact, two years before I had tried to leave myself Mm.


And got threatened to be sued. So I already already stepped up And I knew where I could, why did you wanna girl? I was like, no, but you go ahead. I'm Doing an interview now. I wasn't, I, oh lord, see I don't wanna start crying. I wasn't, I wasn't happy. And the, the thing was, I didn't think that I was being used. Well and it's, it's a longer story to that And I don't want to, it needs more context for Yvette Lee Bowser's sake. Because Yvette Bowser had a lot to do with six different characters. Right. And there were lots of things going on. But also, I wanna say something that emotionally, a a month before I got that show originally the pilot my father had passed.


Hmm. I had had a lot of things that I dealing With mentally. Yeah. Yeah. And we didn't know that Erica, this is one of The revelations. I never talked about that mess. But the whole time you were there, you never talked about your father passing away. No. 'cause I don't complain. I don't talk, I do my work. I keep it Moving. We knew that her father had passed away at some point. 'cause we talked, but I don't think I knew that that had happened a month before. And to know that in this is one of the rev revelations that happened on this podcast, it's like therapy. You're welcome. I didn't know that. Yeah. And no, but there was a lot of things going on that, you know, you want to, you, you think you want to talk about differently maybe with your character. Right. And, and maybe the reception wasn't where I thought it was, but I, I just said I gotta go.


'cause I'm like, I'd been in theater and been doing other things And I said I can go back to New York. I don't need this. And it didn't work out the way I got, I got threatened to be sued and all that. Which is, which is another reason you probably didn't tell everybody what you was actually dealing with because they'll do stuff like that. I we'll sue you, we'll Fight. Exactly. And I going, I didn't have the most powerful agent. I didn't have that. I'd always gone on sets alone. Right. You know, so I was there alone in that, just trying to think it through. And I thought at the very least I could just go back to what I was doing. Now, back to tc. 'cause that's what I think that he didn't have that we were, didn't have the armor and we also were darker.


And I have to say, there's something to that feeling like you're, you're unprotected. Yeah. And when you get back and there is no plan and you don't necessarily, you know, friends had gotten together and they all got together to talk about their salary. They, they stopped going in and they got their salaries corrected tremendously. Right. It wasn't that feeling. Although we were all rebels and very supportive in our own way. I don't think we knew what to do. And it hurts my heart. 'cause TC deserved more support and there was nothing I could do. And I even said, look, fire me. I'm the one who would like to, to go. And it wasn't, it wasn't something that could happen. And it was wrong to do. It was wrong to do that to Him.


Was he mad at y'all because he's, he spoke up for the treatment that, you know, the unfair treatment that y'all was receiving and you know, you would think that would be a collective thing. Like, you know, oh, none of y'all gonna got my back. So if this is happening behind the scenes, and if you don't know, oh no. Okay. We know that we were getting not getting the right treatment. If his, if the decision to you, you, it's not like we were brought into the meeting. By the way, we're gonna let TC go. It's not like I didn't know that. Latifa didn't know that. We didn't know that in advance. I didn't. It was unexpected. And you wait until we arrive in New York to go, by the way, TC won't be there because of this. Dana And I get on the phone and go, what the hell's going on? We get on the phone with Yvette and Yvette is like, that's it. That's it. I didn't know there was something else that I could do in order to, to bring him back.


If it's been, if, if you're being told that it's done, that's it. Deal with it. And we don't go to Work. But that's 'cause we were young. Of course there's something we could have done if we all band together and said we're not going in. We could have, we could have made something happen that was not a thing. We could've called the naacp. We could have done these things. But these are things that we didn't think about. Yeah. You know, you didn't know how much leverage you'd have after that. I'm telling you that. I know I fought, I know I sat down with Yvette. I know I had these conversations And I don't think he knew that. And it took years. And we had a conversation where he said, why didn't y'all stick up for me? I said, that's not true. That's Not true at All. That's not true at all. And I hate that you went all these years thinking that didn't happen. Yeah. But wow. It's also his story to tell.


Yeah. Yeah. And there's some parts and pieces that he thinks go win a certain way. And there's certainly, I feel very much my outspokenness might have put him in a position too. He thinks his outspokenness. But I was very outspoken. I was writing letters to the network and doing cos and walking out, you know, And I don't think that that was necessarily always taken well by people who want to control you. And they, they broke apart the two people, me and him. You think That's, and it's also, there's another story to tell. You know, our, our story. There's his story and then there's the story on their side. And maybe this is a conversation that, you know, I don't know if Yvette has ever talked about it publicly. I don't know if Warner Brothers ever would or if they ever cared to.


So it's, I feel like, well all Those people are gone now from Warner Brothers that we knew. But we, We are bearing the burden of why didn't we do something different and not, not getting a chance to get a a a another view from what was, what was happening from Yeah. Because they were saying it was a money issue. It's not a money issue. Oh, that's what, that's what we're told. We're paid a enough for it to be a money issue. It wasn't a budgetary issue. Wasn't because we brought on a new cast member and we bought on Dallas. So that's not true. I don't know what's true. All I know is that he was gone. It was right. And let's go on record to say he's a magnificent actor, always on time, always knew his lines. It did not make sense. And there you, you're living in a world that doesn't always make sense and certainly is not fair on the podcast. If if If y'all had Instagram, would you have gone live and just absolutely just air out the whole cast And We had Nothing back then.


We had nothing back then. I would Of course we Would've. Of course we would've. I would've I I'm telling you, I would've don't do that. He did. I did that. I did that the other week, couple weeks ago. Oh no. Just that day. Alexandra agreed. But you just did it. Yes. And people, And I didn't think that my badge was gonna work the next day. 'cause I Chop And I came here speaking to everybody, nobody speak back. And I, I knew why That's a lie. Whatever. No. You know, you didn't, you say gimme a hug because he Laughing And I was so mad. What they laughing about ain Funny, the elevator on me and he called me whack.


It was a lot going on, but it's growing. Was This not a conversation you could have had privately with them to fix with me? Did you Conversation before and after that. So yeah. I wasn't wrong. It was wrong the way I did it. Did the Negotiation work for you? Did that Tactic work for you? That's here. We're family. We're family, We're here and we're family. I had a court makes family. It's conflict. Yes. We don't go through this life with everything per collaboration, conflict and you know, confusion. Yeah. Leads to confession. Yep. We got that. Period. I don't want that much conversion. They gotta go do Sherry Lauren And compassion. Oh man. You Get some compassion.


That mix. I know, know. Come on the podcast. You gotta answer this. But I hope y'all gonna get into the, the beauty center and the weight loss stuff that Queen Latifah talked about that they threw on you guys. Oh, make sure y'all getting that in the podcast. Please. I would love to have the conversation. Absolutely. And they said they gonna have me on there. Absolutely. Please. Oh, please. She said have me too or she gonna go back live again. Let's Do that. Let's do it. Welcome. Thank you. That would be our pleasure. Thank you. The legends, Erica Alexander and Kim Coles. Make sure you check out the ReLiving Single podcast. New episodes every Wednesday. Starting this Wednesday, May 7th on YouTube. And yes, I am gonna talk to Erica about getting the audio on the black effect. Goddammit. Yes. Do we have to protest happen To the man?


It's The Breakfast Club. Yes. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top reasons technology pros wanna move to Ohio. A thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you. And since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.