
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most Deals are barely Worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At and t. At t connecting Changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Wake that ass up early in the Morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren Oz is filling in for Jess, and we got some special guest joining us this morning. We have Tamika D Mallory, welcome back. What's Good Family And Angelo Pinto. Welcome. Thank You for having Us Now. How you guys feeling? How y'all feeling? Good You know, ready for the fight every day We're feeling good. I mean, we're in a poor political moment trying to keep our eyes focused on election and just You know, be present for our folks. I, I saw you at the DNC last week, Tamika, as an activist. What did you see at the DNC that you liked? What did you see that you didn't like? I mean, You know. I thought the DNC was important.


I've been doing this for a long time as You know. So I have been to a number of conventions, And I get the, the, the importance of bringing the base together. And that was certainly the case. I think Chicago also did a really good job of moving people around, by the way. And so I thought that was good. It was an opportunity to see a lot of political operatives and having opportunity to talk to them directly about issues. And You know people walking the halls. They didn't have a million security folks around them stopping them from talking to the people. So I thought that was good. You know, obviously Michelle Obama was the hi. The highlight killed, I think, think they gave her enough time and space it seemed, because it's no way that she articulated her speech the way that she did without it being her.


Like it had to be her word. She had to be involved in nobody wrote that and gave it to her. Yeah. And so she really did her thing. I thought that You know the president, the former president Barack Obama should have had her speak after him. He should have opened for her. I agree. She Was a closer de Absolutely. Michelle You know she was incredible. I mean he's, I went back And I listened to his speech as well, because I think being in the space with all the people screaming and everything that was happening from Michelle's speech that I didn't hear him well enough. So I went back to really listen to what he said. And they was both out there. Like they was, they were firing For real. He still, he still sounded like a politician though. He still sounded like he was running.


She is, he is. She didn't sound like That. He's, he's a po She has made it very clear that she's not running for anything, period. So he, he is a politician and he's gonna be You know more safe or whatever. But If, you listen to what he said and really just kind of unpack some of his statements. You can tell that one they just tired. So they're just at the point now where it's like, we don't need nothing for you. You don't, we don't need a job. Right. We don't need money. We don't need anything. So we just saying how we feel. So I thought it was, it was good for that. There were other speeches. I thought a OC was great. I thought You know, obviously Jasmine Crockett, she always, I, I love the way that Sister is just real. She's just herself.


I thought that Raphael Warnock You know speaking on the children of Gaza was important. Very important. So there were You know a number of, of important highlights. But of course what I didn't like is I don't, I don't feel like enough people including, and well, I'll get to that in a moment, but I didn't feel enough folks were talking about police accountability. I thought Sonia Massey's name should have come up many times. Correct. Because You know this is a sister that just recently killed You know was was shot by that officer in her face. And so I thought that someone should have pe more people should have been talking about that You know. I, I noticed that they brought out the officer with the weapon on the stage.


There was a lot of like military kind of You know, even the vice president saying that we are gonna make sure we have like a lethal military. Yeah, yeah. That type of language is triggering particularly to You know our communities because we are already dealing with militarized policing and, and we are looking to fi find ways to reduce it versus You know more. But I do also understand that she has to be very clear that she's able to run the most powerful nation, as they say in The World. So because The World is volatile right now, so she gotta put all the other countries on alert, the Russias, the Chinas, the North Koreas Don about the business. So it's bigger You know it's, it's a macro and a micro, but I still think that a part of the micro that we as black people are living under this military or militarized government, I think that You know if, if, if we could fix that, we might be able to deal with some of the external stuff that's happening around us.


So it's a big political discussion that You know, hopefully we will continue to have, well we will 'cause You know we gonna push the issues. And so You know. But let me ask now. So You know, this conversation has been a conversation we've been having for a while now and it's, it's recently reignited the last couple of days. Especially applies that people feel like they shouldn't question the vice president. Right. What are your thoughts on that? You know, I think we all feel, appear that you question any politician. It doesn't matter if they black, white, green or yellow If. you have a problem or you wanna know about your interests. It's no problem with questioning them. Well, First of all, shout out to my brotherly. I love him and like this brother over here. I debate with both of them back and forth as you should your issues all the time. That's what we do. Correct. Charlemagne's the only boss I ever had that I could go, I'm not your boss.


I could debate with all the time right about, I just hit him up You know I don't agree. You know. I think I see both points. On one hand what I believe, and I'm, I'm not gonna speak for PLAs, but I do see him online and some of the, the traction and traffic that he gets, and what I think he is leaning into is the idea that people are questioning her for the wrong reasons. Mm. It's the intention behind the way in which they're pressing the vice president. And they did the same thing to Barack Obama and then trying to You know, of course they're not black enough, they're You know, they, they're not qualified and all of that. So I I I think that that's part of the statement that he made.


But at the same time, I come from the idea that we can never ever stop putting pressure on elected officials. We have to be questioning them at all points. But we also have to be very genuine about what we are questioning. Why we are questioning it, it leading to an end. Or are we just doing it to find ways to discredit someone who's in a position of leadership. So I see both sides of it. And, I think You know. I think, I think either way, you, you go and And I understand the point is that at this moment there she is talking about policy. Right. I hate to hear people say that the vice president is not speaking on policy because when you are listening to her, I heard her talk about priorities.


That's right. And priorities are supposed to equal policy. Right. It doesn't always happen that way. That's why the people have to continue to put pressure on these folks because you can't let them talk about one thing and not do anything about it. But I've heard her talk about a number of issues that in my, I I think you would say the same, that these things are priorities of hers. You know, Rebuilding the middle class. Absolutely. The opportunity for everybody to own a home, own a business, Talking about economic issues, talking about women's right to choose. That's right. Talking about things happening overseas, talking about Israel Palestine. I mean we, we hear those things coming from her. Now over time she's gonna have to break it down.


Right? And there's gonna be interviews and debates and all of that. But I also went back and listened to other speeches 'cause I was like, let me see if I'm missing that. These other presidential candidates have just been talking about all this policy stuff on the acceptance night. They don't that of the nomination and it hasn't been there. That's not what they do. I think the other piece too that applies in others is Angelo Pinto, by the way Yes. Are talking about is this idea that if you're gonna question her question everybody Yeah. Keep the same energy. Do y'all Feel, I was say, do y'all Trump's the same kind of energy? I don't know about Trump, Especially from black folks, but here's The thing. Black folk, most black people I know aren't supporting Trump. We're supporting the Democrats.


Right? So we pressure Sure. The the party that we support the most. Right? Sure. And that's been going on since 2016 as far as as at least I see, right? That we've made these people step up and have to come with black agendas, which they never had before because we started asking questions and pressuring them. I think it's a two-way street. I think because it's a black presidential candidate, she's gonna have a particular kind of scrutiny that they should have. But I think there's scrutiny that comes to her just because she's a black woman. Yeah. That I think in many ways is misplaced. And I. Think what some folks are saying. Be honorable in your questioning. Right. And don't let your questioning come from a place of gender or race-based bias. Because white candidates, even though they may be questioned, they're not gonna get that.


Mm. And I think that's what some folks are saying. And I think that's why Michelle Obama was important. She's saying her and her husband have been here before. They've seen not just the political components of what's gonna happen, but they've seen some of the hate components that she's gonna have to endure that make her political trajectory harder and more difficult. But also the American public's perspective is going to be skewed because of race. This isn't simply looking at a political candidate and saying, what are their policies? We're saying this is a black woman woman. Okay. And what does that mean for us? And should we trust a black woman? Can a black woman lead And, I think that's some of the questioning that we're seeing that we're saying we don't know If.


you should ask those questions. But You know This point. You know what with Joe Biden, we asked questions that people were upset that we asked. Oh, he hated that too. You know, we asked, I get it. Ask about early signs of dementia. Well, you shouldn't be asking that, but I'm like, it shows that he's, he doesn't look as as well as you did three years ago. People are about That. You ask the questions too because I think sometimes it's an Attack. It's tension. It's the intention behind it. And you can tell, I mean, come on. Like we listen to people and we know that part of the questioning is really for them to say, we don't like you Kamala Harris. Period. So no, nothing that you do Right. Will we ever be okay with because we don't like you. They are people, both black, white, all kinds of folks who don't want women to be in positions of power.


They don't want a women president, a female president. And that's it. So I, again, again, I get the balance of both. But I also understand that we have to always, always question and demand. Yes. And it's the way that it's done in an organized fashion is what makes it real. Right? Like, 'cause you just being on social media talking about the woman ain't black, that's not You. know what I'm saying? That's Angelo. For people that don't know who, who you are, break down who you are. Tamika's been there many times. Certainly they don't know people listening. Angela been there too. I've been here before with my son and H son talking about gun violence. But I'm one of the four co-founders of UN until Freedom. I'm an attorney by trade and I'm also the activist in residence at Yale University.


But do a lot of work around policy and political change. Gotcha. He's smart. He's smart. Smart, Smart. That's why I have him. That's Another Thing I wanted to talk about too, in regards to voting. I And, I always feel like they end up pointing the finger at black men. Right. Because that, that was the other thing I had, the problem I had with applied statement. He said, black men, he started with black men who look like me are quick to ask if Kamala wants my vote, she needs to explain to her, explain herself to me what she's going to do for black people. Number one, I, I don't understand why black men are always getting the finger pointed at this one. We're the second largest voting block. Mm. Say that of Democrats. Yep. Like I don't understand why what all of a sudden it's black men are a problem. Well, I would hope that plazas would come up here and y'all will have this conversation directly.


Because You know I I'm sure, again, I've been on his page a lot. And. I see the feedback. And my son is kind of in the same boat. If you will, because he's been communicating a lot with black men and there's a different energy around Kamala Harris that they both are experiencing. Right. Like just dealing with you don't go on the internet arguing with Johnny and, and tutu all that. That's not your thing. Well some of them are actually not bots because I've been, I've seen several of my son's friends questioning, why are you supporting her? Blah, blah, blah. So it there is, there is And. I'm not saying that the issue is what the media and others are trying to put forward.


That black men are just this overwhelming number of black men won't support her or are with Trump. Right. I don't believe that that's true. But the numbers are increasing. Their numbers are increasing. And I. That's what they say. And there are reason, well, I mean, I can tell because in my own family, I know what I know the difference between the way black women and black men. Men in my family are speaking. I can see my cousins starting to be like, well, You know Trump And I have more money in my pocket. And You know it's a, it is a different feeling. So I can see it on a real level. And and and by the way, let's just put this on the table. I will not sit here and blame black men for that.


I blame the Democratic party there you just as much. That's right. As I do that, anybody, any other part? All the people, everybody in charge of anything. It's day fault. No. As respond to our, are responsible for how black men feel because they ignore that particular voting base. Right? That's right. Black women. Absolutely. We have organized ourselves to be able to fight for what we want. We have, we fought to make sure that Kanji Brown was selected to the Supreme Court is is selected, well it's not really selected, eventually appointed. But they do kind of, they go through A process. They go through a process. Ka the vice president.


Y'all let us, We were You know in the trenches ensuring that black women are not overlooked. Right. And, I wanna see my brothers be more organized the way that black women have organized ourselves. Nonetheless, when I go and read the platform of all these different candidates, you see a void in how they speak to and address the needs of black men. I heard someone say last night that black men don't only care about criminal justice and like that's a fact. You know you mad at Trump on one hand because Yeah. He's sitting up here saying that his legal issues is what black men are attracted to. But then on the other side, when you hear these candidates who are supposed to be more liberal and progressives speaking to black or to black people, it seems like they're directing the criminal justice police reform conversation only to black men.


And so that, that there's an imbalance there. And if we wanna see black men back into the big tent that we're supposed to have, yeah. We have to actually have a, a program and platform that focuses on black male Concerns. I think it's the type of black men too. Because I think black men who are traditionally engaged politically, who are somewhat sophisticated in political process have not moved a lot. But those who are new to the political process, black men who are older have certainly shifted more towards Trump. I have a son and a bold son who are both voting age and they both were talking about they're voting for Trump. I'm like, what, what, what is we talking about? Yeah. You can't, so we had to have real conversations about what does a Trump presidency mean?


Why are you aligned with this individual? So I think there are shifts happening, but it's not with the black men who are traditionally connected to the political process. Because there's a lot of black men who don't see themselves when they're watching the political conversations happening. And that's something we've been talking about for weeks. How do black men become a part of these conversations? Right. But not just become a part of the conversations, but have real decision making authority in the political process. Because black women have found their way to doing that. And black men haven't, even though, to your point earlier, we're right behind them. Right behind. So we haven't got the kind of political benefit from our political investment. And that at some points makes black men shift in another political direction.


And we're watching some of that happen. But the other piece is that that can be a very slippery slope and an avalanche could come while it's only a few percentage points, it could increase quickly if something isn't happening. Yeah. Doesn't happen. We also don't have a problem with people asking me why I choose to support the vice president. And. I don't know if y'all know this every day on this radio, somebody calls in and it's same question asking me, Charlamagne, why are you, why Are you, it's the same question and the same answer every day. I feel like people listen Because I ask when when a brother tells me they support Trump are even a sister. I ask why. Sure. Because I want, I really want to know. So I don't think that's a, a bad question to ask. Right. And you, but People don't listen though. Like, like you said, you said, and you said too, you said, people always say, Trump put money in my, into my pocket right now.


People have confirmed, said it a million times, that money didn't come from Trump. He just signed his name on it. Right. And we, everybody explained it 1,000,001 times, but people hear what they want to hear. Well, not only did he not sign it, he tried not to give it to folks. His entire party was trying to block it. Right. If, you really, really gonna get to the bottom line. And I'm not even like a huge Nancy. I'm not a Nancy Pelosi person. I got my reasons for that. But I can tell you that she was really leading the charge to move the entire Congress to vote for the stimulus package. That's it. That's what happened. So we can You know, we could throw all these other theories and conspiracies out there and concepts that are not facts.


The facts are the Republicans did not want to give this stimulus money to y'all ass. Okay. And there were other folks who had to fight to make it happen. So It's when it happened though. So when people think about how they feel, that's right. Moment's. Right. That's look at it's so good to see people being able to travel or being able to eat. That's right. And like you remember how somebody made you feel. That's It. Even if it wasn't them, they were just in proximity to that Moment. Yeah. But can I just say, I hope that we also recognize that grandmamas had to die grandfathers families. That's that's a fact. 10 20 people had to die. That's a fact. In order for that money to make it into your pocket. Right. It's not like And, I could see if Trump had a policy where they just decided we are about to give American citizens money that is not connected to a pandemic, then you might have a different type of point.


Basic Income. Exactly. That is not what happened. The money came because families and particularly our people were dying in the midst of a pandemic. Now you could say whatever you want, how you feel about the pandemic and vaccines and all of that. That's cool. But the reality is that people were dying, hospitals were full morgues, were full. And that's why they had to find a way to put money into the, the pockets of American citizens. So let You know long as we talk about the facts. I'm cool with whatever decision you make in terms of who you wanna vote for. 'cause certainly no one will tell me who I should vote for, who I should support. But let's just make sure it's based in fact and not something that you just made up.


And lemme tell you, Trump is very, very good at marketing. That's why he held those checks. So you could have had them a few weeks earlier, but you got them later because he wanted his name on those checks. So when you strategy open it up, you could look at it and say, Donald Trump is responsible. And you still think that now. So the strategy work it did. Well you said you guys were having conversations with men. Like I feel like people are not listening to Kamala. Like the people that I talk to, they say they're voting for Trump. The stuff that they're saying. I'm like, she literally, she's speaking to that. So why don't you see or hear from her? What can she do better strategy wise or marketing wise to kind of make black men be like, hold on, Democrats do a terrible job at marketing themselves. Absolutely. I mean it's really bad.


Like You know. It's just You know. They have to do a better job of putting out there the things that they've been able to do. I was just looking You know before coming here at the Safest Community Act. Right. This is billions of dollars that they have allocated to grassroots organizations and others that are in the gun violence prevention space and in the community safety space. Right. You would never know that. You would never know that it happened because they do a terrible job. But also they just do messaging. And by the way, let me just be honest, I do a terrible job at it as well. We do a lot of work and we hardly tell people about all the things that we are involved in. People say to me all the time, like why?


Because sometimes when your head is down and you're doing the work, you forget about the marketing component. And a lot of us don't even want the click bait of it all. Like nobody wants to sit there. And, I. Sometimes I get so frustrated because I'm like, damn, I left my comment section open and it's going, wow. It's 2000 comments in there. And the Trump trolls and or Trump people supporters, they're in my comments. Whatever they are talking points, they they in on it. That's right. But looking for out for the people who are supposed to be on the more liberal progressive side to come in there is very difficult. Like it's always in balance. So we have to find a better way to get the information out about what is happening.


But I would say that trust and belief, as I left the house this morning, they were on CNN talking about the vice president sitting down for interviews. This is something that she's going to have to do, which I'm sure they're working on. And she's gonna have to break down 'cause they are gonna question her like they have never That's right. Questioned a presidential candidate before in life and she's gonna have to answer the question. And It's not and it is not just because You know she's a woman. It's really because of the, the the, the way she got the nomination. Absolutely. That's another word. That's the other thing that's very unprecedented that people not factoring in Yeah. Like just 70 days to an election, she became the candidate with a hundred days. Yeah. Or 90 days. I for sure I saw, I saw someone write, a loved one wrote a post saying we didn't get it to vote because of course there was no primary.


And they said, You know, i I this is unfair. They just appointed her and there was no process. And I'm like, a lot of it is misinformation. Right. Or just lack of information. Yeah. Because there is a process. And the process is that if you're running for president right now and you decide you're too sick, too old too, or just don't wanna do it anymore and you decide to step away, there are what you call delegates. And this is why we have to vote in every election. Because when you turn that ballot over, there's a bunch of stuff on there that is not just the president or your congressional members or whatever. They have things on the ballot that apply to your everyday life. We vote to send delegates Yeah.


To the convention to represent us. And the delegates had the people also DJ Envy. Anybody in here could have said in this process, no, I want to be, I wanna be, I wanna go. I have my delegate count. I got enough to get on the nomination list. Right. And then they would've had to vote on those individuals. The delegates didn't do. So they decided to support Kamala Harris of course, because President Biden had already endorsed her and so many people got behind her. I get it. Now you can say, I don't like that process. I don't like the way, and just like, we don't like the fact that this two party process is the only way that we can vote and decide on democracy or not.


Like we don't like that. We know that there needs to be other avenues and other individuals that are seriously, like they have the ability to win. Right. That we can choose from. But If, you don't like the process. You have to participate in it. Yeah. So you have to show up and be like, who is this delegate? Because I want you to represent me. And I didn't want you to vote for Kamala Harris. So le now let me, what's your name? The one of the biggest things that happened to us while we were in Kentucky with Breonna Taylor is You know people walking up to us going, or for Breonna Taylor, excuse me. People were walking around saying, well, who is Daniel Cameron? Like who? He's the attorney general. They were like, I didn't vote for that trying to be governor.


When is, when is that election? So we can, and we transform, we helped people along with the local community to transform the minds of our people to pay attention. So by the time he ran for Governor, black folks was like, oh wait. Oh, that's that dude. We on His head, Oh, okay, you not going, you not getting appointed to a new position and getting a promotion. We shutting you down. But you're saying something important about the political, political education, right? Going to the DNC, which some of us had the ability to do. You learn so much about the process and going for many years, you understand how the process works. You know the people. Most Americans have no access to that. So because of that, they become disenchanted with the political process.


Right. They feel like they don't have any say in it. We didn't participate. And they don't realize there's a way for you to be engaged. And that's why even going to the DNC this year, while I don't agree with many things, I understand it's an important part of political education. And I would like more people to see that be a part of it, watch it in a more intimate way because that will enhance civic engagement, which just isn't voting, but it's this piece. How do I get involved in who the delegates are who make important decisions for the party? I think that's a huge piece missing from the American political experience. But part of that is on purpose because parties know If. you keep people politically uneducated, you'll keep them not civically engaged and then they won't vote and others could win.


So I think we have to shift and do a better job of that. But we're also in a moment where people are very politically dis.


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball l plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


Enchanted where they feel like the political process doesn't serve them, doesn't work for them. People don't care about them. And, I think that's the issue that the vice president is running into and why Michelle Obama resonated so much with people, right? 'cause she's not a political person, but she's talking to people's values and the realities they experience. So I think she has to pivot and do that more And I think she'll reach a wider cross section of America. But I think democracy in America has to change where more people can be politically engaged. Yeah. To understand what the process is and not to feel left out. And If your political education is coming from Instagram. It could be kind of dangerous Getting it From Instagram, man. I mean, it could be dangerous. So You know and You know, unfortunately.


I mean fortunately for someone like me, I grew up in a household that was all about black empowerment. It was about learning the process, going to the precinct council meetings to see who the police officers were. Yeah. But my neighbors, people who live right there in the building, they didn't get to do that. They didn't get those same experiences. And you can see the difference. You know. So it's our job to teach and which we are doing with our, our Project Freedom Freedom, which we wanna talk about You know making sure. Because I, one thing I will say is I wanna give our people credit for the fact that even though we may not have been properly educated, folks are trying to find out that's so That's right. Whatever way, wherever they're going, whether they're getting the right information or not, they're like, something is not right.


Like there's a fly in the buttermilk. I we gotta, this is not, I'm not feeling this. And and that's partially because I don't care how many times the, the Biden administration says, well, we've cut child poverty in half and we did, we bought down prices, if that's fine. But the people that we work with, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They still in poverty. They don't feel it. Right. They're not feeling it. They have to feel it. That's key. They have to be able to feel it. So however they're getting educated, at least they're coming to the process. And I think it's our responsibility because I hear people saying, well, what's our agenda? And we wanna make sure, which we have done by putting together Project Freedom, which is a growing living document that really kinda looks at many of the legislative items that have been hanging out there for years.


Like people have been putting forth bills and legis. In fact, one of the reasons why I support Kamala Harris is because I know about the things that she was doing while she was in the Senate and You know before she became president. I know about bills that she co-sponsored bills that she signed or that she helped. Right. The George Floyd Justice and Policing Act. That's right. When it included ending qualified immunity. That's right. Which means that you could go after an officer directly. Like these are things that she's been involved in supporting the study for Repar. I don't know why people keep saying that the woman is not for reparations. I have heard her say over and over again. She said it Here. Yeah. On Breakfast Club. Yeah. I I don't understand verbatim.


T she said she supports it. The, the thing is, there are many different people out here that see reparations differently. Right. There are people, certainly you got the, the a OS folks. Sure. Which is the American descendants of slaves. They have their concept of the fact that reparations should only be going to people who come who are American citizens. Then you have people who come from a more of a mindset of, of the, the, the diaspora, which includes people from all over The World globally who are black or African receiving reparations. I fall in that category because this is how I was raised. Dr. Ben Benjamin Joka and others who taught us about reparations from a global perspective that we must see Africans around The World as part of You know our liberation.


And so there are different people who have different concepts and in her mind she said You know something about like checks. She didn't think that you could just give people cash and let that be the end. She couldn't, there has to be a study that you could, you can't. Some people feel that's all it should be. So there's what you call a meeting of the minds. Sure. But just because I might be in the ADOS ba pot or this or that, that doesn't mean I don't support reparations. How We do it, What it looks like is what we do. But I think that's the other thing. I'm Post that cry. I'm gonna post that clip today actually. What first saying common Ation. People also wanna see, there's another piece, and we see this all the time when you do policy, there's an implementation piece, right? So people like to hear you care about an issue, but how are you gonna make an issue happen?


Absolutely. Because we care about many things. But what are you gonna make actually happen? And how are you gonna do so as part of what's behind action plan? I don't know If, you support it because it's like saying in your household, I support my children eating. Right. But you buy junk food. It is like your actions have to show how you actually support it. And a lot of people's questioning is coming from a place that says you're saying this, but you're doing that. Right. You're not prioritizing the things you say you support. So that's another, I think a level of political accountability. And people may not be asking the right question, but they're really saying, so you say you support reparations. Tell me how, how and now show me how and a timeline in which you're gonna implement it.


And I think that's what folks want say they have Right to say that. Yes. So talk about Project Freedom. Well the wall say Kamala just need to tell these niggas what they want to hear. Say anything. That's what he say. Well that that works for some people Politically. He you do it from Everybody else. Yeah. But that's it. Anybody Else could just tell you anything. But the Democrats traditionally And, I. Think some of us politically try to have a standard where we don't just lie because we could say we're gonna do all the things you want and say all the right things. But on the back end you'll suffer because you don't really deliver that well. If, you don't have a Congress that supports you, then you Can't implement it to Begin With. Can't get done right Now. What's our Project Freedom? So I'm gonna read a few of the things on Project Freedom and one of the things I'll say before I even do that is Project Freedom on some level was a response to Project 2025.


Ooh. So folks started to hear a lot about this plan to roll back rights to attack particular groups. And part of what we said is that we wanted to respond to that because we're knowing we're in important political moment. But also Project Freedom is a political platform or policy that we said we would like to see whoever comes into office adopt because there are certain things that we know are important that should happen. Some of those things are an end to gun violence, end to mass incarceration, end of police brutality, strengthening and pass the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act providing a pathway to citizenship, ending the war in Palestine and Sudan, protecting black history, provide a reparations for slavery, all for free college and trade school, cancel student debt, pass the John Lewis Voter Rights Act, launch automatic voter registration, restore individuals voting rights, reform the Supreme Court, expand child tax credits and provide guaranteeing annual income.


So it's a lot of things in there, but part of what we're trying to convey to folks is that it isn't enough to just have one policy, but you must really have a political platform that someone can adopt that creates wide and sweeping changes. The other pieces that we know, a lot of these issues are connected and how you spend your money in one place will tell us how you can spend or can't spend money in other places. So we're trying to provide a comprehensive platform that one creates political education, but also a standard that we can hold folks who come into office. I love that. I was talking to my guy, Gary Chambers Jr. Yesterday, and he was saying, You know, one of the mistakes that folks make is they'll, they'll ask questions like, what have you done over the last three and a half years, four years?


He said, instead of asking those questions, you should be just going to 'em saying, Hey, this is what we, you should be doing. That's right. Here's the agenda that we want you to. Right. That's absolutely Implement. Yeah. And Project, Freedom is important to us because we know as we travel this country, we are gonna be out there knocking on doors. We knock on doors all year round. So this is not like a what we do, a thing that happens when it's a presidential election or some political person that we wanna get in or, or take out. We do. We do it all the time. We, we are always engaging our people. And when we're knocking on doors, people don't want, they hear you. They know Project 2025 is bad. They understand it. They've seen on the news, they grandmamas talking about it. People, what do they call it? It's called, it's You know black folks gonna shorten something. Project 25, we, we don't say 20 project 20, 20 25.


That project 20 20 20, excuse me. Project 25. And so people know that. But they are gonna ask you and they should, what do we have? You are in the room with these people. That's correct. Tamika Mallory, Angelo Pinto, my son Linda. Y'all are talking to these people. What are you offering? What are you demanding? What are you asking for? And we wanted to make sure, along with our partners, I have to mention Michael Blake, Reverend Steven Green, pastor Mike, pastor Michael McBride, Deanna Thompson, of course You know our sister Linda Sarsour. This platform is something that all of us have worked on because we've been doing this work and we know the legislative items that are already out there that could help to alleviate some of the suffering that our communities are talking about.


We know how they can be strengthened. We understand that passing the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act as it currently stands will not work because one, it has been watered down so much in order to appease the Republicans who never signed it anyway. Right. So I have no idea. Cory Booker, Senator Cory Booker was working with Senator Tim Scott. And every day we were all You know, advocating for what we wanted to be in the bill. And they kept saying that Tim Scott had this idea, or he You know, he's trying to You know, make the bill this way or that way in order to appease the Republican leadership. And I kept saying, Tim Scott cannot get anything done if white people don't tell him what to do.


So let's stop. Like it's a game that's being played. And of course the bill fell through and it has sort of been dead since You know, You know since we were out there in 2021. Now President Biden did sign an executive order, but what we know about executive orders, they only last to the extent that the next administration wants to keep that legislation. And it only focused on federal legislation. Federal. We need to get things happening in these states and we have to be able to hold these, these police departments accountable. Let me just say this last thing. You know la last week we, people were heartbroken to see that there has been yet another setback in the case of the killing of Breonna.


Taylor. Taylor. Yeah. And so there was two charges, two federal charges that the judge dismissed. And of course they continuously blame Kenny Walker, which is disrespectful and disingenuous because nobody in that building heard the police officers announce themselves and to say who they were at the door. And, I don't know where these other people live, but I know in black people's homes, If, you knock on the door and don't say who you are. When we say who it is, we're not opening the door for you. No. In fact, we, we finna get quiet, move around, try to make sure we are out the way of the door. That's what we do. That's what they did. Yeah. But also in the state of Kentucky, these people pass laws and then they get mad at, at you for following it.


You are a allowed to fire a warning shot inside of your home. If you feel in danger. That is what Kenny Walker did. He did nothing wrong. So we saw the setback where this 80-year-old conservative judge dismissed these two charges, which are again, the, the federal charges, which would've been felonies. There's still charges that those officers are facing. But it took him two years and for whatever reason they decide to announce this the day after the DNC. Maybe I'm, it's conspiracy, I don't know. But it's just very interesting. It took him two years. What I want people to understand why we sit up here and debate whether or not it's Trump and this and that.


The reason why there are even charges against these officers at all is because President Biden also selected Clark, who is the head of the Civil Rights Division within the Department of Justice. That's correct. And because of her work, we have seen a number of officers tried and prosecuted and convicted it will not happen under a Trump presidency. Not because I think that Right, because this new Dr this new thing online is that anybody who supports the Democrats or supports Kamala Harris or You know even when, at the point that people were saying we were potentially voting for Joe Biden, which God bless, I don't have to do that.


Thank God. Thank God I don't have to do that. God bless. But, but even You know during that time, one of the things that I keep hearing, and it has been said to me by a number of black men, Charlamagne. Oh, you guys don't think critically and objectively, you can't think for yourself. No. I'm thinking for myself, You know not Mean times. I've heard that. Oh, they say it all the time and it's very disrespectful. He just said earlier, we can't drive too. Oh wow. Damn. Say you wanted the black hat. Such a no, but I I've been sitting here say, Mack trucks M sitting, you Might be right. I've been sitting here waiting to ask you about Breonna Taylor because for me, like I've been study, I've been, I've been reported on this case since it first like started having a conversation.


Yeah. And people have continuously said, if there were a video, things would be different. And now we're here right. Where the charges are being dropped. And like there'll probably have to be an appeal, which is gonna stretch things out, which is like heartbreaking for the family. I feel like it's a public trust thing now. Right? Like, do you feel like this is gonna shake public trust even when it comes to like Kamala? Because people are gonna be looking at her like, I mean, you are a black woman now. Like we don't, we don't have the luxury to say, well Biden, he's there. But he kind of, he does what he can do, but he doesn't get it. Well, It, I mean it's very interesting by, by the way, it is And I think that was one of the things that was missing from her speech. Again, I feel like she should have named Breonna Taylor. Sonya Massey You know on other issues, she was very, very strong.


And I would like to see the same energy around police accountability and And I. I know there are some of my people, especially my Elst, who will be like, well You know that may not have been the time or place. And we debate that. But they always say, we don't have time. It's not the time or place and we have to wait until, and it's gonna happen later. They Said that in 2020 had her debate. 'cause I was listening to her old podcast, me, Bakari and Ebony k Williams did, and that's one of the things that Ebony brought up. She wished she had spoken to Breonna Taylor more because I guess it came up during the Mike Pence debate. I forgot what the context was. Absolutely. So I think that that should have happened. But I just wanna say to, to drill down this point, I don't, it's not that I'm not thinking objectively about what Trump can do or that I'm listening to some You know misinformation on the internet.


I'm telling you about what was happening when he was president. Mm. When he was president. What's his name? Barr. The former William. Attorney. William? No, William Barr. William Barr. Bill William Barr, the Attorney General at the time, not only did he dismantle all the work that President Obama was doing to put these police departments under fire for violating the civil rights of citizens. And because the consent decrees, consent decrees and the work that they were doing, they were seriously challenging police departments. And Christian Clark has started that back again. She's doing that work around the country. I think Kansas, I mean it's a bunch of places. A lot of, yeah, A lot of tremend. Tremendous amount. Which is very important because it puts us as citizens on notice and the police department.


And we wanna see it strengthen more because we want it to be tied to federal funding. There is some of that now, but it could be more. But not only did he dismantle all of that work, he also created the black identity extremist list. Yeah, that's true. Right. Which many of us are pretty sure we were on, which they were pretty much targeting and surveilling activists and people who talk black and speak truth to power. So it's not that I'm not smart enough to understand or I can't think objectively. Nah, I can see what you did. And I know there is a difference between a president who I may disagree with on a number of things, who decided to put black women in positions where they are actually getting things done.


Kaji Brown, she unfortunately is outnumbered in the Supreme Court, but she and Sonya Sotomayor, these people are voting in the opposite direction to every time try to protect American citizens. They're fighting. Okay. The people that Trump appointed to the court are voting in the opposite deci direction to take away our rights and our freedoms. So please stop trying to diminish our understanding of this political moment to us just being democratic shills. And we just have drunk the Kool-Aid. No, I'm paying attention to what's happening. And for people like Angelo and me, if under a Trump presidency, especially in this moment, knowing that he has this venom in him as and You know he has this venom in him also because he has to face a black woman on the stage.


And you see him trying to wiggle out of that. He don't want that. He don't want that. They will put us in jail. Can you speak to Donald Trump saying he, he, he, he pledges to give cops immunity from Prosecution. I mean, If, you gets back, I mean this, these are the things, this is the thing he's saying. Already got his mouth. They already had damn near immunity. And and you said you asked about You know what happens now and if there was a video, but there's actual admission. The one of the officers Yeah. She said we met in the garage. Yep. Right. And we made up a story. Right. And this happened in that this case called, this was so crazy. I remember when I was reporting this, 'cause the newsroom I used to work at TMZ, So that newsroom is like, it was just me on the news desk. Right. And they couldn't believe that police would falsify a document.


And like, I remember the day when, when that came out that it happened. I swear we had a very long conversation and I'm like, I don't know where y'all from, but where I'm from, that's normal. Like it, excuse Me. The ones that it is the, a famous quote, two Americans, the ones that write the reports, would I have to go look it up? Because it basically is saying that the same people who write the reports are doing the killing. Right? That's right. And they're the ones that they're supposed to police themselves. And so, I mean, the immunity thing, oh, those who Commit the murders Right. To report. There you go. That's as well That caused and effect society. But I feel like in this case, it's like they're missing. Like, that doesn't matter. It's like, oh, well we're gonna blame it over here.


But it's like you guys wouldn't even have been in the house had you had not done everything you did to illegally enter the home. Absolutely. And, I don't. So immunity is already there. But when he says full immunity from prosecution, I, I, I don't know If you watched the NABJ interview? Some of it, yeah. Okay. So there's a moment when he's asked about Sonya Massey and he does this physical thing. I'm telling you, Trump is a very, very dangerous man. He does this thing with his hands. He says, oh, you're talking about the case with the water. Like he does this. In other words, to signal to people he was gonna, she was gonna throw the water. This case that she was gonna throw the water. He did that intentionally because it puts a message into people's minds that maybe she was threatening to the officer, which we know did not happen.


These are the excuses that they come up with. And I and then It was days later that the officers started saying, well, I felt like her words and the water Satan, I was, it was You know. So these people, I'm not, I'm not here actually. I wish that for me personally, if I could make a decision, I would vote for Cornell West. Right? That's just me. I would absolutely be with Cornell because Cornell has been with us in the trenches vote with Cornell over comma. Absolutely. I would vote for Cornell, I Think. And why is substantively, he stands with us. He's more aligned with, with USM saying, I'm saying, yeah, I would vote for him if I had an opportunity. And, I'm not talking about race. I mean, excuse me, gender. Let's take away whether they're female, male, or any of that.


Because obviously first of all, Kamala Harris is my sorority sister. We are both AKAs and I'm definitely, that is one motivating factor for me. And. I don't care Who doesn't like it? 'cause that's what we do. And the Divine nine standing on that business, I'm standing, we support, we support one another. And then we take you to the side and pull your coattail when we feel that something ain't, but we support one another first. So absolutely. From a female, from a gender perspective, absolutely. However, if we are talking about just looking at platforms and understanding people's political courage, what they will do and say we know who Cornell West is, that's good. So if I had to make a decision today and it would And I could really, really ensure that Cornell West wins, of course I would support him.


But we know good and well that this country is not set up for a third party to really ascend and win. I don't have time, my black son and my granddaughter being able to make decisions on behalf of her body on, unfortunately, in these 70 days, I don't have time to go messing around saying that I'm gonna vote with somebody who I know does not have the ability to win. I have to block Trump from becoming president. What I will say though is that I will make sure that I continue to work beginning November 6th. So after the election, when other people go home, we stay on the battlefield. Now, if we wanna organize ourselves to have a real serious third party situation, I'm down.


Let's do it. But if I, if I come out and tell y'all we don't wear Gucci no more because they came out with the black face sweater, or we don't support Nike anymore because they just canceled Kyrie's contract for nothing After Man, airlines agreed. American Airlines threw me off the plane. And now every week they just threw juvenile. It's different situation. And people just, black people just went back on the plane. Black people still wearing Nike. If we are gonna be serious and disciplined, don't come at me because I'm making a decision on behalf of my family, my body, my ability to choose for myself, what to do with my health, my I, me personally, knowing that I am on the Black identity extremist list.


And, I could be in jail under a Trump presidency. Let's get organized. Let's stop using social media to fight and harm one another and sit down at the table and have somebody like Cornell West who can help us. Do I think that Kamala Harris could be a good a, a, a great president. I truly believe that. And I'm gonna be there every day. If I gotta use my divine nine hat to get in, if I gotta beg to get in, because I'm going to Charlemagne to say, give me a ticket so I can embarrass you and go in there and start yelling, Start screaming. You gonna be in the shelter. Now you get thrown out. But I think I'm Gonna do that. I think there's, I think there is going to be a seat at the table for activists like yourself in the Kamala Harris administration. I think so. I truly believe, I know Kamala Harris, And I, And I have had conversation with her.


I truly do believe that within her is something different. And that's what people are afraid of. And we know that because again, we know where she was and who she aligned with. I I can remember the great, beautiful, intelligent, brilliant Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee speaking to Kamala's support of the Reparations bill. Right? Yes. It is a study. It is not yet actual reparations, but we know the process is what it is. And I don't like the process, but we gotta be involved in it. So somebody like Sheila Jackson Lee, if she comes to me and says, well, You know Kamala Harris is with us, and she gives me a list of people who are supporting and then the list of folks who are not, that to me means something.


Right. Because I trust her. I believe her. I believe someone who says, as a prosecutor, I am still willing to say that police officers need to be on their own challenged and prosecuted and sued financially. If they are going to violate the civil rights of citizens, I believe in that. So I wanna see more. I did wish that she would speak to You know the issue of, of, of, of police accountability, particularly around women. And also I, I'm hoping, I'm praying that she really means and will do something to deal with the conflict of Israel-Palestine very important and the war on the Palestinian people.


I wanted ask you about that. I think it was a misstep. Well, you asked your question and then I'll say what I'm saying. Well, I was gonna say You know from an activist standpoint, how much of an issue is Israel and Gaza going to be in this year's election? 'cause we saw all the uncommitted votes in the primary. So what are the activists and pro-Palestinian people going to do in November? And And I was gonna ask, how have you liked the VP's messaging thus far about it? Well, I've been down the road of You know dealing with the issue of Israel Palestine for,


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart to Roger P. Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds, an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent, all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Lots of different reasons. My proximity to our proximity to Linda Sarsour, who is our sister, our dear friend who we pray for every day. Because what she has experienced over the last year is unthinkable, outrageous, unthinkable, watching her people perish and be starved to death. Children, people calling her from pa like I'm sitting with her. Yeah. And they're calling from Gaza, like, help us do something because they believe in her. She's a leader. So why can't you fix this? Right? You over there in America, right? Her tax, I imagine that, that your tax dollars as an American citizen supporting war is going to the death and, and destruction of your own people.


It is terrible. Mm. And so You know, I-I-I-I-I know about this. I understand the APAC You know the, the, the influence that they have on our government officials. I understand the A DL and the influence that they have. I get all of these things. So I know that for her to say what she's saying, it takes political courage. It is no joke for her to even speak in the ways in which she's speaking. And You know you. And I debated the Josh Shapiro Shapiro, the VP pick first pick. You said that You know You know him well enough to know that he's a good guy. And. I believe that. 'cause I heard that from a lot of people. You know, I You know it's a lot, a lot of people talk about the things that he's doing there in Pennsylvania.


But I think that his statements around that issue as something that doesn't, it can't align. And, and of course we do not know why she decided to pick Tim Walls, although I believe it was a brilliant decision. Yeah. Which gives me already an idea of the way that she's thinking and her instincts because there were a lot of people pushing for Shapiro. But the, the attitude that he had and the words that he said about the war and, and some people don't like to use the word war. So I will say the attack on the guys and his responsive to student protestors, the way in which he spoke about protestors and the students on the campuses let me know, or at least made me feel that it would be very difficult for her to have this particular concept for ceasefire and the direction that she wants to take.


And then him really having a Zionist mindset that those two things will be very difficult to work together because she already has to deal with within the administration, the people who are gonna be pulling in the direction of continuing to support Israel no matter how it is operating and the illegal activities that they are in involved in. Right. Because we know it. As I listened to her speak, she said, well, You know the, it is horrible what's happening to them. And so many lives lost. No, there are lives being taken that they are people being killed and we can't. And it's hard to even be able to speak to it in that way. And And, I have to be honest.


If, you listen to what she said. She spoke to exactly what is happening to the Israeli citizens or what happened to them. Murder. There's a lot of debate around rape. We won't get into that today. But murder, she talked about You know all of those things. The horrific actions of Hamas. But then when it comes to the conversation around the Palestinians, it's almost like there's an earthquake that happened. Or it's like You know. It's so horrible what they are experiencing. So I understand the nuances of how difficult it is to talk about this. But the mere fact that she's saying anything at all, and she had a very strong posture, like you could hear the tone and the way in which she delivered that particular portion of her speech.


You know that she also cannot stand to see children, innocent people dying the way that they are. And. I believe that if we continue to push the uncommitted, folks are not gonna stop organizing people asking the question why at the DNC and not the RNC. It's precisely for what you said, right? These are generally democratic voters. That's right. They are pressing their particular party that they were once or are a part of to do something about genocide. That's right. So You know. So I know about that pressure. I know about it because I experienced it in the Women's March. I still experience it today. And, and look at Cory Bush and Jamal Bowman.


These are two people who just lost their elections because of APAC and the organizing that they did. And let me say on this show publicly, there are black people who are a part of Apex operation and younger black people, some of them we know. So do not sit there and get in your mind that this is some group of white men that are all some evil white men. No, there are black people on Apex payroll who are part of organizing to take out people who are speaking truth to power. It is no way that Cory Bush should have lost her election. As important as that woman is. Jamal Bowman, somebody who has been speaking truth to power You know Jamal out there fighting in Washington DC for us.


And they have been taken out by people who will absolutely go along to get along within the system. And that's because, and it's so important to connect all the dots of what we've been saying because even Project 2025, there was a plan, right? There's a plan to do these things. There's a plan to attack political folks who stand up for important issues. There's a plan to attack education. There's a plan to attack activists who hold politicians accountable. There's a plan to do these things. So if we don't have a plan to counteract them, we find ourselves in a lot of trouble. And part of what's important for us, and it's what we do, I think people see us sometimes at the DNC And I got a lot of people say, oh, you support the Democrats.


And. I say, I'm here working. Right? We're doing what we do, which is holding these folks accountable. And, I think one of the things we want to see in others, particularly the Palestinian delegations, they want to see, and we have to make this happen. They want to see Kamala Harris be become more activist and how she moves and her political stance. Yeah. She can't do that though. She's a politician. Well, I think politicians gotta be politicians. Activists gotta be active. Well, I think politicians If, you wanna know If, you want them to win. Well, politicians can take stances that become active in how they move politically. I was watching a documentary on Jimmy Carter and how activist he was around the environment, brokering peace across The World. I think politicians get to decide who they are.


Yeah. Donald Trump is a great example of a politician who decided I'm gonna be completely unorthodox and I'm gonna, You think he decided to do that when he became a politician? Well, He's unorthodox Individual. But I'm saying that resonated with people and he has the ability to decide how he shows up. And I think people want her And, I think the excitement around her is that people believe she will show up differently. Right. But it's our responsibility, people who care about progressive issues to make her show up in a way that's different than every president before. Because I think if she doesn't, she will have a hard future. Right. We want her to, to succeed, but we want her to be different. Right. We don't want the same kind of politician. We're not looking for a black woman to show up how white men show up.


Yep. If that happens, we've done ourselves a disservice. Right. I'll tell You one reason. I feel like she's different. I feel like for me personally, may maybe, 'cause I know her as well, this is the first time in a long time that I feel like I'm not voting for the lesser or two evils. Right. I don't feel like I'm voting for evil at all. Yeah. No, I don't think she's, I don't think she's evil. A lot of people aren't there yet. But, But I just would like to say, when you a say that she has to be a politician and the activist have to do one thing, just do for us what you say you're gonna do for Israel. You speak Activisty. 'cause I swear she, when they get not just her. That's right. When these, these elected officials get up and talk about Israel finish slogan is freedom. They are strong on it.


They say, I You know Israel has the right to defend itself and we will support Yeah. Speak like that about black people When it comes to the innocent women and men and children being killed. People absolutely speak like that about the Palestinians. So what do y'all Think the Democrats need to do to win this election in November? Oh, they gotta, let me tell you, do not translate excitement at a convention or even excitement. That's right. About You know her ascension to the top of the ticket to votes. Because you got gotta to knock on doors. That's, you have to go out and educate people. And you have to make sure that there is, that there is resources on the ground. Come on now. Right. And we are not talking about on the ground. Like there's some people that claim they on the ground.


No. Like tangible. But we're talking about under the, the root. They say there's the grassroots and then there's under the root, there's dirt's the people. Right. Those people have to have the resources that they need to be able to knock on doors. You need credible messengers. Yeah. This whole process of we gotta vet everything and everybody and You know If, you had this issue or that we gotta stay away from you and we have to do that. I, I You know one day I'll tell my story about what happened to me during the Stacey Abrams campaign. In fact, it's in my book. The new book. In the new book. The New new. How about that? What's the Date of the new book? Mind as Plug it right now. New book Comes out in, it's called I Live to Tell This Story and it's gonna be released in the winter. And You know, I, and, and and, and by the way, Stacey Abrams had nothing to do with with this.


But I talk about me being held or, or told not to come to Georgia at all. Don't even step foot in the state. I hate that. Can't that during the time, in the last few days of her election and the folks saying it to me, they really did have good intention You. know what I mean? So I'll tell y'all. Can it pre-order now or not yet? Not yet. Not yet yet. But Soon come back up for Preor Come back up order. That'll be in there. But I, the reason why I brought that up is because You know oftentimes we sacrifice some of our people because we are so busy trying to appease these other folks. That's never gonna be with you. I don't Think we have that luxury. We don't have the luxury, we don't have the luxury of cutting any of our people. We Can't. We gotta bring everybody along. Right? We do. We gotta bring Pooky Ray, Ray tt. We always say If you not at the strip club.


Right. I remember one night I was in the strip club, And, I, I think I may have told you this before. I may have said it on this. Don't, don't, let's not do that. Not too much. I was in the strip club one night and this young sister was like, You know what? I know you, she went to her locker and came back with a folder and the folder had all the information in it on the union that they are working to establish for strippers. Oh wow. Like these are educated people. Right? That's right. That's Right. So you can't leave them behind because you don't like the way they look. Now you, and you don't wanna go to the corners where our brothers might be because those ain't your people and those are not the type of people. If, you are only talking to my mama and people who are in the churches and people who maybe you can knock on their door in their home.


Some of our people don't even have an address. Right. So you don't even know where to find them at. Which means you gotta engage them on the streets. That's right. That's what's going to help the Democrats win this election. So hopefully they do that. Hopefully they don't give the money to the same people that they always give money to. And instead flip this thing if we gonna be different, let's invest in people who never, I know organizations that never get a dime and they go out and do more work. Come on now. These big organizations that get millions of dollars to go out and, and knock on doors and engage voters. That's not But the reason why these other folks, miss Susie, who lives in the project somewhere in Louisiana, the reason why she knocks on the entire community's door is because she understands her social security, the insulin, how much she gotta pay for that.


Her grandchildren, their survival, safety, public safety, policing. She understands those issues. So in spite of the Democratic party That's right. She goes out and does work that she should be getting paid for. She should have resources in her community to do, but she does it out of necessity. And they keep allowing that to be like, that's, they keep relying on that. And it is a dangerous thing, especially in this moment where at its mis misinformation is at an all time high. So Miss Susie might be listening to them say, You know she don't support reparations. Right. Yeah. And then what You know what I'm saying? We, we don't wanna allow people to to to fall into this place of feeling hopeless. That's right. We need people to feel like You know what we can continue to fight.


'cause we all gotta live here together. So regardless of what, it doesn't matter who becomes president, that's good. You are going to live under their policies, Lord. And, and some people are excited now. I had a conversation with someone the other day talking about the difference between excitement and commitment. And a lot of folks are inci, some folks are excited about a Kamala Harris presidency. But a lot of folks are not even excited yet. So I think part of the work is getting to all the places to raise excitement that this is something important. And not only that, that it will make a difference in your life. I think it's three. Angelo. I agree with you. I think it's excitement, enthusiasm, and contentment. Yeah. Because I was talking to one of my young homegirls, And I asked her, I said, are you excited or enthused? And she said, I'm content with voting that's deep for vice President Kamala Harris.


Yeah. I think that's a good place to be. That's right. So it's one of those three, I believe. I think being content though, you're on the line and you could easily swing to, I don't know about if I'm gonna do this. And we were talking about this I think when we were in Chicago at Rainbow Push Coalition office, that not only do you need to vote, you need to voting plan because some people are will say they're gonna vote or they've been encouraged to vote, but they don't have a voting plan and a lack of excitement will make them go in another direction on that day. So we have to be, and we know this very granular about how we make these things happen. And oftentimes you don't get to support from the big tent party to fund this work. 'cause we know we gotta knock on doors. We have to talk to the folks. Nobody cares about the individuals who are on the fence or who are behind the fence ain't got no fence.


That's right. We have to talk to all those folks to move them in a direction, not just because we wanna see someone elected, but because we know it will change their life. Absolutely. And if they don't do this, folks will die. And she has to, she has to go out there and explain herself that everybody, like she can't leave. Of course, that's her job, but she can't leave no stone unturned. That's right. Because the reality is they're going to need the largest voter turnout possible, of course to try to defeat voter suppression. Because You know these motherfuckers gonna try to steal. Oh, they gonna, that's Whatcha talking about. Listen, look at that Dr. Scott thing. Yes. What is it that Yes. Yes. One of the Republican factions, which is a group within the Republican party saying that the Dred Scott decision would make her not able to eligible to run for president because she wouldn't be a human.


Like is three fifths human basically is still what the Constitution says about us. So it's a lot of things that need to be worked on because that's a real, like, part of why we have so much mass incarceration is because we are seen as three-fifths Women and, and the election, it's interesting. Elections in America gets stolen. Absolutely. This is voter suppression. Absolutely. This is a key tactic. Absolutely. He's some folks to win. It's his Supreme Court. Yeah, That Too. His Supreme Court is going to is in his back pocket. Yeah. Yeah. You have all of these elected officials that's gonna refuse to certify the results of the election. Like it's gonna be crazy, Which means the odds are stacked against us. Right. To get what we need. It means we have to be on the ground in ways that we never have before.


But the other piece is this, the party is going to overly on black folks. Absolutely. Because black folks, black men and women come out when we come out, we come out in numbers that change the election. Right. It's happened with Obama. And. I think that was a reason why they pivoted to Kamala now because they know without black folks they can't get it done. Yeah. Well, so they're hoping that happens Now, I believe, Well, you, you still have, I mean, And I think they're gonna try their best to appeal to white women who are concerned about their reproductive rights. You know this is very Handmaid's tale ish. Right. This I I mean it is If. you watched Handmaid's Tale If. you haven't, you should check it out. That's what we're really looking at. Project 2025.


The feel of it is very project 2025, I mean, excuse me. The feel of it is very Handmaid's tale ish. Right? Like we are gonna have white men basically making decisions on behalf of all women. And the white women in many times vote and help it happen. Because that's how Handmaid's Tale went down. The white women supported their husbands in taking over the nation and creating a space where basically there was the, the slaves, the enslaved individuals who were white, brown and otherwise to these white men. They became rulers. And that's what I hear when I'm reading Project 2025, when they start talking about restoring the family.


It's like, which family? Which kind of family are you speaking about? You know, being able to fire thousands of civil service employees who don't support the MAGA agenda. Like this is very, they're very specific. People better read that project 2025 document. And so there are white women who understand when the president says, a lot of folks keep saying, well, he's saying the states have the power to make the decision on abortion. That is the most dangerous proposition ever. Because If, you have a Ron DeSantis governor, you in trouble. Imagine what will happen to women in those states. You think these white women are not sitting around like, we ain't doing that.


I I might not even like Kamala Harris, but I'm gonna be able to go on and slip to the abortion clinic if I need to or go get my IVF. Right? Which is important for them because If, you not ready to have children. You need an another option. I have a lot of people who have used, as I'm You know now, we 40 years old, 44. I hear about IVF all the time. That's right. For women across the spectrum. And Donald Trump will say, well, he doesn't support ending IVF or or blocking women from having that option. The problem though is that when you hear the project 2025 coordinators, they are saying for sure quietly, remember last week they put out a a, a interview where these two students went and they, they, they, they changed their identity and they snuck in to get a, an interview with one of the project 2025 creators.


And he basically was saying, You know they gotta distance themselves from us right now, but we are not worried about it because we have people around him who are working to make these things a reality. And we, we know we are gonna push the plan. I don't wanna be, I don't even want the president where those are your friends. I don't even want your friends. Right. Those are your homies To be the type, if all the people that work for you are folks that are part of writing a document like Project 2025, it's something wrong with you and your people. And I don't even wanna have it. I don't wanna take the chance. That's okay. Come back with some new friends. That's right. And the fact that that could be a political document in 2024 is outrageous. Crazy.


Right. And I, And I was talking to somebody and they were explaining it or comparing it to the 2024 Willie Lynch papers. Mm. Because it's an agenda or a plan to really attack black folks, brown folks, indigenous folks, and democracy as a whole. That's really what the document seeks to do. It's like, it's a political document that says we're gonna dismantle democracy. Absolutely. And that's okay. That's should be mind blowing to us. But so much of us don't Yeah. Know exactly what's in the document and the attack on us. Well, how Can people follow you and support you if need be? Well, first of, let me just say shout out to, you said Willie Lynch. Yes. And so shout out to my son who just did a response letter to the Willie Lynch letter.


And so it's on his page. You can listen to it. It's obviously him speaking and You know. I I I think that in this particular moment it's gonna take all different types of people Yeah. To really help make the case for why it's not even about people and personalities, but the fact that we really do have to protect ourselves in this country. And that's what I'm all about. And so If, you wanna follow me? And, and by the way, let me go back and say my book's name is, I live to tell this story. The cover is amazing. It's about to drop. I'm really excited about it. And this book, you put it in the Video, I'm about to turn the commuter around. But This book is not political. Oh.


Oh. This book is not a political book. It is. I mean, there is some political commentary there. It's your memoir in there. But this book is my memoir. It's about my life. And that's why I say I live to tell this story. And I hope that people will pick it up so that you can learn more about me outside of what you read online or even when you see me in the street. There's, there's a lot of stuff about i imposter syndrome and other things that I have been through in my life that have helped me come to this point. So make sure you guys stay with the journey for the new book You can go to at Tamika D Mallory on Instagram. Follow us until freedom. We on until freedom.com. We're at Until Freedom. And unfortunately, I'm one of those people that gets in the comments, the cuss your ass back out.


So Someone might talk about your mama If. you talk about us. I said it the other day. The man said, you a airhead. I said, me and your mama. We two of A kind. Jesus ass. One. Jesus. Alright, Well it's Tamika. D Mallory Angelo Pinto. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk.