
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee For details.


What's up is Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant Mind of producer, Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and sza. Yes, you heard me right SZA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tear up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters. This Friday rated art, get your tickets now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. They got a new book out right now. You Deserve to Be Rich. All right, ladies and gentlemen, Rashad Al and Troy Millings. Welcome. What's Going on? Good morning, brother. What's Going on y'all? He knows it's special day when Rashad break out the biggie. Cooper, you break out the biggie. Hip hop. Hip hop is always on the mind it that time, man. New money First. How y'all feeling man? We good. We good man. The theme music was playing when we walked in. I like that. This is Good stuff. Mac had the theme music on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Money, money, money, money, money, money. I feel like a book is is overdue for y'all.


That's a Fact. Yeah. Yeah, It's a fact. Yeah. People long overdue. Yeah, people kind of felt the same way. Right? It was one of those things where like, when's the book coming? When's the book coming? Everybody ask us questions everywhere we go. Where's the book coming books here? How, How do you, how did y'all know now was the right time? Well, we've been working on it for two years. Okay. So, you know, it's like putting out your first album. You wanna make sure you know it's right. Like we've done so much stuff, so like crazy amount of stuff in a short period of time. We didn't wanna rush the book, like it's like a documentary, like, you know, you gotta take your time with it. So then we kind of figured out what kind of book we wanted to write. So, you know, that whole process we, we took our time with. So it's been two years in the making and it's pretty much just like a whole blueprint as far as financial freedom.


So we're real proud of it and it's definitely a, a hard process. Yeah. You know, obviously you do a lot of, We, we spoke to both of y'all about like when you put out your book and we, when you was putting out your book, you had just released it. We were like trying to get the feedback, like, what's the process like even if you got a altar, you working with somebody. What's the process like? So when we went into it, it was like, all right, we can expect we have certain expectations. And I remember you was like, make sure it sounds like y'all, when we went to the meeting, it was like, we, this has to sound like it's coming directly from us And I think we nailed it. I want to, so what, so what is it about it? Do you break down how y'all started and how y'all got together? Or is it more about financial literacy or is it both? Both. Both. We talk about like how we started the backstory, but it really focused more so on like, so it's like six different people and it tracks their journey.


It's like a single mom, somebody that just graduated from college. So, and then it is like real life situations. Like, okay, this person's credit is messed up. This person needs to get a single family home. So we are teaching, but it's in story format. That's been the, the whole point of our platform, right? Like, we highlight people. That's relatable. So it's better than us just like teaching from a whiteboard. So we put it in story format and it teaches you about crypto stocks, real estate credit, but like in an entertaining way because it's in story format. So it's like a pathway for financial freedom and everything that we talk about just like in a concise encyclopedia type of format. Yeah. Yeah. It is designed for, you know, the audience or the reader to identify with one of those characters.


And if you don't, you know, somebody that is identifying with them. But like you said, we share stuff in there as well. So like when we talk about financial trauma, that's something unique to us that we had to experience and go through and what would the lessons we learn from it, obviously being where we're at now, there were mistakes that were made along the way, but we've grown from 'em. Here are the lessons so that everybody else can learn from 'em as well. How do y'all break down everybody's journeys different, right? Because somebody might look at your journey and say, you know what, I'm gonna jump on, I'm gonna do a podcast. And then they'd be like, after six years they'd be like, I'm not where they at? You know what Emini here, or you know, you see people say, all right, I'm gonna jump on the, you know, on the book thing. And they'd be like, I ain't where Charlemagne at. So, so what do you tell people that, because people like to follow what people do and sometimes everybody's journey, everybody's path is different and the success you guys have with podcasts is not gonna be the success of somebody else that's trying to do a financial podcast.


So what do you tell people in that point when it comes to investing in crypto and things like that? I invest for everybody. So anybody can invest in stocks. Anybody, you know, can buy real estate. Anybody could do crypto. That's for anybody. Now business is a little different. 'cause you, you're right, you're not gonna have the same success as Breakfast Club just because you're passionate about talking on the microphone. So that you have to really dig deep and see, okay, what am I passionate about? But also how can I help people? That's, that's, that's really our thing is like, how can you help people, right? Like a lot of times people go into business for selfish reasons just to make money. Like, we did that before. It didn't work. So what did work was when we actually had a platform that actually helped people, right? So you gotta really look at yourself and say, okay, what am I passionate about?


How can, how what am I talented? That's another thing too. Like there's a certain level of talent to it. Like people think that everything is just easy and it's like you gotta have a level of skill to be successful as an entrepreneur no matter what you're doing. So that takes a little bit more like self-evaluation, working with other people, and then sometimes you don't have to be the main part of it either. Like you could be part of a business and it's not your business, but you have a great skill. Like you're a great tech guy, right? Somebody else is great with ideas. Now you come together and that's a, that's a way to kind of be part of a, of a business as opposed to just being the Elon Musk forward facing ultra, you know, alpha entrepreneur, the Diddy of it all.


Elon Musk is like the Diddy Tech. I was just having that conversation about that Emini here wanna be all up in the Video. You what I'm saying? Wanna all on the record? It's funny, they, they look at you like, wow, God. YI know where Diddy is now, but I'm talking about, I feel you. We Always at now, man, I was having that conversation this weekend just talking about the whole oligarch's running America. I'm like, oligarch's been running America. Like Diddy's just a guy Emini here. I said, Diddy, Elon, Elon just a guy that that's forward facing with us. That's a fact. You know what, Emini here, that's It. He's forward facing and he's the wealthiest man on the planet. Absolutely. Those, those two things are very dangerous. Right? And, and you're talking about having the media platform, having the technology and having the capital.


He got all of it. He Got all three of those things and he has the political power now. So it's, it's something that we definitely gotta be mindful of. And watch Elon Musk, Elon and Donald Trump, like the same thing as far as they both are forward facing. They're saying things that people used to say in private. Absolutely. Like Donald Trump is, is no different from any other president. But nobody else would say this on Twitter. Yeah, Elon Musk is no different from a lot of other CEOs, but nobody would say this on Twitter. But that does speak to something that's a disturbing trend because they, they didn't say it before because they knew that it was bad protocol to say it. That's right. It was bad for business Now it's good for business. It's Actually, it, it's Elevated Business. It's actually helpful for business. So it says a lot about the times that we in for sure. So whose fault, so whose fault is that then?


I think when the, when the, when the consumer's appetite changes, you should change with the consumer's appetite, right? Well, the consumer, the problem with the consumer, a lot of them are uneducated, right? And so they'll support things just because they heard a rally call and it's like, all right, well I don't know any better. That looks like the right path to go. So I'll support that. When we talk about a guy who runs up $200 billion and didn't sell in a car, it had nothing to do with that. It just became a belief. We believe in what he's doing. We believe in what he's saying and to the point where like, I'm gonna support no matter what. And so now like you look at the fundamentals of a company like Tesla, well, why is it making money? Right? They actually sold less cars right now it's not, obviously it's not an automotive company, it's a tech company. But even further than that, it's a belief company that people are saying, all right, we believe in him.


We believe in the things he's saying. We're championing the things he's saying, we're gonna support him. But even bigger than that, it speaks to racist white ring political agenda that he's pushing. When you look at the uk, he's champion, they about to get this guy elected in the UK and Canada. Like Elon Musk really a dangerous person because he, he's, he has a global view of how The World should be and it's extreme right wing. And that's something that is actually helping him because there is, we gotta be honest, there is a lot of racist people and this agenda that he's pushing these, these things that he's saying is in line with what Trump is saying, but it's in line with, there's a, like 70% of the new elected officials in The World is right wing extremists from Brazil to you name it, all across the, so this is something that is beneficial as far as people are championing something that they like.


But that's not necessarily something that's just like a good thing because they're championing ideas that's white supremacy. And that's obviously not beneficial if you're not white. Well, I think people who are on on the other side are, you know, people who are not white supremacists. They have to figure out how to use these platforms the way that the right has, that's the guy I feel like they just haven't adjusted their What platforms you referring to? All of 'em. Social media Don't, don't own We don't own the platforms though. Yeah. So that's the thing. Like you get kicked off or you could e All right, Elon Musk is one thing, but let's talk about Mark Zuckerberg. Mark Zuckerberg or any direction that the Wing goes. So right now he's doing everything to appease Trump.


Everything. But six months ago, Well, that's a business decision Though. It's all about, it's all business. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I'm saying we don't, but they don't have any ownership. That's what I'm saying. Like, we are not in control of any of these situations, so we can only go too far. You go too far, you get de platformed. Nobody's trying to do that. Nobody's trying to just lose money. Who owns all these platforms? Everybody that owns the platform gave money Yeah. To Donald Trump for his inauguration. I've never seen anything like this. You got Jeff Bezos who owns the Washington Post. He for the first time in 60 years, they didn't even elect, they didn't even say Endorse, endorse. I think that's the bigger issue. The biggest bigger issue is amplification and suppression. Yeah. That's what I think the bigger issue is because you you can, you can, they got these, the voices are there. Yeah, but they're just being suppressed.


But who's The Yeah, but the voices is marginalized because it's on the ground level. They don't have real power. Right? Like Who you speaking of? When you say who, Any of the voices that you're referring to. I'm, I'm talking about like elected officials. I'm talking about like other democratic governors. I'm talking about democratic senators. I'm talking about people like the vice president when she was running. I'm talking about those. They got huge, huge voices. No, they had a voice and then they got dethroned, They got suppressed. You mean However you wanna word it. And That's what Emini here, that's what Emini here. Those individuals have to find ways to use these platforms. The way the right has the right has turned all of these platforms in microphones before Trump was in office, before Trump got back in power, they found a way to use these platforms and turn 'em into megaphones.


Democrats gotta do the Same thing. It was forward thinking, right? Yes. The, the way that people, even like our parents, the way they consume information is a lot different. The way that the voting margin is consuming news, right? Trump Didn't do no legacy media. He Didn't have to Right? None. Because he had all podcasts. Yeah. Social media. And he had that generation of people that use that as a platform. So when he, he's talking about something different, it's like, we don't own any of these platforms. So when Jeff Bezos owns the Washington Post and they don't endorse anybody that speaks a lot. This is the fourth wealthiest person in The World. Mark Zaba owns Facebook, we're talking about 4 billion people. We don't own that. Right? So like, how do we have that voice? We already know what Rupert Murdoch is doing with his station. Absolutely. Right? And so like, if we lose all these media outlets and we don't have control or ownership in any of them, and then we start to see, hey, this guy has now been, he's won the election and you're going to meet with him his million dollars to the campaign, his million dollars.


Okay. They're starting to do it. It started to feel like they did it in a sense where it's like, we wanna make sure that business continues as as post. You're right. Yeah. And it goes back to business, right? Because if Fox has the highest ratings and Fox is getting the most revenue, yeah. What do you think CN N's gonna do? CNN's gonna say, Hey man, we are a little too left-leaning. We gotta start serving the conservative base. I don't know if M-M-S-M-S-N-B-C will ever get on that, can that same train, but most platforms, that's what exactly what they did. They was like, yo, these are the platforms that are booming. We need the ratings and revenue too. Let's lean a little bit more conservative. Well, Who's watching those, those shows? Like, who's voting? It goes back to the education process, right? Like, who are, who was that base? Who predominantly, if you look at the margins of who's voting uneducated white folks, right?


That's a large base of people. That's a Lot. It changed, it changed a lot this election though. It did. We started to see more, you know what I'm saying? And that was the thing. You Got Latinos, now you got black people, you got Women. But even, even the issues that they won on, if you know the edu like when we're talking about inflation, right? We, oh, we need prices to go down. If you don't know the education behind that, like do you know how inflation works? Do you know what price gaging is? And even after Trump won, he said, look, I know people talking about the price of eggs going down, but that's, prices don't go down once they go up. Right? Once people start paying at that amount, that becomes the new price. That's business. If you don't know that, and you're like a year later, like, you know what, I'm still paying the same price for my, my groceries. Yeah, you are. Right? But that was the campaign promise that you hear until it's like, oh, wait, what happened to that?


But you know, Elon, you know, you look at how powerful he is, he's, he was really powerful. If you think about it, by just listening, right? Just, just think about any of these dealerships, right? Or any of these car companies, whether it's Toyota, Ford, you name it. Do we know who runs them? Do we know who owns them? Do we see them out? No. Right? E even with Elon, you look at what made Tesla so big, he listened to people. I want a self parking car. Push a button and parks it himself. You didn't see that before. I want a car that I can control with my phone. You never seen that before? Now when, when they started find, well not finding him, when they started taxing him, what did he say? You know what? I'm a, I'm a I'm gonna drop $30,000 off all my cars. We've never seen that before. Move the plant to taxes when somebody could go get a lease for $199. You've never seen that before.


So Noon. Elon's probably. He's smart man. Probably one of the smartest people in human history. Like, you can't, you, first of all, he starts PayPal. Yeah, you don't even know that. So he starts, PayPal sells PayPal for $200 million. Most people, you get $200 million, it's over. He actually goes broke because he, he, he invests all of that money, not into Tesla, into SpaceX. SpaceX didn't even work out at first then. Then Tesla came. Now you got Tesla. He has SpaceX, which is a private company, but then he has Neuralink, which is a chip that they could put inside your brain. He owns 70% of the satellites in space. So he's very intelligent person. And, and he started open ai. He's trying to get that back. But he's dangerous. He's very dangerous.


He's a very dangerous person. And the agenda that he's pushing, like even I was telling you about this DEI thing, it's disturbing, but you say things enough and people just start to believe it, right? And it's like this, this attack on DEI is just, can we curse? Yeah, of course. It's, it's, it's a, it's a, it's like a politically correct way to say nigga, really? Because if you think, 'cause there is no DEI if you think about it, like there's less than 1% of Fortune 500 companies that have black CEOs. There's 7% of of people in tech that are black. That's less than half of the black population percentage wise, right? When you look at the wealth gap, it's as high as it's ever been. Right? So where are we seeing, we, we have 1% less than 1% of venture capital funds and we manage less than 1% of money.


Even though it's been proven that black wealth money managers actually outperform whites like Robert Smith. So there's no DEI. This whole thing of DEI is just an illusion. But it's, it's really like there's some places in The World where they have permanent underclass, like India, where you can never rise above a cast system. And that's just like a cast system. Yep. So this whole thing, DEI thing that they're pushing, the reason why it's so dangerous is because if they say this enough, what they really saying is that no black person is qualified for any job. That's not just menial. We don't want y'all leading. Yeah. Right, right. Any job that's meaningful, that's not, you're not qualified for. So if you have a meaningful job, the first thing that they could say is, oh, you only guy because you are black. That's right. Right, right. So they don't really want black people to have any, any level of power anything at all.


And that's something that he's pushing, he's championing that. So why you guys say like, okay, you're the richest person in The World. You put $200 million into a campaign and then you got 200 billion out of it in six weeks, you're worth 400 billion. You're gonna become a trillionaire in five years. So why is it so important for you to push DEI? Right? Yeah. You know, it is funny you say like, people got mad at me because I said last year that these corporate DEI initiatives were bullshit because a lot of them weren't for us by us. You can't have a bunch of white people sitting around creating DEI programs for us. And that's why they were so easy to get rid of. And I think you guys know, you know better than most when you have real equity in something, you can't just take it away. Yeah. And I think that that's what it is. It's a lot of diversity, but it's not real equity.


Yeah. But even, even at the when, when we obviously the George Floyd moment was big and, and, and, and starting that or continuing when they were talking about allocating hundreds of millions of dollars, who's tracking the money? That's right. Where did the Money go? It never, it never, it never went. This is what I'm saying. Never got it. Yeah. So when you, you like, who's now gonna say, Hey, we never got the money, right? Like, where's the voice? Right? Where is the platform that say, Hey, all these people promised this a hundred million from Microsoft. Where did it go? What happened to, how come we never got It? You can't, you can't control what you don't own. You can't control what you don't own. It's like leasing, like you don't own, like you don't own the car, you gonna give it back. Like they put these DEI initiatives or it's like the record industry, it's like music industry.


They give people these record labels. They, what does that really mean? It's still under universal. Nobody owns a record label. Nobody owns a record label. It's just distribution that they're giving you. It's a title. You just a manager. You could be replaced at any given moment. Liquor a company, the same thing. Like all of our billionaires became billionaires because of partnerships. White billionaires became billionaires because of ownership. Innovation, it's a different, you've seen what happened with ye they could take a partnership away. Now you're not a billionaire yet. You've seen what happened with Diddy. You can't take Elon Musk because his ownership, he has ownership in the company. It's in the stock market. How many, there's 5,000 companies that's in, on the stock market. Seven are black, seven out of 5,000.


And that's a decrease. It used to be 12. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like this, that's what I'm saying. People don't really look at it from that standpoint. It's like, well When you say take away, they, they, they, they did several ties with Ye but they still had to pay Him out. No, but I'm saying he lost his billionaire status because it was tied to Yeezy brand. Right. And Yeezy brand was Adidas essentially. So he owned a hundred percent of Yeezy, but it was really nothing without, without Adidas. So when Adidas severed his ties, he's, 'cause people look at a billionaire, it's not like he had a billion dollars and he's just swimming in it like Scrooge McDuff like, it, it goes by the valuation of your company. So they could devalue your company at any given time. Now they take away $600 million overnight. This is, this has happened two times in the last four years with black people.


Because like I said, our billionaires are not billionaires from ownership. Our billionaires are billionaires from, from partnership. I agree with you a hundred percent. The only reason I don't like using those two examples 'cause they made Poor choices. No, no, but what eight. A lot of people make poor choices. But what I'm saying is that you can't erase some of like Donald Sterling, he made a, he made poor choices, but team, he got richer. I made more money. That's what Emini here got Richer. Sell it. But that's what Emini here, like that's the same. You can't Sell what you don't own. But yeah, he sold his portions of, Of Yeezy. No, you can't sell. Remember when he had all of the backlog with Adidas and they had to, they had this thing merchandise Use him. Merchandise the Merchandise. They still Had to use it. But I'm talking about the actual equity in the company. You can't sell what you don't own. Yeah, he didn't have no choice with that. He couldn't sell the member. He didn't want it released. They released it Anyway. It's, That's just the merchandise.


You got a licensing deal. And I, I love Eazy. Like he's he's one of my favorites. But I'm just saying he, he'll probably tell you it was a learning experience, right? Like it's, it's all a facade. What Do, how, how do y'all feel? I got two questions. How do y'all feel when like, you know, all of us were out supporting Diddy, right? When he had the liquor Right. And drink Sir Rock and this, that the other, and then it comes out that he didn't own it. He, he had 30% equity In it. But his pathway, his pathway was to ownership. Yeah. He made a mistake. Were not, were not taking ownership in Ciroc then the Deion. Yeah. But that was, that was a process in itself, right? In order for him to get the first deal, that was part of the stipulations, right? He had to first prove it and he did it with Ciroc. And people were like, oh. We felt like, oh, he owns that. The next thing was Deion, which he's gonna have a hundred percent ownership in.


Right? So we saw that getting pushed and that led to the local 50%, 50% ownership. 50% ownership inside of that. And then the way it was being marketed was a lot different than it was for Ciroc. Right? We, when we saw Ciroc, it was like the jet skis and it was a huge push for that. And when it was came time for Deion, you didn't see that as much, right? Share. Did you see Deion marketed, like you saw Ciroc marketing? Hell No. Just Young Miami. Is That s that Was, is that A coincidence? See, see, Tell we not would not be Honest. Deion wasn't that good? Come. It's all good. No, No, no. Not only was Nobody's tasted that rock's like a connoisseur.


No, Listen, I don, I don't, We not tequila drinking. Nobody's like a liquor. I'm saying Tequila. That's Te casamigos that good? No shit is nasty. You drink it to get drunk though. Like all of that shit is nasty. Exactly. Nasty. But Casamigos got embraced by the coaches just like Rock did. Why? Because Diddy was pushing the motherfucker no Casamigos. Oh, I don't know why Casamigos got, because Rappers put it in their songs. I guess same thing with tequila. And George Clooney ran up to a billion, ran up To a billion. It's kind of when, when Usher but Said tequila. The, I really don't know why Amigos got so popular. I don't know why people Put in the records. Put it in the records. But I wanna ask you too, right? Chapter 10, you talk about entrepreneurship, right? Oh, oh Wait, so Da Leon was in the records too?


No, But it wasn't the same push That you gave it to Ciroc. You know, it wasn't You. So you telling me Cas Amigos told the rappers to put it in their migo? Nah, bigger than, bigger than the rap music. It's about in the shelf life, right? When, when you go to a bar, when you go to a club, when you go to a fine dining, is it top shelf? Yes. Yeah. Yes. Right there. And then it's all three. But when you go to, do you see it? Yeah. I'm talking about Deion. No, you never saw it, right? It's not being market in the Same, it's disgusting and nobody embraced it. It all disgusting. Okay. How you explain Tito's, it's a thing Called hidden influence. It's a thing called hidden influence. Yes. I don't look, I don't have to tell you to drink Hennessy, but if I put Hennessy in front of you, if I market it correctly, if I put it in the right situations, subconsciously you're gonna, you're gonna start to buy it.


One person's gonna buy a a hundred bottles. You see that There's, none of these things are accident. This is done by design. How they push these products is done by design. So yeah, they didn't push Casamigos like with a wrapper's face on it, but don't think that it wasn't pushed to the culture for sure. It was definitely pushed to the culture. And as a result, George Clooney became a billionaire for that. Yes, but De Leon on was pushed to the culture too. It just sucked. Nah, not, But I'll tell you, I'll tell you what it felt like happened. It felt like Diddy used his favors for Ciroc and you had every rapper doing it, right? Fab just talked about, what is it, Coloso that he tried to trademark And Diddy already trademarked it. Yeah, these rappers did it. So when it came to Deion, you didn't see the same amount of rappers pushing Deion.


Like she said, you see young Miami, but outside that you ain't see Fab, you ain't see French, you ain't see, Don't do that. You know, don't do That. Don't do that. It was nasty. Or they, they, they got game, they saw the game from Ciroc and they said, and you saw this, how many of those guys try to create their own liquor brands? Correct. Because they wanted to replicate the success. Like when you said like, when people start copy can, that's almost a good thing, right? Sometimes it's a good thing. Like you wanna replicate good business. And so some of those guys said, you know what? We did this for Sara when we were Sara Boys. Let's create our own brands. And you saw that. I don't know if it has as much to do with the taste of it. I Emini here, like, like you said, most liquor to me is disgusting. Yeah. Right? Like, Hennessy's not the greatest taste, but as a culture, we consume it like at a different level over indexed in it.


Right? So it, I don't think it's a taste factor. It really is like a marketing factor and it's a taste factor Or, or no liquor is good. Hennessy is smooth. Remy is smooth. Like I neither a Kanye. What, what did Jay say? They, they, they, they, they drank bevy out out of just spite you. Right? Like, so maybe it's a situation of they didn't really realize what was happening with Ciroc. Ciroc blows up then it, then he becomes a billionaire. I'm not supporting this shit no more. He's already a billionaire. We don't want to see each other win, really. You know, it's what what Envy's saying, Envy's bringing this up because of a conversation that happened that never aired. What's that? Remember when, remember when last time Didi was up here, You dead. I'm just saying now we, that's something I asked Diddy, I said, yo, don't you think it was kind of like, I forgot the word I used, but it's just like, oh, misleading that, you know, when Sirrah came out, we was saying, we thought you black on black owned, black owned, Owned.


You Didn't, yeah. You know, you own 30% equity, which is good, but it wasn't necessarily black owned. And now you're fighting this company because it was no black owned. It's not black on, but you, You, you volunteered that lie to people. What did he say? Can you please take it out? The interview? We had discussion about It. He did have to Take it out Perfect time. Yeah. I I I wanted to ask too about, you know, entrepreneurship in, in a beautiful struggle, right? So you guys have a lot of people that come to you that work a nine to five and want to to be entrepreneurs. And I always, it always comes back to when Dame Dash was up here and told people that, you know, pretty much you shouldn't work a nine to five, you should be your own entrepreneur. What do you say to that with people coming out, especially with this landscape of what's going on in The World today?


What do you say to those people? I, I, I don't think it's one thing or the other. I think it could be both. And I'm a testament to that. So like, while he was having that interview in 2015, I was a phys ed teacher, right? 2018 when I think we finally came in contact or 2019, I was still a phys ed teacher, but I was starting a business. Why? Because I knew that my salary was not gonna provide the life that I wanted long term for my family. And so one of the things of being around entrepreneurs like Rashad and our other partner of Mike, I'm watching them create their own freedoms. I'm watching 'em create their own salaries. I'm watching them being able to create generational wealth from something that they own. I, I would've worked in that school district for 20 years and that didn't guarantee anything for my kids. And so I always tell people like, your nine to five is your first investor.


I looked at the school district like this is an investor, right? They're getting return on their investment. 'cause I show up every day. I'm making sure I do my job. The kids are enjoying it. They're learning the growth. Is there that money that I made? Now I gotta figure out how I can number one, invest it. But how can I create business? At the time, earning leisure became that business. And now you got the guy who was a nine to five that now was doing entrepreneur stuff on his break. Like I'm shooting ads, right? When shout out to Black Fed when we were doing that. I'm shooting those on my lunch break. I'm shooting those in the bathroom. Everything I'm doing is, I still got the nine to five. But now I'm having this entrepreneurial journey. Eventually the entrepreneurial journey took me out of my nine to five. And now this is the full-time thing. So I I'll You could do both thing. Probably in my opinion, the most impactful interview that you guys have ever done.


I think it is Terribly well continue. Why? Why terribly? Why Terribly 'cause of who he 'cause of him Sort of kind of. But I think the missing piece of that interview, the message, what y'all do, the missing piece of that interview was the how Well that's The thing We Was listening. So sometimes you gotta spark the Damon are great at saying things but not fully explaining it and then kind of going off the rails sometimes. But he, what he did do in that interview was to get a lot of people focused on entrepreneurship. It's, it was triggering for a lot of people. But it's important he went to the extreme. But entrepreneurship is important. That's vitally important. And especially in our communities, even most black entrepreneurs don't employ any people.


So that's really not, you're not really even an entrepreneur at that point in time. You just are working for yourself Emini here. So as far as the business side of it, for him to kind of say that it was insightful And I think it, it definitely got people thinking like on a different level. So to answer your question, I think everybody doesn't need to be an entrepreneur. But we do need to encourage entrepreneurship for sure. And like you said, you can, you can be a, an employee and have a business as well. There's no, there's no job security, No. An entrepreneurship No, no, No. And Or any job really. Right? Right. Like there's no job. We talking about AI is gonna take 200 million jobs in the next 10 years. No job that you have.


You can Just say, okay, I'm just gonna work this job And I'm gonna be okay. And even if you do work that job, your wage is gonna stay the same. So inflation is going up and wages are staying the same. How, how, this is why debt's going up. 'cause people is making up for what they're not earning and money and they're putting it on their credit card. So entrepreneurship, like, we always gonna push that. That's very, very important. Agree It all up. But y'all always deliver the how to. The reason I say that interview age terribly. 'cause if you watch it with no contact and you just watch it, you like with the cookies, sure I want to be my own boss, but how, you know, like what does that look like? And am I, am I, am I a piece of shit? 'cause I'm just an employee now. Right? But that, but that interview was needed, right? Because that sparks two guys from Greenburg New York that are watching that.


He's an entrepreneur. I'm working in nine to five. And what he's saying, I'm like, damn, there's truth to that. I remember sitting there like, I could work here for 40 years and this school's never gonna have my name on it. What am I leaving for my son? What am I leaving for my daughter? Right? So then as we're teaching kids in the summer right now we're putting those lessons in there. Entrepreneurship. How do you create business? Which businesses or which job do you need? If you don't have a co all these things are being sparked from that. So I, I'm taking the word terribly out of it. I think it definitely is the most important. Why don't y'all do that? Why don't y'all like revisit that interview? 'cause it should be like the 10 year anniversary that why don't y'all two in particular, I'm seriously revisit that interview and break down the how as he's talking. Because I think that would serve a generation 10 Years. Yeah. 10 years better. Yeah, absolutely.


Yeah, that's an idea. I was Gonna ask, do The title, do we right here, right now? No, we can. So before y'all do Yeah. The title of the book is You Deserve to Be Rich, but like less What, what is your definition of rich worth? You know, versus wealthy? 'cause I wanna be Wealthy. That's perfect. Yeah. I use that in the book somewhere. I can figure that out. Like for my kids and, and, and for, you know, how do I, we Actually had this debate about whether we should use, he wanted to use the word wealthy. Yeah. Mm. I did. I I I 'cause I I know how to, I we gotta talk to the people. Yeah. And I know rich is a word that we still figuring this thing out.


Yeah. Like Emini here as far as as, as a people, What is rich? Yeah. So you gotta crawl before you walk, right? So wealthy is the ultimate goal for sure. But you gotta get rich before you become wealthy. Yeah. But yeah, I know you was gonna say something. No, I, I was gonna say exactly that, right? Like the first step to building wealth is you gotta get rich. Yeah. You gotta figure out what systems you're gonna create to make sure that you can have money in your account. That is number one. You can invest, which is gonna help you get rich. And then wealth is something that's forever and we want everybody to have it forever. But we know that it just takes one person in the family to get rich. Right? So like now you become the CEO of your family. Now how do you allocate that? And that's part of the book too. It's like, yes, a lot of us in here are CEOs for our families, but nobody has the the guide to tell us what to do when we're not the CEO.


How do you now lend money to your friends? How do you say no to your, your cousins, right? Right. Like nobody tells you how to do anything. How, how do you now prepare for your children, right? Congrat, like I know you just have new, how do you now prepare for your child to make sure that the, the wealth that you've now created is now passed down? We always talk about wealth in our community, but again, it's all first generation. Envy your first generation, your first your, we are first generation. How do we make sure that it gets passed down to your kids? We don't know. Right? How do we make sure that it gets passed down to your kids' kids? That's generational wealth. That's what we've seen in other communities. Yeah. But there was never a guide. And that's why we came out with the books. It was like, here's the guy, here are the steps to make sure that you have sustainable wealth.


Not just generational, but sustainable. 'cause that's the goal, right? You, your kids shouldn't have to work as hard as you did to get to it. So first get rich and then we gonna be wealthy. That's why I believe it's been such a rise of financial literacy in our coach over the last 10 years. That's why the platforms like y'all work or you know, trap or 19 keys, whoever it is, because you got all these motherfuckers wanting to be entrepreneurs 'cause of the Dame interview. But there's no how to. There was no how to. That's why, that's why, that's why we came in. That's why we, that's why we here six this week is in March's, six years of, of Earn legia. And it's encouraging. That's it. Six years. Yeah. It was a strong six years. So, you know, hopefully and God willing to be playing more years. 'cause there's still more work to Do. The intro is the American Dream remix, which I, which I find fascinating 'cause how, how would you define the American dream in 2025?


Yeah, the American dream. We say like the American dream is a lie 'cause it's like the American dream is work hard and you know, have your family and you know, and that's only a recipe for just to be stressed out and to be broke for your whole life. So hell yeah. The dream, the dream for me is to be able, like even going back to like what is rich people say? Like what's your definition of rich? Like I feel like when you can live life on your terms, that's a blessing. Like when you can wake up when you want, when you can travel when you want, when you can, you know, go to the restaurant and not have to worry about how much money you have. 'cause you know, you gotta like, you know what Emini here, like send your kids to school. Like that's, that's how I look at it as far as like, you know, being rich.


Like not just having to worry about day-to-day struggles and you know, pinching Peter to pay Paul and worrying about how you gonna get enough money to pay rent next week and stuff like that. So that's my American dream. Yeah. You know what Emini here, being able to, being able to employ people that's important. Like we employ probably 30 people. Like that's a good feeling man. It's a good feeling to actually be able to support somebody else's economy. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like you responsible for, for them in, in a certain sense as far as how they, how they put food on their table. Like, you know, that's like how we really moving this thing forward. Yeah. It it is, it is a personal situation for me, right? Like first generation American parents from Jamaica, the American dream was get the big house with the white picket fence and have a do.


And my parents actually got to it, but they didn't have financial education. We lost that house. I ended up living in a basement. And so like the dream has to be remixed because everybody's not starting at the same point, right? Had my parents start with education, who knows. I don't even make it to this point, right? So like everybody's dream is gonna be different. We used to be pitched that, but we're seeing a lot of different starting points. We're sign, we're starting to see a lot of new innovation. We're starting to see more people that look like us create wealth. So people are creating their realities more than their dreams, right? Like somebody they just asked us, did you have a dream that it would be like this? No. Who thinks that you're going to create a, a podcast that turns into a media conglomerate that's educating millions about finance? Nah man, you, I just wanted to make six figures when I was in middle school.


That was it. And this is, we're turning realities and now people are trying to like, hey, my reality's more important than some of those things I dreamed about. They could be goals, right? But we gotta turn these things into reality. I think we said that last time you were here that that, you know, people's dreams change, right? Because you know, my, my dad who's a retired police officer, his dream was to work 20 years retire and his son go to college. That was his dream and he was happy with that. He, he stays in the same house that he did, you know, 40 years ago and he's happy. But my dreams change. You know what Emini here and that makes my kids' dreams change. Right. You know what Emini here, my kids are. But you know, I also wanted to go back to something that you said too. You said when you get to a certain point people start to hate on you. And people, especially in our community, how do we change that mindset?


Right? The reason I say that is, is my son go to University of Miami and his roommates, they help each other build wealth, right? And I, it's something I've never seen before 'cause I didn't have those friends, I didn't have but Emini here first. My friends didn't know. But it's something that I've never seen before. It, I thought I opened up my kids to something I didn't have, but they opened up my kid pause to something that, that is way past anything I've ever seen. You know what, Emini here, Definitely false Way faster than anything I've ever seen To that I said, how do we change that mindset? Charlotte, take that out the interview please. He said worse. Honestly, bro. Emini here. It's a good question. It's gonna take a generation honestly. Like we, so it's so much trauma, so much trauma.


Like, you know, as far as how we look at ourselves and you know, it's just, it's really deep rooted and it's, it is. They've done a number on us, man. Even if you go to the continent, like, you know, it's just, it's just, it's an unfortunate situation that we find ourselves. They've done A number on us and we've done a number on ourselves. Yeah, For sure. Both things are true for sure, man. Yeah. Both things are true for sure. But it, it is going, it's gonna take a lot of hard work. It's gonna take demonstration. Like the education is important, but it's gonna take demonstration. It's gonna take me working with you and people watching that. It's gonna take me working with Jess and seeing us create business and them replicating that. See, it's okay. Like I wanna celebrate your wins. I'm celebrating your wins. We need to see, we're starting to see more of that. Like as people create more businesses that are scalable, that's important too.


Having scalable business and people champion that. Not just saying, yo, I'm gonna support your clothing line because you're my friend, right? Really pour into that business if you can add something to it, figure out a way. But it's gonna take the demonstration of us doing it together. Emini here if we haven't realized that we all, we got like, Yeah, y y'all both saying amazing things that I totally agree with you. You said something just now. Yeah. If I create a scalable business, you should allow me to scale it. Let me scale it and let me sell it without calling me a motherfucking seller. Oh, that's A fact. That's, oh Boy. You know what I'm saying? That's a fact. Emini here that comes from, it's, it's very complicated issue, but well, hey detour, one of the most dangerous things you can do is help somebody.


That's one of the most dangerous things you can do because when you, it's never what you didn't do for a person. It is what, it's never what you did to a person, it's what you didn't do for them. Yeah. Right? And this happens all the time, business and person. And as you climb up the ladder, you see, I'm sure all you've seen it before, it's like you help somebody, you try to put somebody on, you try to, you know, you trying to be a good black person and ultimately it leads to disappointment because you couldn't do one thing that they really wanted. That's right. And then that then that leads to them tarnishing your name and slandering you. And like I said, it could potentially end up, you know, getting killed, rest in peace and Nipsey hussle. So it's just like, it's, it's, it's so complicated. Like when you, when you really talk about like, okay, how do we get past this?


'cause like we have a problem with everybody has to be number one. That's one thing I noticed. Like, we don't, we have a real problem with that. Like, it's never a sheer power type situation. It's never like, okay, I'm comfortable being number two. I'm comfortable being number three. Well I'm just, I'm in my, I'm running my race. It's like when you get to a certain point, it's, it's all love. Until you, until you get to a point where you on top or you're perceived to be on top, then that's a problem. 'cause nobody wants to see a black person on top, unfortunately, white or black. That's just a fact. I agree. And you said something else too, Rashad, that I, I totally agree with and that lets me know the intention is right.


And that's what I like about the book and that's why I like what y'all do, period. 'cause the intention is always right. You said you got 30 employees, that's the conversation. People don't have enough. How many people are you helping or, or is what you building only benefiting you? If so, it's not big enough. That's a fact. Like how many jobs are you creating? That's a fact. How much money have you put in people's pockets? That, That, that's the lesson that you hear, right? So every time we get to sit down with somebody from that level of wealth, that's the question. Are you, is this, are you dreaming big enough, right? Is this like, how do we make this vision bigger? Robert Smith has said it to us. Steve Harvey said, everybody says the same thing. It should scare you and it should. It really should, right? Like you should feel like how are we gonna get this done? But the beauty is in the journey of getting it done, because you know what?


It isn't about you. Every day we wake up, we know this isn't about us. This somebody that is relying on the information that we give to change their life every single day, right? Whether it's from social media on Instagram or they watching Market Mondays, or they watching Esia or they watching anything that we put out. They're watching it with the intent that this information's gonna change my life. And that's like God work, Right?


Peace of the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about Mental Health. You can order all kinds of books on Mental Health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day. Prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve or they'll make it right. So If you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Peace of the planet, Charlamagne Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes, you heard me right? Scissor is going to be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our, I grab you girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday. Rate it off. Get your tickets now.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Like that's, that's bigger than us. And you know, it's a great responsibility. But this is what we've been stowed with. I I wanna go back to the DEI convo. Rashad. How, how do you think a lot of these corporations rolling back on the DEI programs is going to impact black people? It's It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt. As far as like funding for different initiatives or if you try and get sponsors for different events or Yeah, it, it is not gonna be good. It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt. And the only Emini here, you gotta create your own. But that's another thing about being an entrepreneur. You, you can't take it can't take it away from you. Like, you know what Emini here, as far as like the DI, they cannot fund it to a certain level. Like us at Invest Fest, right? We do Invest Fest every year.


Biggest one of the biggest events when it comes to business in The World. Not for black people, for any, any people. We, our biggest struggle is sponsorships. We don't have a problem getting a-list. Celebrities, we don't have a problem getting 20,000 people. We don't have a problem getting billionaires. We got a problem getting sponsorships, it's gonna be even harder. Like that's just, that's just the reality. So it, it impacts us on that level. Even though we're entrepreneurs, if we, we trying to rely on corporate sponsorships 'cause they only look at black people as charity. That's just a fact. Like we having, we, we pitch it to this company, they're like, okay, well let's, let's see how this fits in our DEI bucket. See, the problem is that totally amount, they don't look at you as a regular like person.


So if it was just a regular, if we was a white company, they'd be like, this is just good business. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Black. They don't see 20,000 people. They don't see billionaires, they don't see millions of dollars. And in the marketplace they look at this as like, okay, this is a community give back charity initiative. DEI initiative, okay, how can we fund this? Right? Then what they do is they'll have like $10 million in a bucket for black people, but their marketing budget is a hundred million dollars. So that $10 million gotta go to you me, right? Every single person. Right. We all fighting for $50,000, 10,000, 25,000. And it comes with all kinds of contingencies. You gotta post on social media and do the whole dog and pony show. But it's the same way that we look at Africa, we doing a development in Africa, we build it in Ghana and there's a lot of people that was happy for it, but some people like, yo, why y'all doing this?


Like, you know, the locals ain't gonna be able to afford it. They buy properties in cash. They people have money in Ghana. Everybody's not rich, but everybody's not poor either. But psychologically, when we think about Africa, we only think about Potbelly poor begging for money. We don't, we look at the continent as a charitable endeavor only and that's how we look at, that's how white people look at us in America. Yeah. They don't look at us as business. They look at us as charity. So that's gonna be taken out. Charity is gonna, first thing that's gonna be taken out is it's expendable. Right. Because if it's real DEI, if you really like, that's why I don't even like the term DEI. It's just business. It's gonna be good business or it's gonna be bad business. Like I said, Robert Smith has a better rate of return than most of the white money managers.


That's right. So it's like, it's in your best interest to have him manage. Like, it's not okay, I'm just going to give him $10 million because he's black and it's gonna be good for my conscious. He knows what he's doing, he's educated, he's smart, And he's not the only one. That's why I said even like the struggles that we have that perception of like, yo, y'all at the top. So if we have any struggles, imagine the people who are trying to build on the way up, right? So like, you know what I'm saying? Like that's, that's the fight and we're trying to kick down the door. Black fat, same thing. We're trying to kick down the door so that we can have more people coming through the space because people are looking at it like, this is viable. I want to have a voice. They have created different systems other than just the podcast and they've seen it. But I'm telling you like on the other end of this, right, like when we get to the hill and we're looking over and like, yo, these are the challenges that we're facing.


Like who's gonna meet the challenge? But that's the sin. This is the hard this is, it is, it is difficult to express this because if people be like, okay, well you're a millionaire, you're already successful, nobody's gonna have sympathy. Right? But it's like, yeah, we have 30 people, but if we were bigger, we could have 3000 employees. All of our billionaires are worth 1 billion and 2 billion. You don't find that strange. Jay-Z's probably, he's supposed to be worth 30 billion. All that he's done, Sam Bankman free, nobody even knew of him and he was worth 35 billion. Look at all the stuff that Jay-Z's done that be worth 2 billion. OP was worth 2 billion. Robert. Like everybody's worth 2 billion. Or one Tyler Perry's worth 1 billion. Rob, Rob ran up to None. I'm not mad at that perspective, but it is. All of this is new for us.


You're talking about the people who had a 400 year head start on us Emini here. No, no, no. But what I'm saying is that, what I'm saying is that they don't, there's a glass ceiling that you hit. Right? And the general public is not gonna have sympathy for it because they just trying to pay their rent. I get it. But it's like Elon Musk is worth $400 billion. But who's the biggest buyer of his products? Do you know? No, I don't. The United States government, he has more, he has more government contracts than almost anybody. Absolutely. Right? Is that entitlement? Because if it was a black person, they would say it was, it was only because of DEI. So what I'm saying, he has help. He has help to, to get to different levels. You don't get to a billionaire 400 billion by yourself.


You need a lot of help. You need corporate sponsorships. You need government relationships. These are things you're not, you, you start to max out. You start to max out. You start to hit the ceiling if you're black. Yeah. And like I said, it's like, it's difficult to express that to people because they're not gonna have sympathy for it. I'm talking about black people. Yeah. They call You complaining. Like, you know, you see it all the time. You see somebody else do it a a, an invest fest that's white. You see all the sponsorships in The World, right? You see everything. You see everybody from McDonald's to Delta, to private jets, to all these corporations. But same thing. They'll be like, all right, we'll give you 10,000. You be like, but you just gave him a million dollars. You, you see it all the time. I see, I see that. Also, no questions asked and no proof of concept before the event. We've actually been to that. But I think like what he's saying, even with the ceiling for, for definitely black Americans, like, like Robert Smith does hit 9 million, but we've never seen somebody pass double digits in the billions.


Right. In America. Until you go look at who has the wealthiest amount of people in The World of people of color. Right? And then you go to the continent and then you see illegal Dan Goldie and 2017 he was worth 21 billion. But you never heard about him. Mm. Nobody teaches you about him. You actually gotta go do your own research. But that could be something that's inspirational for a kid. Wait, he didn't come from sports, he didn't come from entertainment. What did he do? How did he, 21 billion. We never even heard of his name. Right. And then you start going down the list of the wealthiest black people in The World. Top five are all coming from the continent Right. Before we even get to Robert Smith. And so like the education part, that's again something that they trying to take outta schools. That's right. Right. They not, they don't want us to know about that. That needs to be taught.


That's why like this moment and what we're doing is super important. 'cause it gives light to those situations to inspire You. You got a chapter called Paying the Other Tax. What's the other tax? Like friends, family, you know, black, it's a black tax. Oh, you responsible for that for a lot stuff. Y y'all know what that is. You know what Emini Here like, so Yes, you gotta make sure that your, your family's taken care of. You gotta make sure that your parents take care of you gotta take sure that you know. So especially Now, 'cause you told 'em they deserve to be rich. You Deserve to Be Rich on your own. Man. That's, that's a, that's a second edition. That's A second edition. But they gotta believe it. That's said nah, but you gotta be careful with that. You know, it's like have a, we talk about having a budget in a book.


Like if you're gonna give money, you can give money but have a budget and it shouldn't just be like an ongoing situation. Like if it's irresponsible to borrow money from somebody that you know, you can't pay back. I agree. But it's also irresponsible to loan money to somebody that you know can't pay you back. Both people are wrong in this situation. I agree. You know, if somebody can't pay you back. So why So why you 10,000 until next Friday? Like you ain't never had 10,000 in Your life. Exactly. How you gonna get, Why would I give you that? Exactly. Nah. And then they'll come up with a plan of how they gonna get it back. I'm gonna give you 7% interest over the next three years. I'm like, you don't have a job. How's this going work? Does that make everything go to my mom and pops? Like, if you can go through them then yeah, but most people can't go through them because my mom and pop look like, nah, I worked tall for it. You gotta vet The situation.


Yep. They vetting the situation. So. Yeah. But people don't, we, when we first get into the money, people are watching it. We're still hanging around the same people that we kind of grew up with. Right. Those people maybe have not done the same thing as far as creating wealth for themselves. So they're looking at you like you're the guy. They have, yo, I need something for Christmas for my kids. They calling you yo, my man got they calling you. I see The craziest ideas, man. You know what I'm Saying? It it's crazy. You're the call about. Yeah. And like who prepared you for that? I like ideas though. I don't like, I'd rather an idea than just a request. For sure, for sure. You know what I'm saying? The Idea becomes, Becomes Some level of entitlement. Like, it's like, yo, I gave you this whole thing. All right bro. And then it's like, yo, you ain't, you ain't, you're not gonna invest in my business.


No, no, No respect. No, not respectfully, but they'll take that. It's like, damn, like why not? Like, fronting On me. You, I I'm not asking you for money. Well, technically you are, but you're not. I respect that you're doing it in a different type of manner, but there's there's a level of entitlement. Yeah. Nobody's in, nobody has to give you anything. If somebody does give you something, then you should be grateful for and you should execute the best possible way you go about it. But you're not entitled to something just because you know somebody. I Agree. And the money principle chapter, you say how you feel about yourself is reflected in your relationship with money. What is the connection between the two?


That's a direct quote. Yeah, For sure. Emini here. I feel like if, if, if you don't love yourself, then you're gonna make bad decisions, right? And all right, so it goes back to a lot of different psychological things as far as, especially with us, like, you know, we have a inferiority complex that we never really fully acknowledged. So when you go to Dubai, you don't know who's who. 'cause everybody's dressed the same. Everybody dressed the same. You might have a watch, you might, but other than that, they ain't nobody knows. They everybody, they dress modest men and women. There's wisdom in that. We have to have a better chain. Yeah, we gotta have a better car. We gotta have a better watch because we want to let you know that we have more money than you.


Well stop being so flowery. Sha Emini here. Some things it's just On God giving. But like he, but like he said, where you come from m you come from is everything. Right? You know, coming from queens as queens get the money, it's, it is everything. Now where you guys come from, we got, now we look at, you guys grew Up in hip hop culture, man, You look online and people say, you say, all right, 15% saving 55% bills, 20% investing. And then I look at some of your outfits, I'm like, dang, putting 15% some that. And people look at that and be Like, everything in moderation. That's an Investment. Everything In Moderat, you Gotta be balanced. Telling these threats into investment. An investment, You gotta be balanced.


So that's the good thing with us is that we shook up the game because we kept the culture. That's why it's assets over liabilities. You never said don't have liabilities, but you gotta have your priorities straight. Like you shouldn't have a a you shouldn't have more money in bags than you have in the stock market. That's irresponsible. If you, if you're a woman, you shouldn't have more money in sneakers than you have in the stock market. That's irresponsible. Now you could have sneakers, you could have bags, because we are flashy people. This goes back to mana. Like it's just in our DNA we are flashy, but we've taken it to a level of irresponsibility. Right? Like, you don't need 10 chains. We are one.


You don't, you don't need to have two watches on just one watch top. Nah, the two watch movement was crazy. It Still, it's still happening. They still doing that. Yeah. The two watch movement Emini here, it's cra But these are lessons like these That's crazy. They're, they're all lessons, right? That we had to learn. Like we come up in hip hop, like even like down to the top of this book. Like we was like looking at NA's album cover and say, yo, that's the font hip hop. We know there's a starter kit that comes with that, right? Absolutely. And there's a relatability that comes with that when you see it. Right? And so when you see somebody walk in automatically, if they have those things, you think wealth until you get around people who are wealthy and they look nothing like that. But, but then there's a relatability from our community. It's like, there was reason why I was wearing Jordans when I was teaching.


I knew the kids respected that. Like that was go, even though I love wearing Jordans and it was fly, there was a relatability. You Wasn't like that other teacher. I wasn't like the other teacher. Right. They already automatically knew I was where from where they from. And they can relate to me without me saying a word. So now when people see us doing, you know, well how we, how we dress and shout over, you know, over indexes on it. But they could, there's a relatability because they've never seen somebody talk about finance. They never heard somebody sound as educated when it comes to business. And it's like, oh wait, this is, I can't Relate the guy in the shit. Muhammad said that verbatim. Yeah, Gotta get the attention. I Gotta pull up in the fan. I, he said that, he said the roll, I think he said fan, he said the roll. Yep. So you can do it.


Just don't. And even like, even in, in relationships, right? I've been telling people like, yo, the the girl you're gonna get with the chain on is the same girl you can get without the chain on really, to be honest with you. But you don't feel confident in yourself. Word Up. That's the insecurity that you have. But that chain is gonna lead to you getting robbed. Potentially. That chain is gonna lead to you having to get insurance on it. You gotta protect it. You gotta look over your shoulder, look at, look at, you gonna end up spending more money than the actual chain cost, right? So it's just like little stuff like that. Like once you really get secure, it's maturity. Once you get mature, it's like, all right, I just wanna just stash the money. I just want to just grow the money. I wanna do this. I ain't really, you could do nice things, have nice stuff, but that's not my primary focus.


My primary focus is not to get money and just throw it in a strip club. Yeah. And even it happens. It happens. That that Principle you're talking about the largest allocation and, and most wealth management don't do this. Investment is the second largest allocation, right? We're talking about 55% spending. And that's not for frivolous spending. Obviously the cost of living goes up. Your mortgage, your rent, your bills, that student loan debt, all those type of things go into spending. But the next thing is invest, right? Like that has to be a principle. We have to look at it like, that's our phone bill. We have to have our brokerage account. We have to invest in the wealthiest companies in The World because we know long term, this is what the wealthiest people do, and this is how we're gonna create it for ourselves. The next thing is savings. Because yes, we need reserves. We don't want to go into a situation where we're like, yeah, we spent our money, we've invested our money.


What happens there? If there's emergency, the first thing you're gonna do is you're gonna go back to your investment and say, all right, well let me take from that because this feels like it's discretionary now. That's there to grow wealth long term. Your savings is for your emergencies if anything comes up. And then obviously charitably, we want to give back. And I know that's The sharing part. The sharing is charity. It ain't just family friends here. Yeah. Well that's, that's charity kind of, if you look at it from that standpoint too. But can we talk about Mental Health real quick? Please? That's a big part too. That huge. I think we should, we should talk about as far as when you start getting money, like it's not really talked about a lot. They should, they should have like Mental Health professionals for people that's just getting money, especially In sports for sure. Every A hundred percent. Every yeah, every aspect.


'cause there's so many different things that you gotta go through mentally that you don't, you can't prepare yourself for. Yeah, I was thinking about that. You know, when I was, I was listening to Mark Zuckerberg on Joe Rogan, and even guys like Elon Musk who prepares them to be multi-billionaires with that much power over The World. You don't, and that's why you just start being Elon and just think you Just doing whatever you want. Complex. Yeah, yeah. And try to figure out how to conquer, right? Like even me, like I I, I, I got an insomnia. I just started getting insomnia. Like that shit is like bad. Like, you know what Emini here? Like yeah. Rasha making so much money, he can't sleep. God damn. Counting money. Counting Money. That, damn, that's trauma's real.


It's not a, and it is not a conversation that's had, right? Like how many times have you talked about financial trauma at in your household? That's not, trauma's not even something just regular, we're not talking about right? You, you speak on that all the time. And I think it's important, but financial trauma is important too, right? Like we, we grow up saying save your money, save your money, save your money. The wealthy do the opposite, right? They invest, they invest, they invest, right? We talk about, hey, let, let's create a business account or open a bank account. We go to check cashing, right? We put money under our bet. This is, these are trauma responses, right? There's obviously somewhere we don't trust something either. It's the system, the banking system. We don't trust ourselves with the money or we're trying to, we don't want people to know we have it.


That type of trauma never gets spoken about and it's real, you know what I'm saying? These are real things that are happen in an everyday basis. But the first thing is to understand where the trauma comes from, which is the recognition part. How do we overcome it and how do, how do we change that? And Then you start doing weird shit. Like, why white billionaires have infatuation with, with gangster rappers. That's weird. That's weird. The music is good. No, Sean, why you sleeping on other music? The music slaps? No, it's one thing to like a music, but I'm just saying, all right, if you are, if you are a white billionaire, right? And you appreciate black culture, I can appreciate that. But if you only surround yourself with rappers and, and entertainers, well that tells me that you don't really value black culture. Yeah. Gimme some examples, gimme some Examples.


You only, you only value black culture from an aspect of their hair to entertain you. Because if you really value black culture, you would have Tamika Mallory there. You could have, you know, the, the senator from X, y, and Z state. So you not going to a Mike Rubin or a white party. No, it's not about that. But I'm just saying, Just saying Damn niggas. I don dunno why we do that to Reen. I Think Reen Nah, it's not Mike Rubin. It's, it's a lot of people though. It's a lot of them. It's a lot of them. Or they might not be billionaires, but they close to it. It's a lot of them. And it's weird. And it, it it is and and it is, it is weird how the rappers look at them. 'cause they would never do that for a black billionaire.


Well, You know what, like what the little baby tell you about when, when you asked him about people saying he's always around Mike, Mike Rubin in, in your Utah. He gives, he gives 'em information and all that. Nah, appreciate Any investments. No, no. I, I appreciate. I'm just saying that, okay, if you are a white billionaire, you have nothing in common with Ty dollar sign. You have nothing in common with a gang member from Compton. You have nothing in common. Right? So what I'm saying is that, okay, you appreciate this music, but if you embrace black culture, embrace all of black culture. 'cause then it starts to look weird. And now you start to just put on a pedestal, which some would deem the worst parts of elements of our culture. And you're highlighting it and you're, you're amplifying messages.


That's not beneficial. So it's like, and like I said, Emini here and if you are a black, you looking up to somebody who has more money than you, I can appreciate that because they're giving you information. But it's weird too, like, you know what Emini here, like I wonder if it's the white person's fault or is it our fault for making, making that so cool. It's both Donald Trump. This is how Donald Trump became popular. He used black culture and he got filthy rich off of it at, at with real estate and all of that too. But I'm saying that's how he became like real celebrity. And then he turned into the 180 Because nobody told these rappers to mention Donald Trump in all their records. Nobody told these rappers to put the name songs after Trump Seen. It goes, it goes both ways.


Yeah, it goes both ways. It's it's predatory practice that it's Kanye hugged them in the White House and said, you're like my dad. Yeah, but Kanye was, He Did though. No Kanye Slam. Can we stop? That happened though. No Kanye Slam. Go back to the eighties though, right? Like, there's this up and coming fighter from Brooklyn who's tearing up the, the scene, right? Who decides that he's gonna manage him? Don King, Donald Trump. Donald Trump first. I don't remember That. Yeah, go look it up. So he, oh wow. He manages him. He decides that like you're up and coming. In fact, you're gonna fight at all of my, all your fights are gonna be where Atlantic City, Donald at Trump, Right? So he, he already sees like, here's the entertainment, here's the culture.


There's, we gotta, but That not good business. I'm not saying it's not, It, it, if it's, look, it's a difference between having good business and using something as a marketing strategy to boost your valuation. And you really have no infatuation with the situation at all. Or you're only hyper-focused on one particular area. That's a question that needs to be asked. 'cause it's, it is a pattern that continues to happen. And when it's, it's, it's happened at least 20 times over the last 15 years with different people. You're not wrong. But I see it both ways. And I tell you why They're not hip hop. They didn't grow up in, they, they're not hip hop. They're not like I, no, But there's a lot. I'm not buying, I'm not buying it at All. No, I, I agree. But it's all about what we choose to make Cool.


Because there's a lot of billionaires that like to be around y'all now because the culture made y'all cool. And it's the same thing with the artists, it's the same thing with the athletes. So it's really kind of up to us, like what do we make cool in our culture? Yeah. I think what separates us is, and shout out to everybody that we've gotten information from, but when we get information, we giving it back to y'all. That's right. Like that's the first, right. We're not just sitting there like, yo, because we wanna look cool or we wanna go to your party. Nah, what's the information? Like, give it to us in a real time so we can disseminate it and give it back to more people to help them. And Don't hug me from the back. Like you said, it's, they were wrestling. Jess, thanks Jess. It was wrestling. So like you said, it's, it's what makes my business cool.


You know what, Emini here, I could, I, I could own any type of business, but when you're part of it, it makes it cool, right? Like let's think of jerseys, right? We've never owned any jerseys, but we always made it cool with where jerseys are selling out. When Mitchell And I don't even know who the owner Mitchell Lyness was. I never seen that guy in my Life and on another, but we made it cool is not wrong. Same guy you just talking about. But also with y'all like Ruben, you Now, he was it now, but before he ont own EYL having billionaires at Invest Fest helps EYL No, no. But it helps the culture too though. I'm saying. I'm saying, so why would two cool black dude wanna hang with corny at billionaires? What I'm saying is that we have a wide spectrum of everybody. We've talked to rappers, we've talked to astronauts, we've talked to the vice president, we've talked to CEO of companies.


We've talked to literally every single spectrum. Every single spectrum. We're not just only focused on rappers 'cause we're a business platform. That would be weird if we were a business platform and the only requirement to get on our show is that you had to be a rapper, you had to be an athlete then That, that's questionable. It's questionable, right? Yes, to a certain extent. The only reason I say to a certain extent is 'cause they have to be introduced because we're not putting these people on. We're not put, like, I love Tamika Mallard. We try to amplify Tamika every chance we get. You know, like Tamika got the podcast with Black Effects. She got, I got she books with Black Privilege publishing my do it do, Do a better, do a better job of researching.


You're a billionaire. You got, you got you worth a hundred million dollars. You got research department do a better job of researching. 'cause you researched this person who was a no name rapper for Mississippi who had a buzz. You, you researched this person but doesn't Have, but that, okay, you're right. But doesn't have to be beneficial to both parties though. But, but that's what I'm saying. What is the beneficial part of it? You're, you're leaching off of a culture, right? How is that beneficial? Who's it beneficial for? What mean, What do the Be mean if somebody is, if somebody is using your culture to benefit themselves, who's that beneficial for? You said, you said it's beneficial for both parties. Yeah. How's it beneficial for, for the other party? Where's the other party benefiting from? Well, in the ca I'm, I'm only using this one example Gru.


Exactly. In the case of Mike, I don't want keep saying Mike, I Know that's the one that we know. But in the case of Mike, they gonna send us a Hey yo meek $200,000, invest in this. You'll get your biggest return, which he did a year later. And Liz, yo me, let's start this reform. I saw what happened with your situation. Let's start this thing called reform and let's help get other black men and black women outta prison. Which he did. He Did 8 million. How much did Mike Rubin's valuation go off A Billion? Sure. No, from 2012 to 2024. How much you think it would've? Ooh, like, I think it was like 4 billion. It was A lot. Try 26 billion. It Was 26 billion. He was worth seven to 8 billion then he's worth 30 something now. Should I be Wrestling?


So you think that's, you think that his association with hip hop club, It helps. What I'm saying is Elon Musk, did You know him prior to that? Hmm? Did you know who he was prior to it? No, I didn't know Who he was. Elon Musk put $200 million into a political campaign. That's a lot of money. Absolutely. He made 200 billion from it. It's a good investment. Who really won? Who benefited? Who benefited from that situation? Both Elon and now Donald Trump is president of the United States of America. Wait, well he's been president and then, and Elon's gonna continue to benefit. 'cause Donald Trump, they they got that do shit now, which is supposed to clean up and make your own shit up. Clean up. Government regulation. Exactly. They be making up shit. He's gonna make it easier for him to do business all over The World.


Donald, Donald Trump was gonna win with or without Elon. I don't know About that. I 100% no. April I went to, I don know about that. I spoke, I went to DI went to DC in April when Joe Biden was still running, spoke to the head of the Democratic Party Coalition, whatever. They asked me how I felt about the situation. I said, there's no way that Trump loses. I don't see it. There's no way that Trump loses. There's no Way. But you know why you felt like that? Because over the last couple of years when Elon Musk started to shift the, the, the narrative on X and started to amplify so many different right-wing talking points, but he, and having the largest media platform in The World with X, you couldn't compete with that. He's Not even the largest media platform. But he had the foresight to say, I need a media platform.


And once I got it, I'm taking it private. But I'm just saying, see what I'm saying? It just felt, I'm talking about just on Instagram, just black people. I'm talking about black people in the barbershop. They like, yo, I'm rocking with Trump. Last two years, they amplified conservative messaging. Ain't nobody liked Joe Biden. And Joe Biden was like, yeah, he biden nobody like Biden. I agree with that. He, he was done. So Trump Was favored to win regardless. Yes. So Elon helped the situation. But did he really get him elected? Probably not. He Helped a lot. I think he helped, he helped a lot. A lot. Rashad. So you Don't think he would've got elected without Elon? He won every state. If he, if he was running against Biden, he won every Swing state, bro. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not disputing that. I'm just simply saying we can't act like Elon didn't help a lie. You saying you're saying because of the messaging, it helped him.


Hell yeah. But yeah, Emini here Fox is a conglomerate that has just as many people. X is Bigot than Fox. So when you, when On social media, No, X is bigot than Fox. Period. In terms of what viewership dis Dis distributing news easily. And yes. What it's a social media plot. All right. Okay. Elon Musk right inside, if you just thinking like how he would think, do you think that he really did this because he wants to champion Donald Trump or do you think he did this because he wants total control and will do whatever he wants and he he sees the pathway to become a trillionaire and the Latter. All of the above? No, no, the latter. No, no, no, no. All of the above. Absolutely. Trillion out. No. Yeah, Absolutely does That. I think he believes he's, he's Tony Stark in real life. Yeah. All Of the above. Real life. Absolutely the latter. Elon. What Elon does not care about Donald Trump in any way, shape or form.


So That's the only way to, to, to try to throw a curve ball, is to try to separate them from each other. Right. Try to figure out how they can say disparaging things. But I don't see it happening. But then it'll just be another, another wealthy rich man will come in and donate money to the Republican party. Like, as it is just wild to me. Like everybody's acting like Elon is the bad guy in this situation when this has been happening in American politics forever. He Elon's just the person showing his face. George Soros just got a medal of freedom two weeks ago, guys. The Koch, remember when he was the boogie man? The, the Koch brothers. Remember when George Soros was the boogieman for, for American politics? He just got a medal of freedom from Biden two weeks ago. He Did it at the highest level though. Elon did it at the highest level. That's usually what happens.


That is usually somebody shows you the wave and you come along and that's usually what happens. They Got a book out right now. Oh, Oh yeah, that too. This is part of the book. You Deserve to Be Rich out right now. Make sure y'all get it. Thank you. What is the next Invest Fest? August? We ain't announced the date yet, but we'll be back this summer. A TL Yeah. In August. Yeah. Yeah. One Of the producers said, if you're looking for a man come to Invest Fest. Is that true? Oh yeah. Yeah. It's a great thing. As far as like women, it was a whole thread on, on Georgia. Yeah. It's a whole thread about like women trying to find, but vice versa too. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta think about it. Who comes to invest with people that want to get their stuff in order? People that's already has their stuff in order.


People, that's entrepreneurs, people that's invested, people that's responsible. People that's looking for a life partner. So Yeah, that's, that's that's the wave right there. We might have a speed. We we helping out communities in more way than one. Yeah. But before we go, this is my last question. One guest that we'll never get to see on EYL, which I, which i, I just think is a travesty, is the late great Nipsey Hussle, but y'all did the conclusion in the book. Loaded Base is one of my favorite Nipsey records. Break that down. You know, Nipsey Hussle was somebody that was a great inspiration for us and somebody that we targeted. We wanted to have Nipsey as like a, when we first started. And unfortunately, you know, that couldn't happen. But it's just crazy how life works because we developed such great relationships with every single person. Like saying his brother saying like, that's really my brother.


Like I call him when the fires. I'm like, are you good? Like, that's bro, like Lauren London came to invest fast, copy Supreme, his whole entire team, like Dave Gross, everybody. And they all said the same thing. Like, yo, if nips if Nip was here, he would rock With y be right here With y He wouldn't just do an interview like y'all would have something. Oh, he'd Love you. Absolutely. Yeah. So it meant a lot. It meant a lot to kind of incorporate him in, in the, in the book in some way, some somehow his legacy. 'cause he played a part too as far as the entrepreneurship wave. Like there's been a few people, Rick Ross, he champion entrepreneurship. Absolutely. Nipsey Hussle, champion entrepreneurship. Jay Jay, of course Jay Absolute JayZ. That's, that goes what I was saying thing Pop all these people.


So Nip man, you know, it's just a great mind and just somebody who, I used to listen to his interviews more than I listen to the music, I listen to the interviews, I'm like, damn. Like he dude is really smart. Like he gets it talking about cryptocurrency, talking about ownership, ip, all that type of stuff. I'm like, he not like he was college educated, like off the street. So yeah, RIP the net man. Definitely one incorporated. I'm I'm glad you caught that man. 'cause that hip hop is still who we are at our hearts. And so having lot base is one of the chapters is one of those things. Having a a side and the B side was one of those things. Having Illmatic font was one of those things just because of the music means so much to us. And those people meant so much to us that we figured out, look, yeah, this is a book about financial education, but like, nah, hip hop has status quo and, and that was our way to to to pay how much to those people.


I do feel like y'all, that book should be about the, the more of the financial trauma and just, you know, mentally how being broke and being rich can impact you. Because you know, we've mentioned a couple of people here today and it, and it shows me that if you don't do the work on yourself, you know, your talent can't take you or your character can't sustain you. True. So that's why it's important to do the work. Yeah. Angie just asked us that a question like that. She was like, did y'all feel the pressure of being at this level of success? And when I went home, I thought about it. I'm like, right. Yeah, we, we already have certain characteristics. We're gonna be financially disciplined, but like, nobody ever is thinking like, Hey, at some point, what if you go broke? Like the pressure of trying not to go broke once you got it. That's a real, a real thing that again, nobody talks about, but we've seen it happen over and over and it's a, the sob story, but nobody cares for you.


Nope. Right. They, they waiting for you to come back down. So yeah, pray for all, all our millionaires. Pray for everybody that's building business and trying to create wealth for themselves and their family. Alright. And there you have it. You Deserve to Be Rich and master the inner game of wealth and claim your future. EYL, Rashad and Troy. Man. Appreciate y'all all as always Man. Thank you. Always great conversation. Thank you. Appreciate y'all. Thank you. That's right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my years stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for Knock Tale From the Shadow. Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Wright, an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to no on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.