
Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here?


How goes lower From Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Emle hosts of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listened to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mark Seal, And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, That was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, it's your girl Cheeky, and I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys, and as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like Love, personal Growth, health, family Ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out my best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky. It's going to be an exciting year, And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the J Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building who refuses to stop. Ladies and gentlemen, Kevin Hart. Welcome back, brother. Kevin. We just won't sit down. See that? How you feeling? Good on How you feeling Up yourself? Get up. Give it up for yourself. If nobody else will clap for yourself, you gotta give It up for yourself. That's right. I'm feeling good man. You feeling good? Life is great. No complaints, man. Here to talk about more shit, which means great shit is happening. Still moving, still tracking, still working, still doing the same thing but bigger.


When The last time you took a break, cv, Why, why, why take a break. We talk about this all the time. What are taking A break? You, you little rest. Every now And I don't rest. Reset. I don You can rest when you die. Jesus. I enjoy doing what I do. So why, why am I looking to rest? I have a good time working. I don't, I don't like hate my job. Yeah. Or my job doesn't stress me out. I, I enjoy the idea of work. I enjoy the idea of doing something that I set out to do. Like that's my happy space. Mm. Yeah. So I'm not, I'm not resting anytime soon. I Welcome. Congratulations to your Eagles. 45. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations to your Eagles. Yeah. I said congratulations. I didn't say no. No. I Just say congratulations. You a Giants fan. I am a Giants fan.


That's crazy. Yeah. You Thank me. Emini here. I don't work in the office. I understand what your office did. Quan Barkley. How about that? How about that? Helmet a second. Helmet. See the helmet? It was signed by Sequan. Just A second to talk about that. How about That? Stop by Sequan. It says he's know Sequan. How about that? Yeah, man. Like, not a lot of officers can like sit and be like, we fucked up. Like there's not a lot that can actually go. You know what, man? We really fucked up on this one, man. We did. Like, who's responsible? Like, they got a point. That's one of the few times where they got a point each other. Was it you Gary? Did you Who didn't make the fucking deal? That was a one thought it was been, you know, I thought it was in our best interest. The biggest gift in football Man. Mm. So stupid is such a Dumb man.


But it was good for Qua. He wouldn't have had that season in New York. I'm happy for st You wouldn't have had that season in New York. You don't Know what he would've. That's true. You don't know what he would've I know they wouldn't want no Super Bowl Emini here. That's true. But you don't know the seasoning had That's true. That's true. Coming back healthy, ready to play football. You know, it's not like he just got good. He's been fucking good, healthy, good. Yeah, they should a hundred percent. He was the face of the Giants Emini here. A hundred percent. Why do you get rid to say, I just don't understand it. But thank you. I I thank the Giants for the gift. One of the best gifts I've ever fucking like received as a fan in DeQuan Bar. Talk to us about this new two part documentary. You got number one on the call sheet. Number one on the call sheet. Congratulations. First of all, shout out to Jamie Fox. Man. This is a, a Jamie Fox like idea that he came to me with at Heartbeat.


And, you know, it was a concept about being the one on the call sheet and the good and bad of it. Right? He's like, you know, a lot of people experience it, but it doesn't do the same for everyone, you know. And whether it's the ego, whether it's the money, whether it's the idea of the money, whether it's the thought of my careers now about to be, and it doesn't become like there's so many different concepts attached to it. And I thought it was a great idea, man. You know, Fox is a brilliant mind. And I said to make it real, like we gotta go out and, you know, of course tap into all our relationships. So it started off as just the idea for men. Like we were heavy on the men's side and then we were like, yo, it's dope as fuck if you have it to where, you know, there's a male version.


And then we go and we tap into a female version as well and really just expand the conversation of success or lack thereof. And it's, it's dope to hear all these people talk about it. So I think people are gonna be blown away by hearing the good and the bad. Like everybody doesn't fuck with the concept of it, you know, Well being number one on the call sheet, Everybody doesn't fuck with it, Man. That's inter When did, when did you become number one on the call sheet? And what does it mean mean to be that? I've been number one in football, but when, when was the first time? I, I like, I love it. I love it. Like, I don't, I don't wanna make it very clear. I, I I love it. Well, think like, man, the first time, no Emini here, the first one. First one was probably of course, paper Soldiers way back in the day.


Oh shit. But you know, it's been, it's been a lot. Yeah. Dave will be happy to hear that. He'll be happy to Hear that you hey, with soldiers. Shout out to Dave. I think, I think for, for me it's more about, you know, it's about the, the idea of building the project. So, so, you know, I'm more of the creative behind the scene now. So to have the idea and the idea come into like, real life and you're like, oh shit, we're doing this and it's happening and then the number one on the call sheet and you're like, follow it down, that's great. But now honestly, I don't really, I don't really give a fuck. Like, I'm joking about the number one, but I'm more about putting other people in place to do shit. And the producing or the, the development of projects is what thrives.


Like, that's what drives me now. You never left the road. Why Is the road so important to you? Because you control it. You own it. There's nothing. And you do small venues, you do Big venues like you do. There's nothing better than standup comedy. Yeah. There's no job better than the job of live entertainment, live audience, your fans, your connection, your relationship. It doesn't die. Right? Like, you can, you literally, if you, if you treat it like a plant and you forever water it, the plant is never gonna die. Right? Like, so if it can grow and you have good seasons, bad seasons, it's always gonna be there. And those fans are just gonna ride with you forever. So I'm very, I'm very adamant on staying true to standup comedy.


Nothing takes the place of standup comedy. I don't give a fuck what I'm doing, the level that I'm doing at. I will go and do comedy clubs. I'll come to New York for months on a time and just do a run of popups. That's my muse. That's my stress relievers. So Do you have a specific process? Like, do you ever still go back and visit family in Philly to like, get some, get some like core material? Nah, Emini here. You know what Jess? I, I think when you are, when you're doing a lot in general, you're, you're always in the space of creative thinking, right? Like, if you're, if you're nonstop, I'm not in the house. Like I'm, I'm traveling, I'm around people. Like you're, if you're constantly around and you're constantly seeing things like that's where your ideas are coming from, that's where the urge to talk about more shit happens.


Whether it's young energy or old energy. That's where my appetite to go, oh fuck, that's funny. Let me, let me go on stage. I'm gonna, I'm gonna see what this is. Or Oh God, this is actually, this is a new fucking, like, this is a new bait or possible like idea to get to the bait so I can fucking get like some dope shit. Once I get excited about it, then I'm, I'm hitting the ground running. But it's not, it's not family generated. It's travel generated. Yeah. Where am I going? What am I experiencing? Who am I around? Did you hear Damon Wayne say that he would never do standup anymore? 'cause he was like, people are too sensitive. No, He said people are stupid. Well, yeah, Stupid dumb. Basically He, you know, he says anything people get offended too fast. And it's like, it's just not worth the, the Stress.


I understand Emini here, I'm not, I don't, I don't see it the same way because I don't, I don't, I don't have that level of give a fuck of, I don't wanna do the thing that I love to do because like, I'm caring so much about what everybody else is thinking about what I'm doing. Like I don't, I Think he meant that on a, you know how d Wayan used to be like, they no limit. Like you talk about anything, but now that since the, the new trend is being offended and a lot of people are just, you know, It, it is, is what it is though. Like, that's not going different communities. Emini here Dame is, Dame Dame is a, a legend. Like, if Dame wanted to go on stage and fuck around, Dame can do what he wants when he wants, you know, the idea of people being upset or, or fucking triggered.


If you're thinking about that, like, then you're, you're going down a crazy spiral. I'm not, I'm not doing comedy and thinking about the thought of what you think about what I'm saying. Like I'm, I have the things I wanna talk about. I know the direction I wanna go in. I'm not here to offend. I'm not here to aggravate or piss people off. I'm here to do my craft. I think you can get away with anything if it's actually funny. If it's, If it's funny. I really believe that if it's funny and it's coming from a genuine Point place to make you Laugh. Yeah. Like, I'm, I'm, I'm not being malicious. Yeah. Like if I, now if you, if your intent is to be malicious behind said thing and there's no real humor attached to it, it's just a, an angry fucking suggestion. And that's different. But I'm not in that space. I'm not, I'm not doing shit to piss people off.


When the last time you been angry, Kev? Last time I've been angry. It's been a minute, man. It's been a minute, man. I don't get What, what do you getting? Like, what are you angry about? Like what, why, why, why are you letting things drive you to the point of a level of anger that prevents you from doing something else? Yeah. Like it takes so much energy to be angry. Or do you have something that when you even get to that point, like, is it the gym? Is it your kids? Is it the stage? Like, I don't, I don I know this is gonna sound crazy. There's nothing that pressing to make me angry. You can have a moment. You can be frustrated for a moment, but then I'm solution oriented. So What's the solution? That's what Emini here. Yeah. Like what's this Okay.


If something happened Yeah. And is upset. All right, well why? Like, why did that happen? Like anything, it's all office or business related. So like what? Well, why, alright, well now that is the case. Like what are we doing to basically get outside this box? Yeah. How can I help get outside the box? Makes, makes sense. Like me being upset at doing your mistake doesn't change the mistake. Now, by the way, if this is a mistake, you always make, all right, well we gotta remove you. I'm sorry. But that's business. I'm not angry about the choice, but it's a, it's a professional solve. Have you apologized yet to Delaware State University? For what? Why would I Deshaun Jackson said you was sorry. Huh? Deshaun Jackson said, oh, sorry. Oh, he talking about when I said, I forgot what he said. What Did he say was jokes said, That's not a college.


It's, that's not, not a, that's not a real college. A bunch of niggas. It's a park or so Oh, a yeah. Yeah. That's a bunch of niggas on campus. Emini here. First of all, it is All right. But it's like smart people there too. Like Me. Whatcha talking about? I fucking used to go to Delaware State all the time. I performed there several times from Philadelphia. It's right up the street. Yeah. Delaware State knows I have no ill will towards them. I love you guys, but it was a funny bit. There's a lot of, there's a lot of niggas out there. You got your animated show out. Little Kev Yes. Talks about your life growing up. Yes. What made you wanna do that animation style? You know, crazy. This has been a, this is like, this is a crazy development man.


This is, I wanna say like seven or eight years in the making. Mm. Before we could actually like, do it properly shots out to, to Scott Mills over there at BET Man for understanding like my world of want and allowing me to do it the way I wanted to do it, you know, as an adult animation. And I wanted to like, flip the story of, of the conversation attached to the hood, right? Like, everybody talks about the hood with one point of view, you know, the hood is the hood and people are like, the hood is fucked up. It's so bad. But there's A bunch of niggas in the neighborhood. Yeah. Like, And I think that there's a, there's a positive side to it. You know, there's a, there's a role that everybody plays in the hood, especially when it comes to kids, families.


Like, everybody's a part of the village. Everybody's raising everybody's child. Everybody is aware. Everybody's in the know. Everybody's trying their best to service and eat a good and even bad shit is happening. You know, when people find out there is an energy attached to trying to solve it and make it better. And this is a way of just flipping the conversation on the hood upside down. So it's about me, my upbringing, being in the hood, but having such a high level of love for the hood, for my family and for all the people around it. And Jess Hilarious is in it. Keeping her away from Breakfast Club. Oh, come on. Just, just don't listen to that. I don't, yeah. That's ridiculous. I don listen. First of all, I don thank you. And when people say like, I wanna make something very clear. When people say like, Kev, thank you for giving people a job. People earn 'em jobs.


Like, I'm not giving just thank you anything. I'm not out. Hey here, just here's a fucking gift. Like, that's just, that's her team. That's people working and saying, Hey, this is a good thing to possibly put Jess up for. And, but can say no, no process Emini here. You could say no. But when people are talented and earning things on their own, it's happening the way it's supposed to be. Appreciate it. I'm not, I'm not in the space of know of everything and I'm handpicking people and doing like that's, that will mean that I'm fucking Emini here. The time and the day to do that and do it, and do it and do it, then that means that the people around me aren't doing what the fuck they're supposed to do. So it's your job to like properly package and, you know, put people in places to make these projects good.


And it's my job to see it at the end stage of going, wow, this is a great cast. These are great personnel, great roles. I like this. I like this configuration. But justice earning it. Definitely. That's not giving anything. Thank you. And you, you do take the time to pour into the next generation. You know, Druke was up here and Druke said that you gave him and Kai Cenat a bunch of movies to watch Yeah. And told them, get you stupid. Whatever your stupid asses is doing right now. Watch these movies Yeah. And prepare for the next level. That's right. You know, I like, I like, I like what the younger generation is doing. It's crazy. I'm saying that like, I'm, I'm really am a part of, like a time of old, How old are you now? 45. Damn. Well it doesn't look good.


I did that for non cheating. You know, that, that that older generation of like how we approach the business, how we approach the craft, right? Like, And I think it's dope as fuck to see this new generation navigate differently. Like, like the comedians of today did not go and, you know, work at it the same way that we did. Like they're, they're breaking new ground, finding ways to be the personalities first and then get to the stage after. And the way that they're engaging with their audience and the way that the audience is responding to them. I think it's dope as fuck. So, you know, and being a fan of it, I, I feel like it's my job now to figure out ways to like grab this personnel when, where I can and, you know, try to push 'em forward with Kai and Druke.


Kai is such a monster, man. I don't think people realize how big Kai's audience is. Yes, We do. Kai's fan base is insane. Like you're talking about somebody that's talking in front of a computer for hours on end and you know, he holds anywhere between 300,000, 400,000 people for eight to 12 hour periods. Wow. That don't move. Like when we did those streams, you know, you're putting up Super Bowl like numbers. You, we had at one point, like 900,000 people in that fucking stream watching for hours on end. So I told 'em, I said, look man, I wanna show you guys ways to like, give your audience more and ways to do more.


So I came up with like, with some dope ass ideas, concepts for us to rock in together, but stay true to the space of what they're doing. So Drusky, I know he came and he was like telling you guys about the movie. I don't wanna tell y'all what it is, but it's a big, it's a big idea that we're working now. But I was like, to do it, you guys gotta educate yourself on things in this space. So it wasn't homework. I was like, understand production, understand how movies are made, understand the look and feel so that when we're talking and ideating, you know what I'm talking about. Like, I don't wanna talk to you and then you gotta go backwards and track what we're talking about. So the, the homework quote unquote, the homework was more about get this concept and then like, let's get to the table and let's make the shit funny.


But I got them really like creating the shit and developing it and not, because, you know, it's a chore, a task. It's like I'm, I want you to be a part of the process so you can understand the process. And after you do this with me, go do it yourself. Go do it and figure out ways to, you know, do it with the other people, people that you're around. But I think they're fucking talented. I think Juki iss a star. Absolute. Absolutely. I think Juki is a funny fucking guy, man. Naturally and Kai, both of 'em. I think they're fucking like natural talents. And, and in this, it's like putting them in a position to be what they are and be the first to come over the bridge from that space of streaming whatever. Like what Mr. Beast is doing is dope, is game show, big game show.


He's taking everything in. The idea of game prize. He's, he redefined it, right? Like if you really watch it, what he's done, he redefined the concept of game game show. We've seen it for years on who wants to be a Millionaire and all these other shows. Crazy, right? But it was a traditional, there was a traditional win. And here's your gift. He broke that model. I'm gonna give some cash to some regular people, man. And he did it time after time at time again. And then he built a big ass series and hey man fucking streaming platforms was like, Hey, we gotta fuck with this guy. We're gonna give him X, y, and Z to do it. We want you to do it with us. But he controls it. He owns it. So I'm showing them how to control how to own and do bigger things so it doesn't cap out at the stream.


Juicy said you actually set him up in that, in that stream with that, with that, with that little kid. He said Little fat boy. He said it, it was you that actually set him up. Emini here. This is ridiculous that that's that's what he said. Emini Here. You did though. You did start it off. You started after they followed because You're the og, they follow your lead. Right? That's first of all what, what you need to understand is where the cameras are at all times. What I said the Druke was in his ear. I said something in his ear, okay. Nobody really knows what I said. He knows what I said. And then he took the liberty of going and, you know, saying very harsh things. By the way, Emini here, you know, things that shouldn't be said. We've seen you more walk right out. Like you've seen Emini here. I don't wanna be around that. Okay. I've seen a lot of people get in fights. I've seen when it's about to happen, I go, I shouldn't be here.


Right. I shouldn't be here. They about to start shooting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. By the way, he's got the gun. I see it. I'm gonna leave right now. Yeah. So I just exited the room, right. Because I think, I think at the time I had to go to the bathroom actually. And then a lot of stuff from what I was told, a lot of shit happened from what I was told. The kids started crying and stuff like that. And I came back And I, he wasn't even around so he didn't even, I came back And I was like, what's going on right At that time I'm the adult in the room trying to calm shit down. Right? Yeah. Like, Hey man, what's happening? And I think all the cameras caught me saying that, which is good for me legally. So I was never attached. Juki said he felt like he could make those jokes because he's fat and y'all were teasing him all day about being fat. Oh, Juy, first of all, calling people fat as that's aggressive.


Oh, you saw the big dinking of you, huh? Yeah. I Just want to, I don know where the cameras are. I just wanna, what I saying that's saying that's, that's The f word F nah. Is drusky big? Yes. He a little bigger. Yeah, right. Does he have problems breathing when he walks up the steps? Yeah, of course. Of course. But, but you know, that little kid I think was on his way to a healthy lifestyle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta support that, right? The little kid. 'cause he was talking, I think the little kid was talking about exercising and stuff. Yeah. Which is good. And I'm, I'm always glad to just be on the positive side of conversation. That's what I'm about. That's right. You know, I'm a beacon of light joy, Kevin at Sure. At, at the level of success that you are being an actor, do you still have to audition for roles or Absolutely not.


Okay. So what are you talking about? Damn, I, Because Martin Lawrence said he had said that he does, Martin did. Well, no, I think Martin said he had the, he pitches, he still gotta pitch projects. Oh, pitch them. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. If he's pitching things Emini here. Am I, am I really pitching things? I think I'm pitching ideas to my team. I'm more in the business of creating the things that I think best service my want and my, my direction in the business. Like when you think about the dramas, you think about all the things that I've done in serious, like, that's been me. So true story. I was like, ah, I want to, I wanna fucking kill somebody on camera. I think it'd be dope. And I went and found a guy that created Narcos And I was like, yo, it'd be dope as fuck if we can collab and talk.


But we developed it and then I was like, okay, this is great. Let's go and take this out. Like that's developing it and then going to sell it. Fight night. You know, that was me Will Packer and Will telling me he had the rights And I saying, Hey, to do it, this can be dope as fuck, but let's do it this way and put the right people in it. So like the, the creative side of from start to finish is where I'm playing at now. But like auditioning, I, I'm, I'm not really auditioning. I think people, if they have a project, they're like, oh, Kevin would be good for this. And I'm getting those calls, Hey, we want you to do, and then I got a decision of if I wanna do it or not. Like for instance, the Upside, that's still one of my favorite movies. You and Brian Cranston, they, they already saw you for that role and just called you.


They, they said, we wanna do the remake and we see you and Brian Cranston doing this. Are you interested? And that was genius. Absolutely. And Nicole Kidman, I was like, absolutely hands down. But it's, it's, it's coming out and having a ask not to say that I wouldn't audition. You would. Nah. No he wouldn't. I Was about to say, I'm trying, I'm trying to clean it up. I was trying to clean it up. We didn't believe you. I was trying to, I know y'all got cameras there. I just wanted to look in and make it just look like I'm willing to do. No, we didn't. I'm not, I just want guys to make you understand, when's, When's the last time you got booed? And the reason I ask, 'cause you said you do small shows. Last time I got booed, I'm not getting booed.


Like nobody's, I'm not getting booed at this point. Like, if, if, even if jokes aren't funny, you know, you're, you're getting the, you're getting the credibility laughs at at least, right? You try, you're laughing just because it's you, You trying things out at minimum. Yeah. Good Laugh though. You don't want those, when You trying things out, you don't care. You don't want a damn boo either. You don't care. Like honestly, I have no, there is no care for like, the level of laughter when I'm trying to figure shit out. Now when I think I've got it all done And I'm like, oh, this set is complete and I'm going out and I'm struggling. Okay, then that's, that's a little self-esteem, bruising if that's the case. But that's not, that hasn't been the case ever.


Like when you, when you worked the shit and you done worked on the craft and I'm like, okay, I got it. I got it down, this is my set. No, you're not, you're not running into them problems. Now do you get an occasional person that you gotta deal with in a crowd? Yeah, but that stuff isn't booing. That's like, you know, atmosphere that's heckling or somebody yelling out and looking for a moment. Every once in a while you gotta show that you still got that. And you know, you put people in a place comedically and then you move on with the set. But booing, no. What about like social media backlash? Because everybody, for whatever reason was highly upset when you hosted NBA All Star weekend or there was a, a sector, a section of the internet that was acting like They were, you know, you know what, what do, what do you, what do you, what energy do you give that?


Right. I'm a partner to the NBA. Like I understand what that means. I'm not, I'm not coming on to be Kevin Hart and have funny moments to the NBA. The NBA has been a servicing aid to my career for over 15 years. Like, you go back and you'll look at how much I've been on N-B-A-T-N-T and All Star Weekend Celebrity weekends, all these events like this. You're not looking, it's, it's almost host adjacent. Right? Like the personalities that we lean on because we're familiar with family and we know how they work. That's what that is. So the Allstar, I'm not going to the Allstar game to try to create a big moment for me.


I'm there because the energy of the Allstar game comes with Chuck, Ernie, Kenny, myself, Shaq, like, we've been doing this for years. Like just talking and playing with each one another bantering on camera. That's not an easy thing to do. They make it look fucking easy. They make it look great. That's not an easy thing to, especially, especially between you and Shaq, that's seems very easy. That's not fucking an easy thing to do. Like that chemistry, that rapport, it comes from like having a real understanding for how TV works. So you can't just throw new things in there because it gets weird. People don't understand the times. People don't understand the cuts. How much time you gotta go cut back to the game. They're trying to do so much new shit. They're trying to discover it. So why they're trying to figure it out. Here's personalities that we can lean on so at least we don't have dead space or dull moments on camera's.


That's what that is. So when you understand the technicality behind it, then you, you understand my involvement. I don't, I don't feed into the other shit. Like I know why I'm there. Partnership. Do you ever tell Shaq to like really back up off you because he'd be kind of sexually assaulting you in a little bit. What? Shaq? Shaq? Yeah. Well come on Emini here just a little. What there, there's, there's only one time where Shaq has done some crazy shit now. Okay. Where I was uncomfortable And what was it Was real husbands when he, that whole thing that's on the internet that they Oh yeah. Yeah. But that wasn't scripted, right? No, It wasn't scripted. I bet it was a moment when, honestly, I'm be real with you. I couldn't do nothing about it. Like I Yeah. They got a cut, right? This is, you know, this is before, this is before I put a little size on not to say I could do something to Shaq, but I didn't.


You know, it was a very frail version to me. And you know, it was, this is when Shaq was like, when they were like, just talking about Shaq being a cop and he really was a cop. We think it would be funny as fuck. Shaq pulled me over on real Hudsons of Hollywood. And you know, like Shaq is like, basically


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez. She was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls. Join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst. As he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew, obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption in place of a gag reflex. And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad hookup. Now take a big whiff, my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I started to live a double life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding. I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 point at my head. But one night a new door opened And I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses. But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community. And I made my way back this season, join me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 steps. Listen to Krems as part of the Michael Luda podcast Network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave the Gun. Take the cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli is based on my cohost Mark's bestselling book of the same title. And on this show we call upon his years of research to help unpack the story behind the godfather's birth from start to finish. This Is really the first interview I've done in bed. We sift through innumerable accounts. I said three, five pages isn't Very much. Many of them conflicting. That's Nonsense. There were 60 pages And try to get to the truth of what really happened. And they Said, we're finished. This is over. Literally is not gonna work. You gotta get rid of those guys. This Is that. Leave the Gun, take the cannoli features. New and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes. That was a real horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


They about to arrest me and, and he fucking, you know, everybody can't improv. Say what he Did to You, Ken. I'm not going, I don't even That's crazy. They kept rolling, knew, kept rolling. I just, you don't even have to say this. We're not even gonna discuss it. For people who haven't seen it Real realize is a great show. You should watch it. Boy, it's a great show, but it's not online. Yeah. But what we're not gonna do is make it seem like something that it wasn show. So, so what he, what he did was he grabbed me when I got out the car and he just tried to get a little physical. Right. He was like, pat you down. Yeah. But just like, like everybody doesn't improv the same comedy. Yeah. It was crazy. Comedy is a art. Like you ever see comedians when they try to like improv, some of 'em go too far or they don't know when to stop. Right. You like, Hey man, we gotta end the scene.


Like, you, you can't go over there like, oh yeah, well your mama. And you're like, well my mom, you can't bring up moms. 'cause we don't know who our moms are in this scene. It's like, I just Googled it. Yeah. And It says hashtag pause of the week. Hey, yo. Nah, Shaq, you straight by lady. Kevin Hart. You literally took that man to Pound Town. Did he? Well, this is, this is what you're doing is ridiculous. That's actually, that's actually nuts. Nuts. Nah, that's nuts. That's nuts. He, he grabbed me, he grabbed me, throws me over the, over the car. The car. And he, and he like, turned you around. He starts humping me. Hump humping you. So I'm like, I remember Like, turn you around, bent you over. Well That's did. But you have To look at Kevin's face and Just say, you can tell, lemme tell you what I can tell Charlemagne is, Charlemagne is perfect.


Like he, he's a nasty man. He, and like, in this brief time, I just found out a lot about him, by the way. He starts describing stuff. You a very graphic nasty man. Yes. I just told you. I'm just describing what Shaq did to you. No, he grabbed me and he fucking like, throws me over the car. He's like, you don't know what I can do. He's, he starts humping me. I remember Ralph was directed the episode. Right. I remember Ralph was director the episode. And I remember I looked at Ralph and I'm like, Hey, did y'all, did y'all, oh man, is it Pink Pages? Did something happen? Right. And they was like, they were like, all right. Nobody wanted to say shit to Shaq. They was like, all, we got it. So let's, let's just move on. We just, we just fucking moved on.


Y'all talk about it after. No, we didn't even address it. We, I was like, like, everybody just shut up. He tried to Get you again. All Star weekend. Everybody just shut up. No. Did you get triggered a little bit? I saw you. He was creeping up behind you. I, That's a very young, I'm, I'm older and I'm, I'm in a much more controlling state in my, in my life where I, you know, I would say something to Shaq, you know, don't do that. Stop. Don't fuck him. No. Hey, you gotta stop it. Right? Like, affirm, stop that. Right. But in that moment, that was Shaq trying to be funny. That's my, that's my nigga. I, I Shaq I have so much love. Do people know the role or this generation, do they know the Pivotal role Shaq played in your career? The Pivotal role? No, I don't think people do know the Pivotal role.


What is the pivotal role say? That sounds crazy. I No, I'm being serious. We don't know when he, when he had the Shaq Comedy Allstar weekend. Yes. Yes. Yes. And he, he's referring to like the, the special that actually launched, I would say like the, the bigger side of success to my comedy career. No bullshit. It is Shaq's all Star Comedy Jam. That was in Phoenix. You know, the crazy thing. I did it as a favor. Mm. It was a favor. Like, I was like, oh man, I can't really, I do shit. I'm about to drop my special, so I don't really wanna like go and do this. They was like, no, Kev, come on. Like, we need a headline or we want you to come. It'll be quick. And it was like, just a gig during Allstar weekend. And they like, we gonna tape it. And I was like, all right, well I'm gonna put like a different 15 minutes on this man.


And I don't really, you know, I'm not really pressed to, I'm not really pressed about it like that. So I'll give you all this 15 and I'll save the other shit for my special. So it was like a toss away set. Wow. Was hilarious. It was, was a toss away, 15 minute set, like a backlog set where I was like, I'll get all this. And the set ended up being the biggest shout out to the big dummy himself. I wanna go back to number one on the call sheet. 'cause Sterling K Brown did an interview where he said that people wanted to put him number one in the call sheets, but he was superstitious about it because he'd been successful enough not being number one. So he was okay with being number two. What, what do you think of that? I don't, I don't mind that, you know, Emini here as somebody that's been there, when, when, when you're there and you've, you've experienced whatever the conversation attached to it is, is not the same level of important.


Right? Like, it's, it's not important. Like I was joking around earlier about the idea of number one on the call sheet, but it's not that important to me. I don't, I don't give a fuck. I don't, I don't care about top billing. I don't need my name to be first. I don't need my name to be the biggest when they first put the movie or the TV show out. Like, if that's more important to you, then I'm like, all right, let him get it. I don't, I don't really, I don't really give a fuck. And not in a dismissive way, but if that's what you need to make you feel better and to make you feel, feel like a valuable piece to the puzzle of this projects, absolutely. Give it to 'em. Like, I can, I can take those back steps because you've been there. Like, it's like the idea of stardom. It's not, it doesn't thrive or I'm not thriving in the space of being a star.


Like you've, you've been there. I could give a fuck. Like, you condemn the light as much as you want. I don't, it doesn't matter. So that novelty has been worn. It's like, you don't, it it doesn't, it's not driving my reason to get up and do. So I think what Sterling is referring to is saying like, look man, I don't really like that. I've done it. It's better for me to do this. Let somebody else deal with all the headache of that. That's what he's doing. And shout out to him too, man. His show is incredible right Now. So when you and the Rock do a movie, who's the number one on the Call? Shoot. I let, I let him get it. But he's DJ's an asshole. Damn. Yeah, he's an asshole. You let him get it. No, I'm joking. Yeah, no DJ by the way. He trumps me every time. What do you mean? It's not even conversation.


I don't even, I don't even bring it up. No, you're number one on this, right? What is it? Because the box office numbers, like how do they, I think he deserves to be number one when we do the project. He's a international superstar. Gotcha. Not to say that I don't have international success, but I don't think that we're equal in that regard. I think that his movies have performed and done crazy business internationally. And when we do projects that we want to appeal to The World, you should be first. I'm coming in and I'm, I'm on that train with you. I'm adding value to it, but I'm not bumped by you being first. We put an amazing cast together to help us get those audiences when we do.


But I, I don't, I don't feel any type way about that. I think he deserves it and he should have it. Congratulations too, man. You got, it was announced at your work with the Indiana Pacers. Now I'm not working with the Pacers. Heartbeat. Heartbeat Entertainment. Yeah. Heartbeat. Is it working with the pace? Yes. Heartbeat Is to be the official cultural curator to provide entertainment and live experiences for fans in the Indianapolis Community. Yes. Yes. What is 76 that look like? Say about that. What is it? What does the 76 say about that? We're speeding with the question. First of all, what does that look like? It's a opportunity for our company, right? Like you're, our company is a creative engine for any resource that allows us to be right? Like we are a business.


So our business thrives when we can implement ourselves in places to create or elevate a brand, a company, an entity and activation. Whether it be live entertainment, storytelling, et cetera. Indiana with the Pacers and the Fever have an attraction coming. I think they have an all star coming up, but it's more about, they're like, look, we're looking for ways to expand and elevate what we've done. They spent a lot of money on a new facility. Hmm. They have a team that's thriving, A younger team, the fever or thriving with Star Power, Kailin Clark, et cetera. Like, so they're like, how do we elevate, how can we better tell our story?


And I'm like, that's what we do. You know? And me having relationships with, you know, the owner of the team and presidents of the teams or CMOs that are a part of those entities. It's like, look, that's what we do. We tell stories very well. So to market promote and better define that for you. That's our business. Let us show you how we can make that business a service to you. And it gave an opportunity And I was like, dope. Let our company do it. So it's not a Kevin Hart thing. Like everybody assumes that Kevin Hart is the driving factor or the source. It's the entity. The entity has to do things outside of me for our entity to fucking thrive. Like that's a fact.


So whether it's the fucking Pacers, I got business with the Falcons, I got business with the Eagles. Would you do the Giants? Well that's one that I don't know if I would touch. 'cause they, they don't know good stuff. They may let me go. I don Dunno. But it's, it's, it's, how many of those can I do step and repeat? So the Pacers we'll use as an example. Once we do it well, and from that example, I'll go to other fucking NBA teams or the NBA in general. Like I'm looking to be a better partner for the NBA. How do we better tell stories for your brand? How do we better promote and market you? How can we amplify or activate differently? Like these are words in the business that companies desperately want to hear from potential partners.


That's an interesting question. 'cause interview, what you about to say about the Sixers? You about, I was, And I was just saying, well how did the 76ers feel like that? 'cause you are such a 76ers fan. I feel like they might look at it like, why you over there messing with them? You here, This is home team because it's heartbeat. The company and Kevin Hart, the individual. That's right. I promise you that they wouldn't even blink an eye because they understand business. Kevin Hart is still a 76 ERs fan. His company Heartbeat is doing a service for another company. Hey Kev, you think you could do this for us too? Would your company be interested in doing this? Absolutely. Guys, this is not anything Kevin specific. I'm still going to Sixers games. I still sit courtside good trash right now, by the way. Emini here. They're horrible right now. Just say we're not, we're not in the best position, but I'm still a fan.


I'm, I'm an Eagles fan. But if there's business that can be done for another NFL entity that wants to tell stories, well we're gonna tell those stories for the entity. That doesn't mean that our brand can't do that. It's a company. You know, I know that you guys were talking to Mike about it. He was like, yo, is that crazy? Like, this isn't Kevin Hart. I'm not, I'm not going to the, to the Pacers and, and man, it's time for me to change the narrative. No, this is what my company does. It is that simple. Will Heartbeat call Mike Epps To do? Absolutely. Yeah. Like we, by the way, if you, here's, here's an example, right? If All Star Weekend is coming up there and we're like, okay, hey, we have ideas to service a bigger, like a bigger process that people can probably gravitate towards a little different from what they've done in the past.


Here's how we're gonna make the Allstar weekend in Indiana when the women are playing. Here's how we can make it different. Here's what we can bring to the table. Women round tables or women cold as balls, et cetera. Is there a comedy activation women forwarded? Does Mike wanna bring and be responsible for comedy from Indian? Absolutely. Like that's when you tap in, all you are is the, the servicing hub. We're the hub. Now it's our job to go and grab everybody to make this thing underneath our hub better. It's not you, you're, you desperately need that. So in this case, hell yeah, Mike, come on Mike, by the way, this is your city. What's dope about the city that we can do what you, what do you wanna do?


How do we help you? Like that's, that's partnership. But if the thought triggers you at first, what, this is my city, how Well then you don't even, you don't even get to the next stage of opportunity. That opportunity comes from understanding the idea. Oh, oh dope. I can't, I can do something. Oh bet And I wanna do this too. Absolutely. Here, here's how we're gonna do it. Like that's, that's business. That's how business is done. That's how you get to the place of success. So there Just hasn't been an opportunity for Heartbeat to call Mike Yet? No. We just, the deal, anything with it, we just, we literally just, it just happened. We just did the deal. Gotcha. And now that we are doing the deal, well now you gotta tap into the culture of the city.


You gotta tap into popular names and faces from the city. You gotta tap into the athletes that are the stars in the city. Now you go and you say, guys, here's what we're thinking of. Here's how we make this special, but here's how we do it with you. Is this a collaborative thing that makes sense for you? Dope. Okay. If so, great. If not, well what does, cool. Okay, we like that. Alright, let's build, let's expand. I Told him, Mike, that when he was there, I said, knowing Kev, he's gonna call you to do something Absolutely Emini here. Me and Mike's relationship now is, he said, y'all good. We we're 10 times, but it took a long time to get to where we are now. Mm. But I'm, I'm happy at the, the road of like dumb shit because it got us to a place of real grown man shit.


And you know, it's, it's not, we not, we are not doing the the dumb like tweets and shit. No more like, Mike call me or I'm calling you. And we, we talk. So, you know, when I did, Mike was the first one we got on the phone. We had a conversation and me and Mike are, are very much on the same page. And I think, you know, a lot of the disconnect was from Assumption. And, and that's what, that's the realization that came about. But I have no ill will no beef towards anybody. Damn sure. Not Mike. And you know, right now the priority between me and Mike are figuring out the thing that we're gonna do together. And you know, I told Mike like, it's a, it's a real thing. Like we've haven't done it because of this disconnect in our relationship.


We've never been on screen together. We did real husbands together in the beginning. Mike did an episode and that's the only time where we've ever jousted on camera. And I was like, at this point in our career, like we're, we're not fucking nobody but ourselves. So, you know, how do we make it work? And he's like, yeah, Kev. Like how do we make it work? And it's a, it's a mutual understanding. And I think now having that as a priority, his fans will be happy. My fans, I think it'll be happy. And I think it'd be dope for the culture when we do it. Yeah. Where is that version of Harlem Knights for this Era? It's all the comedians come together hard. It's hard to happen because the idea of it being just one is what people can't let go of what you mean?


Like there doesn't have to be just one star. But Harlem Knights wasn't just one star, but that's why I worked. Right. That's why I worked. Richard didn't give a fuck about Eddie. Eddie didn't give a fuck about Richard. Right. Like the two biggest fucking comedians, you know, minus the bullshit. The only person that was missing that should have been in that, you know, Cosby in some degree, right? A showing of him. But they have Red Fox, Robin fucking Harris. Like if you go on, you look at the names, you know fucking Ella Reese. Like you, you look at the names and the people in Harlem Nights, you looked at a fucking conglomerate cast of hard hitting comics of color.


We don't have that date. The attempts to do it shouts out to Chris Rock top five. Yeah. Putting, putting comics in. Whether you are a fan of the movie or not, the attempt was, I wanna see, I wanna see comics of color share the screen together And I wanna get down Tracy, Leslie, Chris, like, I wanna get down. Let's, let's go back and forth. Let's do some shit. Death at a funeral. Chris attempted to put comics together. There's not a lot of examples there. Not a lot. I would say life to a Certain extent. Life is dope. But you don't, you had Eddie and you had Martin. Martin Bernie. Mad guy Tori Guy Tori.


Yeah, yeah. You know, we didn't, we didn't have like a a a woman. A woman figure. Yeah, that's true in life. But I think like you've seen the attempt, but there is no, like, there is no initiative where it's like, okay look, we're all gonna fucking share the same level of pay and we're all gonna play on the backend. This is how I would approach it. Everybody's gonna win on the backend. Okay, let's remove money from the idea. This isn't about who's getting the money or who's doing what It's about the project. So we're gonna do our best in this project to put people in position to win. Winning, mean, memorable moments, laughs, funny, et cetera.


But to do it right, everybody's not gonna be on the same page. Like you kinda, you gotta have an understanding of who has to carry the weight here for the people here to fucking get in and get down. When you can have that conversation and people are okay with it, all right, it's great. But that conversation can never be had because people are bumped out the gate. I ain't working with him. I ain't working with her. I ain't doing, oh fuck that. It got me. Like, I ain't the, like, I ain't the funniest nigga. I'm a like you, you can't even get to the fucking second page. And even when it comes to like the younger comics, man, I I, it is been a, a few of like, like DC Young Fly has countless scripts that he has and he's trying to get all of us like in this generation, the but egos and, and nah.


What she gonna be getting and who gonna be the main character. Ah, I ain't working with her. Or how he, you know what, Emini here. So it's The problem with the, with the younger generation of comics, man I made money so fast. Good money. Yeah. Like, not, like, not little money. They made money so fast. Yeah. So there's definitely idea of doing that for that. Fuck that. I ain't doing it. I'm over here getting it is like the idea just Bailey, come here now. Emini here. Absolutely. Listen. Just, just, she said, yeah, just made money. Still making money. Right? Like, just understands that road money. That road money is a different type of money. These comics or new comics, influencers turn com are making real money.


So until you get to a point where you understand the money isn't going to drive your next stage of success. If your next stage of success or want for success is attached to IP projects, whatever, you cannot do it by yourself. You need the helping aid of other talent. I don't give a fuck who you are. I'm saying this as a pound for pound conglomerate in the business, respectfully and humbly a conglomerate. I stack the deck. I'm not looking to fucking be on screen and be the only person I stack the fucking deck winning where I can, by the way.


And I'm very, I'm very thankful to the other names that are willing to come and work with me and do things with me. I was excited. Samuel L. Jackson is doing for thank you God, Sam Don Cheadle. Oh, thank you Taraji. Oh, thank you Terrence. That's real. Thank you. Like I'm, I'm thankful you cannot be the only one into that younger generation. My message to so many funny, like I can go down the list. DC Young Fly, who you just mentioned, country, Wayne, Desi, banks, fucking Drusky, KA, not Jess. You got pretty V you got B, you got all of these fucking Carlos, Chico, Carlos Ryan Davis, right?


85 South, all those got you got all these fucking great new emerging pieces of talent. I'm gonna tell you right now, talent caps out where it is when what you do is all you think you should do. In other words, like if, if I'm just doing standup comedy and in doing standup comedy, I do the theaters and the arenas. Okay, I can't do that every year. And that's it. It will flatline, it will die down at some point. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but at some point it will digress. So if you don't offload and you don't figure out I'm tapping into this and I'm tapping into this, or I'm tapping into that this thing, that's one source of energy that you have, it'll get a little dim.


That light ain't gonna fucking flicker the same. So if they don't tap into each other and figure out the way to make each other a valuable resource and asset, it will tap out. We're assets to one another. Like say what you want. Me and the rock are assets to one another. Man, DJ And I will get on the phone. We talk now. Hey man, it's time for us to do something. We gotta figure out the next thing. What you thinking? I don't know. Is it Jumanji three? Is it another problem? What you thinking? I don't know what you thinking. Let's talk. Let's figure it out. Hey man, you know who I wanna work with, who I haven't worked with, man, man, Idris, I gotta get down with Idris. I've yet to do something. I'm tapping into other energy. I don't wanna be the only source of energy, right?


That's the only way that you continue to move forward. Writers, producers, I wanna work with you, man. You're doing amazing things. You're an amazing writer. How do I work with you, Kai? You're doing amazing shit in this streaming space. Man, I got some shit to show you. I'm gonna work with you. Like you, you gotta tap in. That's what people are afraid to do and they're afraid to do it. Especially in our culture because we feel like there can only be one. That's right. That's some good ass advice too though, because you know, that is the toughest thing, trying to convince this, this generation that there is another level and what you're doing does have an expiration date. If you don't diversify your portfolio One 1000%, it's, it's building correctly.


And by the way, don't have to do it all in one day, man. You know, I'm, I'm almost 30 years strong in this fucking business. You don't, you don't have to do it all in one day. The discovery is exciting when you start to figure it out and you start to see the things that you're changing or things that you're driving towards work. That's right. That's the exciting part. And the exciting part is when you're like, oh shit, I actually can do the shit that I'm thinking about. Like, oh fuck, damn, I, I started off doing these videos and now the videos have turned into a business, but now the business has turned into a touring job. Now my radio job fucking offsets promotes the fucking touring. By the way my businesses are connecting. The dots are connecting. Say what you want. You can hate me or you can love me.


I connect dots. I connect dots very well. Every piece of this machine somehow connects in some way, in some shape, in some form. So at the end of the day, if this piece dies, well you can't kill this one. If this one dies and this one dies, well I got this one. If these three die, well they don't know. I got these. The dots are important man. And that younger mindset in this business today is a cash driven mind. The money will come. I'm telling you, the money will come. The ideas don't. The relationships and the partnerships don't. There you go. That's the difference. Kevin.


Gotta go too guys. Emini here. I don't Kevin Motherfucking heart man. What I'm saying, appreciate Kev. I do. Got one last question. Kev, do you have a sign? Like, you know, 'cause people interview you all the time, right? And it gotta get to a point where you be like, I'm tired, I gotta go. Do you have like a job? I would Just say he gotta fucking go. Well, no, no, no, no. But You like, you scratch your head twice or you picking nose and like, Nah. I just be like all guys. That's it. It's time to wrap it up. We've been here. I think we did it right. We got everything. We touched on everything Lil Kev dropping. I'm excited about it. Adult animation. BET plus. Once again, shout out to BET, shout out to my amazing team and heartbeat, man. Shout out to Mike Stein, Tiffany Brown, who've worked so hard. Shout out to Malcolm.


Oh God, I just dropped the name of my other right? I'm so sorry. On our development side, who helped get this shout out to Wanda. Dion. Cole. So many other names. Yeah, pat, so, so many of names. Summer Smith Johnson cre, summer Jamal Neighbors. Yes. There's so many people that are part of this project that have made it what it is today. And once again, this is a passion project, man. This is, this is a piece of IP that I worked on for a long time. And to have it finally come to light as dope as fuck, it's funny as fuck. It's raw, it's edgy, you know, and it's a, it's a, it's a true testament to my mom and dad who aren't here. So RIP to the hearts upstairs and maybe down.


You know, my dad, they say he could be, man, Cut it out. I don dunno, they say I Don Dunno. So, you know, just in the middle. My dad in the middle. That's Right. Shout out to Pops wherever you are. Wherever you are. Yeah, I know. I don't know what side, but you, this is a you don't wanna assume. Yeah, I don't wanna assume. No, I don't wanna assume. I don wanna say if, if God ever closed the door, my dad might have been on the outside. Alright. But it's a testament to them. So I can't wait for you guys to enjoy it. Bt Plus watch it, lock it in. Number one of the call. Sheep, shout out to Fox. Lock it in. And you're At Radio City Music. All, all weekend. That's tonight. Friday and Sunday. Sunday. Radio City music. No, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. And last but not least, man, I wanna give a big shout out to my guys before I go.


You know, I've talked about the younger generation, I've talked about, you know, energy and servicing energy. I wanna talk about my energy source for a reason and or just for a quick moment. Plastic Cut boys man. Shout out to Naem. Shout out to Spank Shouts out to Joey Wells. You know, I'm excited about comedy still because my guys still make me work. Naim Pound for pound, NAEM Lynn Na are the funniest motherfuckers on the planet. Constantly creating, constantly developing new materials. Spank one of the funniest people on the planet. What Joey? Joey bill me for years. One of the funniest people on the planet. Shout out to those guys for making me stay as sharp as I am by being as sharp as they are. Nah, he out here, inspiring governors governor, Gretchen Whitmer love Naem wrote about Naem. In her book, man talks about how when she gives speeches, she quotes Nayes Sharp week motherfucking joke.


You know, listen, lemme tell you something about Naim. Naim is the most emotional comic. So we talk about like comics and shit like that. Naem used to go to Ticketmaster and he would read like the comments, like he would read 'em all. So he'd come in like the, the dressing room after the show, he'd be like, did you see what they said about me? No, nah. What they, what They say, this is bullshit. He's like, nah, why you reading that? He's like, I just go on it. But it's like once you in it, you in it. Like he, he would really like, he would go back and forth with people like, what the fuck are you talking about? Obviously you got there late. Like he was like, he would go back and forth with people. Yes, well take ama. He would go to people that had like bad things to say, damn, go back.


And I love him though. Not even. That's it, I'm done. Alright, that's it. The Breakfast Club. It's Kevin, wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower From Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Mark Seal and I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title, leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and Archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, That was a Real Horse's Head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, it's your girl Cheeky and I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys and as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like Love, personal Growth, health, family Ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out my best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky, it's going to be an exciting year And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really, last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.