
There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything That can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each. Well qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply C att.com/iphone.


For details@public.com, You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


This is Dr. Joy Har and Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. Reading books gives you feelings. I mean, that's what they do. And with millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. Like there's an awestruck whoa feeling you get when you read about a dragon flying across the sky. That's different from the surprised woe you get when you read that the best friend did it. And that's totally different than the hubba hubba. Whoa. When the stable boy becomes a stable man and Amazon's got all the woes Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say Yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it, comes in very handy during the summertime. Say Yes to brunch with the girls. Say yes to new dog poop bags that are the kind of the cute ones. You can also send money to friends with PayPal, which means going haves these when your best friend visits this summer. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app and account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


Summer Brings more outdoor time. But when it's hot, you need to protect yourselves and your loved ones. From sunburn, heat, stroke, and dehydration. You also need to know the air quality forecast. High temperatures on clear still days can bake exhaust from vehicles and machinery, making the air dangerous to breed for older adults, young children, and those with lung issues. And for healthy folks who work or exercise outdoors, check the daily forecast. Sign up for alerts and find tips at www.airqualitypartnership.org. A program of the DVR pc,


wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got some special legends in the building today. Yes indeed, Indeed. We Got the brother Common and the brother Pete Rock. Welcome. Yes Sir. Peace, peace, peace. How y'all feeling man? Man, this is this. Y'all got breakfast Here? Nah, nah. I wish some morning. This is a beautiful day, man. For us to like have a New Album and just be together creating music man. I ain't gonna front I was last night I was just like taking things in like man, it's been some years of making music ups and downs and to be here, like just releasing new music and the fact that some, some people, niggas see me on the street like, yo, when that new P Rock joint coming out of that, I ain't had that in a long time.


So I ain't gonna front. I'm feeling like just blessed and on a high man, just a a, a spiritual high. You be on the street and, and this is how hip hop comedy is If, you try to battle common in anything on the street. It don't matter if it's dancing, If It's rapping. Yeah, if it's graffiti, he's to the full and, and he participates. He participates and age don't matter. He'd be spinning on his back. I'd be like, I know his back hurt after that. I know his back gotta Hurt. Hey envy. Yo, my my team be tripping. 'cause we was in a prison, man. We was You know doing some prison work and this girl wanted to battle me and break dancing. And her girl was like, yo, she could break then she gonna get you.


I was like, okay. So she started doing her little pop locking man, I went down and did some windmills. They was like, they was like, you ain't gonna let the girl in prison beat you Man, And I'm a competitive man. I'm gonna win You know The New. Album is the auditorium. VM won produce involved one produced entirely by by Pete Rock. Yeah. Why, why is King's Theater the cover for this project? Well, Man, we wanted to, once I, we got the title of the auditorium. We wanted a dope, a dope theater, a dope auditorium. We had heard about different ones. And I looked at King's Theater. Somebody from my team sent sent it to me. Nicole And I was like, yo, that's it. And I was like, man, they they gonna fit it within the budget.


And for a second I called, I called my, my agent Mary who books my shows And I was like, yo, can you help us to get King's Theater? She was like, I'm going there tomorrow. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get, I talked to them and then I went up there. Yo I went up there on my own, just went and knocked on the door like, Hey, y'all You know we wanna shoot a a cover. Me and Pete Rock and the dude, the security let me in and was like talking to the person like, yo Common is right here asking me, wow, could I get, so it ended up Yo Charla man. It ended up being like, man, this was divine order because You know when we was taking those pictures and it said King's Theater, I was like, this is dope. And this You know they've had like a lot of historic, it's in Brooklyn. They had a lot of historic performances and Diana Ross reopened that spot and, and actually your fell, your wife was lived around that area.


So it was a lot of tie-ins. And even just shooting a cover, Pete And I was like, man, we ain't shot a album cover in a minute. Where you going through that experience of taking shots and just You know? It was, it was dope man. So used to in the nineties. So salute to the King's Theater. Yeah. So how did y'all get back together? Yeah. How did y'all decide to do an album? What was that conversation like? Where did y'all meet your world's meet and say let's do this? We, we been wanting to do it since You know. We did the, the Ice Cube joint and then we did the Soul Survivor album for Lau. When I signed the loud And I, he rapped on a joint with Nory and pun, but I'm skipping a whole bunch. But we, we, we met in 1990, right? Somewhere of around the nine, because I ain't come out till 92. So around in the early nineties was popping And that's when I You know, started traveling, moving around, doing promo tours.


Somehow we linked up, when we met And, I ate his mom's cooking 'cause he brought me to his crib and You know it was, it was history from there, bro. Did Did you ever catch any static for producing, bitching You Not really. You know, not really, but You know Yo But Pete was one of the, at the time he was really one of the only producers that was open to doing it. Even even my great brother. No, ID didn't want to get involved just 'cause You know. It just was a lot of, a lot going on. So, man, Pete was like, I had been saying that rhyme out for a minute, and Pete And I And I reached out to Pete and he was like, he took me out to, to Mount Vernon. And he, he said it was me and Black thought he said, I was heated at the time, but Angry You know.


But then he was angry. He was angry. You answered The question. I was, I'm trying to calm him, him down like You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. I was, I mean, but I was, I was in a state where I just wanted to man, I, I was like, damn man, I got this dislike this much. I was ready to get, get back at it and get back at Cube. But You know it's all love now. So I ain't, I ain't dwelling too deep into it. But I'll say that man. He gave me that beat. And I was like, yo, this beat, this is, this is what I need for this song. And that was the first joint we ever did. He just went and made it in in Rob O's basement. His guy's basement. And I was like, man, this dude p came through for me. We've been brothers ever since. And, and this came about because, man, it was a lot like last year, I really like understood how important hip hop is and how like, valuable people still, like how much people still value it.


Like court. What did you get to that point? I think it was going to like all the hip hop celebrations. Like going like 50th? Yeah, I was the 50th. Yeah. I remember being in the Yankee stadium. And I performed at that show. It was Nas and Laury Hill. EPMD Run. DMC Man Mob D Fat Joe. Yeah, fat Joe. Like it was, I I stood in the crowd for like five hours. I never did that at the show. Stood in the crowd and just watched And. I was like, man, and saw like the Yankee Stadium going crazy over all these songs. Everybody from Ice Cube to Mob Deep to Little Kim. And we all was enjoying it. And it made me, it just, it reaffirmed that man, this, this music is still valuable to people.


And I was like, damn. You know people are paying attention to lyrics even more like, 'cause I've done certain, I've done music and people don't even know I put the music out. But when I get on to do a freestyle or something, or my homies hitting me up about, yo, you heard j Cole on this, or you heard You know, like, or You know, of course the, the battle with Kendrick and Drake, they like, yo, listen to these lyrics. To me it just felt like, it feel like hip hop is alive in a new way right now. So like, I'd always wanted to connect with Pete. I didn't know it would be a whole project. I I said, yo, let's see what's up. I did You know. You knew you knew. How did You know Pete? Because I was, I was like, nah, we we doing an album, bro. Yeah. Straight up Bo Bogart bully.


Like, yo, I was on my bully with you. Yeah, I mean, but he delivered on the, My God Production. Your production is so stellar. Thank you bro. It's still so stellar. And I. I was wondering, did you have these beats in the stash or did you make these purposely for common in this Project? I, I had some in the Stash and maybe made some recently, but they were all done. And then You know I just took a whole bunch and start sending it to him. Well he came to the crib first. Yeah. And then You know he sat down And I started playing Beats. He was like, yep, yep, yep. That one, that one. And yeah, he fast Too, but he also was sending, but he also was sending me records too, like that. Yeah. Yeah. And that's a process that You know I haven't been a part of in a minute where, where like I'm sitting down in the producers like got the record and he finding this what he's about to sample for me.


Pete was sending these, these records. And I was like, yo, yo, that's it right there. You know, like looked at and, and to be a part of that process, it's like a creative thing. I feel like that's how you can come with a sound. And it was even bigger than just us, like just making music. To be honest, as soon as I got to Pete's crib, we started talking about life You know and that and that. And that's something that's like in the, in the process of being artist and creating together, it's like you need to be able to like be, be connected as human beings like, and like, man, we was talking about therapy life, You know children like, and, and it was just like, man, I'm in the you sometimes you just know when you in the right place You know it's energy, energy, energy is like, and that God intuition is one of the, the most like, underrated things.


And I was like, soon as I was at his crib, I was like, okay, we gonna do a album. Like, and And I felt like we both would put our heart and souls into it. And I was noticing that his sound was fresh. It wasn't like, Didn't sound old, didn't sound Dated. Nah, nah, I just took What we did from back in the day and just kind of mixed it in with what's going on today. You know and we want to, we want to rock with the Youngs. Yeah. I was gonna ask You know the celebration last year, the, the 50th celebration, it seemed like it, it made people respect hip hop again. Yes. And not just the newer artists. The older artists. Yeah. Because I'm seeing a lot of the, the OGs back on tour. Yes. I love that And. I'm seeing this show sold out people. Have you guys witnessed that? Yes, bro. I was, I was on that, that ll force tour with the Roots for a second.


And I did different cities, Cleveland, Chicago, Detroit. I'm like, yo, it's people here like coming in they outfits like, like fresh celebrating this music. Yeah. And lls doing like songs that ain't even hit, like hits from his album. Like one 900 ll My Shit and people rocking to it. Shit. That shit was dope shit. And that, that, like, all that was, I, I agree that we, we celebrated the culture and what made me feel good was like we celebrated ourselves. We ain't have to like wait for it, wait for somebody else to determine what this was. It was like, man, we celebrating ourselves. And, and it, and it just, to me, we ain't know when we was like, when I first started rhyming, I ain't know like, damn man, I could, I could be rhyming.


I'm 52 years old. You know I'm rhyming. Like I'm And I still And I still feel the love of what is that I have for this culture? And I didn't know when I was 19 rapping I'm like, I was thinking like by the time I'm 30 man, I might not be able to do this. Right, right. But we just didn't have any blueprints of people who had evolved and grown in the, in the industry to be able to find out how to exist and, and, and, and so many genres of music, they do it right. Like, I mean I'm a I'm a big jazz head and it's a, it is a jazz drummer named Roy Haynes. It plays in his nineties. You know And I. I want to, I feel like we now feel believe the hip hop can, you can be however old and just creating, if the music is good, young, old, I mean just create great music.


I I had a discussion with ll recently and he said he had to learn how to rap again. So, so common. Do you ever feel like that with rapping? Pete? Do you ever feel like that with production? Yep. I feel like that. Well I'm always at it, but You know there's times where I'm You know where I don't wanna make beats and then there's the, but when I do feel it, it's in my fingers and I'm ready to go. But You know I have, I have that feeling. I go through that Sometimes. Yeah, I definitely, I've been through it. Like, and now honestly, that was one of the reasons that I started like getting into acting was like, because I started studying acting, but the reason I pursued it even more was because I didn't want to be making music when I ain't really feeling it.


And And, I gotta find another way to, to a creative outlet but also another way to survive and, and get out there. So acting was one of those things. And it was times when I came back to rap. I'm like, what do I say? I remember I was talking to, to Tariq to Black Thor and he was like, nigga you, you didn't put out albums. Just rap. Just rap. And it, and it kind of reminded me, man, just mc. So like gradually I started getting better and, and getting better at my craft and going back to MCing and hearing other MCs. Like that's always inspiring. That's always been the thing when I, when I heard Nas come out, I like, oh, biggie or You know you hear Ghost in these cats.


You like, damn, I gotta rhyme Andre 3000 so good bro. No, I mean, but I'm saying that at that time that was always it. And now I still enjoy that. Like when I'm hearing some Kendrick or Earl sweatshirt You know, I'm like, damn, it's, I want to rhyme. But You know what You know the thing with LL If, you really think about ll i I call him one of the, the founding fathers. Right. He was, he was there early and and you would notice of course the rhyme skills and cadence was a lot different. Yeah, right. It was more, I don't wanna say elementary, but it was elementary sounding. It was Vet versus, And then it changed where ll the, The nineties sound is more modern to even this era. Yes. But the eighties was so he would've ll had to teach himself how to do it a different way because he would've sounded in the eighties still the same.


Yeah. So the fact that he had to do that and had the knowledge to say, look, I can't go like that means a lot. That is, do y'all ever have to do that with, with the, the way you make beats? 'cause some of the, the kicks in the SNAs, when you hear them old records, you'd be like, damn, that sound old. Like, did you have to I don't, I don't like old, I like vintage. Yeah, Vintage. Okay. You know what I mean? Classic, classic, Classic. But anyway, It sounds more classic To answer that You know, I keep my ears tuned to everything. Even if I don't like it You know what I'm saying? I'm still listening. I'm like, okay, well how could I incorporate what I do with this new way You? know what I'm saying? And that's, I've been working on that, working on it, working on. And then here we are You Know what I'm saying? And then when I hear it, there's certain new artists that I I want to hear on your production. Yeah man, the Rhapsody, the Ty Dolla sign.


I like him. Ty Dope. The symbols, the La Russell like Kendrick Cole. Like I like that's what some they need that. Yeah. You know man that would be like to hear them dudes on that. You did something for Kendrick before. Right? Pimp Pimp or Butterfly. But man, to hear them dudes like the symbols. And like you saying you hit him On Pete, shout out to him, man, Sims These beats man. I, I feel like that's the combination. But that the one thing what you said envy that I feel like I do hear sometimes is you could hear take a producer from that. It started in the nineties and you could hear they sound and it still sound like the nineties. The thing that Pete, that I noticed was like, man, them snares and kicks feel fresh. Like it's something even it could be a break that I've heard before, but it's something about what he doing to that break and what he doing to that sample.


Even the scratches, I was like, I was like, man, PI don't know why, but these scratches feel fresh to me. It ain't like we've been heard scratches on records, but it was just, I guess the rhythmic of it. I don't know what you've done sonically. And sometimes I think of DJs like J Rock, shout out to Beat Junkies and J Rock and had him scratch On, on our hour. Yeah, yeah, for sure. At the End. Now when you heard the Drake and Kendrick beef right. Did that fuel you to be like, I want to get back into it. 'cause you was the type that they, they used to throw shots at you all the time. You would throw shots back because matter. Hey, that's what I do, bro. So did you feel like, did it give you that, that that feeling of, I I wanna jump back into this. I What you think about it? I ain't want to get in a battle.


'cause I was like, that battle, that battle. But I was, I was already enthused about writing just because I had been hearing like, like I said, like whether it was Cat sending me j Cole Freestyle or just You know the, the rhymes I was hearing, I'd be going back listening to stuff we like from brand new being to You know to Tribe. I, I, I was listening to De la la so I was in the spirit of like, man, I'm going to write and I'm, I'm gonna write, I'm referencing things in in, in the rhymes that ain't like I talk about stuff that some people might not know. And that's what we used to do in hip hop. So when I heard the battle, I, I was more like, man enthused and kind of like, well it was a, it was to me one of the greatest battles that ever exists.


I Think the greatest It, it, it, I I I might have to agree. I, I do feel like because I've been through some experiences and heard certain songs that mean so much to me that I probably ain't been able to give it up. It's like when people be like LeBron or Jordan. Right, right. You know what it's like because I grown up through Jordan is still, but I recognize that LeBron is right there. Chicagoans get mad at me for saying that LeBron is is right there. Yeah. But that being said, I would say if I'm just being purely true, I do think it was the best battle because of the back and forth that they, and the way they were delivering records and how great the records were. And And I wanna say as a, as a Mc, like that was a real battle.


It wasn't like just as soon as it started somebody won. Drake was delivering. Yeah. And he was delivering was, and, and, and then Kendrick just came and said, yo, I got this and, and did deliver something just two of the greatest, not only this song, songs in hip hop to me, like Meet the Grams and, and not like us. It just classic songs. Ridiculous. I Ain't Drake wasn't, Drake was not like just sitting down. He was fighting. It was a heavyweight fight. Yeah. And And I saw something you said Charlemagne. It was, it was true. Like, it was like, obviously the people that that are like, ah, yeah, You know that ended Drake. That that really can't end the end. The man's You know, like you said, that was just allow some people to maybe feel whatever they were feeling to say what they wanted to feel about him.


But that man established a lot in his career and people still gonna go out and see him just in this battle. Kendrick just prevailed man and brought the people together. So he, he just won. That's the part. Yeah. And, and this might be a dumb question, but did you really have the daydream or dreams that you described on dreaming on, on the New. Album? 'cause they sound so vivid. Yeah, yeah. Well I actually, some of those dreams definitely happened. And that's one of the things that for me, like people come to me in my dreams, especially like people that have transitioned have left and passed on. Like, that's why I talk about my cousin Alee who died in, in a motorcycle accident in Brooklyn 2009.


That was my man. Yeah. He he come to, yeah, Pete, Pete actually used to ride motorcycles with him, but, but God bless his soul. Like, and all these people, Dr. May, they have come to me in my dreams. Wow. But This That's crazy. I was like, let me just be like, because I, I've been in the MC space. Like, I was like, let me be clever with it and talk about Prince and, and talk about these things and just play with the words of it. But also keep the, the spirit of like what dreaming is. And when people come to visit you in your dreams, Did y'all have a discussion about that? Is that what inspired you? Yeah. Okay. Because I told 'em Hev comes to me in my dreams. Troy comes to me in my dreams. You know. Yeah. Everyone I lost from family members to friends You. know what I'm saying? They come to me.


Wow. And I. I take that as a sign and that they're watching me and they got eyes on me. Yeah. And, I feel like You know the ancestors speak to us in different ways. And And I definitely believe. And even though I don't even always remember all those dreams, I still like remember the visits and, and then You know for me to talk about Nelson Mandela with prison couldn't break him. And You know when Malcolm's talking about Isama Lake him, he in the window saying Isama Lake him. I'm thinking about that. That by all means necessary by any means necessary picture where he was in the window. Like all those things, man, I was just, I wanted to give it up for, for people who've inspired me, it was almost like a tribute to, to the ancestors, but in a, in a good way.


And not everybody was gone either. Like, ya seen Bay, I'm talking Yeah. I have those same dreams. I just wonder what are they trying to tell us? Are they just letting us know, Hey, there's something else after this. So move according. Yeah. I, I feel, I feel like maybe I feel like, like they definitely are letting us know that some, it's something else that exists. It is deeper than just this human level. And my mother always be talking man. She would say a prayer to me and be like, from the heavenly realms. So I feel like from the heavenly realms that our ancestors can come to us in our dreams. You know that just may be one way. They communicate, You know record. Okay. When you produce Troy, right. What was the mindset back then? Because usually people didn't do records like that.


It was either hard records, it was club records, it was party records, it was street records. But you did a record as a, as a reminisce, as a dedication record. What was the mind frame and what was the labels mind frame feeling of putting that record out of all? 'cause that's one of the most classic records Out there. Well, I'm gonna start off saying I was depressed. You know. I I was really depressed. 'cause it You know we lost one A-A-A-A-A block general too. He was like, he taught me how to fight, taught me this, taught me that. And so when we lost, they were saying Moved Closer to the money. Oh. So when we lost them You know it was the whole community was was was crazy. So I went somehow found the strength to go dig through records.


And I found this record and listened to the whole thing. And when I listened to the whole thing, I got emotional, started crying. And I said that was a sign to say, yo, try to do something with this You. know what I'm saying? And so that's what I did. And I heard these elements in the song and that drove me to make the Beat Man You. know what I'm saying? And when I heard that sax, You knew it was it. That was it. I was like, no hook, no nothing. Just rock that horn. Did did cl have that, That rock Rics already done? Really? And he just, he added Troy. He did. All he did was like, change a few things. But he, he, I came when I gave him the BD he had the lyrics, but he just changed some, a few things To, to to, to come into the concept.


Detroit, why did, How did you feel when you first heard that acronym? Like that's like the Ness U The Reminisce Over You. That was real clever of cl for him to come up with that title You know what I'm saying? That was, that was crazy to spell out my man's name. Mm. And how that title is, is it was this Magic was happening for us Bro You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. Everything was coming together when we Did that. And did the label want that record out at first? Did they knew what it was? 'cause it was Yep. 'cause when we finished it, Charlie Brown was in the studio, couple other homies and we listening to it and we crying in tears. Like it's, it's wow. I had to leave the room, bro. 'cause the music was, it was, it was, it was that touching that Song still does that to people.


Like, like people remember their parents, their grandparents, their loved ones. When that song comes out, as soon as you hear that you like Jesus. Like what, 33 years old? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Still being talked about and marveled at. And I'm grateful for it. You know we don't give you credit for a two P Rock man always putting dark-skinned brothers in Apol. Come on. Chocolate Boy One. Just That just that title. Come on. Come on bro. Can you call yourself Chocolate Boy Wonder at some point? Yes. It's Common You know what? I don't give you enough Respect. Light skinned, dark skinned shit. We go at back.


Charlemagne can't Live. Can we figure that shit through M Who was still With that in you though? Heavy D was very talented in coming up with names. He gave CPO his name. Gave Pete gave me, well his brother, my cousin Floyd gave me Pete Rock and he have taught me a lot about like bridges and songs. You know, like just how to structure a song, a hit song. And then it stuck with me You know what I'm saying? Because he was the first one to notice my talents. He was like, yo, you got something? But he's saying he needs to bring that out AP he's saying who instilled that? That that black black, that black pride.


Like as a, as a as a chocolate boy. Confidence In Your speech. Oh, for me? Yeah. Oh, I mean You know what I'm saying? Like I, I had the talent You know, I You know. I thought I was decent looking as a, as a black man. Yes Sir. I just rolled man, You already had it. We come from that era though. We come from the black and proud era You know, like even when I listen to You know on honor a God You know, like you say that there's a God in the spirit of you. And I was like, damn You know growing up we had the 5% teachings. We constantly heard that. And it felt good to hear it. 'cause we don't hear that no More. Man. Man, I, the more and more I understand why we greet each other as God, like in peace. And when we say peace God, like I, I first received that just through hip hop because of the 5% Nation.


And New Yorkers like brought that to us. And, and we was just saying it And I liked it just because it felt good. But the more I understand how much God is in us, it's like it's, it should be said. And and we need to acknowledge that. And even You know, you can look in the Bible and it talks about You know the, the God that Christ being in you You know and you being Christ-like or You know that we ye are all Gods. So I'm like, when you start putting together a lot of thoughts about spirituality, almost all of all of them teach you that the creator is in you too. That's right. And you won with the creator. So I love that I got that from hip hop and got even more of an understanding. 'cause I grew up going to church, so got even more of understanding of what it is through You know through putting that together.


And now when I, if I'm at church or if I'm around people who are like really like into just religion, I still can approach them and and express to them, to God and them You know, You got a line on that song. You say, my testimony came from all the the testing. Yes, sir. Just kinda expound on that a little bit. Man. I, I feel like anything that I'm really can talk about from a, from a pure and like a place that resonates is because I, I've experienced some things in life and, and You know I experienced things like we all do. But that human testing, that thing of going through things is what allows us to really connect. Right? And, and that's why I could tell a story I didn't even know, like when I first started rapping, I, I rapped about abortion in one, one of my songs early on.


Mm. And this dude came up to me and was


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member finra, And I not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nicks are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. Their comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection from your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine washed just like regular underwear. But feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to highrise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's knicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life-changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


Hi, this is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. Say yes to summer and get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal, which let's face it comes in very handy. During the summertime, everyone is ready for summer activities, which is why using PayPal is a great way to say yes to summertime fun. Say yes to those concert tickets to go see that band you were into back in high school. Say yes to that bikini that you are too scared to try it at the store because the lighting might be bad and you might get to discouraged. But that You know you'll look amazing in when you try it on for the first time at the resort when you get there. You can also send money to friends via PayPal, which means going Hal these with your best friend when she visits this summer with even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to summertime fun, just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money, redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


Summer brings lots of outdoor time and offers more chances to bike and walk. But high temperatures can also bake exhaust from vehicles to produce air pollution that is dangerous to breathe, especially for those with asthma and other lung conditions. Older people and children are also at higher risk. Even healthy folks who work or exercise outside You all can help though. First, check the daily air quality forecast and let your family and friends know when poor air quality is expected. Then plan to take actions like using transit or carpooling instead of driving alone when you must drive. Link your trips and don't let your car idle. Keep your tires inflated, your trunk empty and don't fill up your tank during the hottest hours of the day. You even get an excuse to postpone mowing your lawn on air Quality Alert Days. If. you have a gas powered mower. Check the forecast, sign up for alerts and find more tips at www.airqualitypartnership.org. A program of the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission.


Rain or shine every day is a great day for fishing, right? You got rain gear, but you can't overlook Sunny Day gear. A Columbia PFG Solar Stream Elite hoodie has you covered on the sunniest days. Like literally. I mean, who wouldn't trade a sunburn for a trophy fish? But why do it? If? you don't have to. Especially when this Solar Stream Elite hoodie is built with broad spectrum UV protection. We're talking UPF 50 and it has air flow so you don't overheat. And what's the alternative? Putting down the rod every half hour so you can slather on some sunscreen. Seems like an easy choice to be. Columbia PFG has you covered with their cast back TC Shoe. It's omnimax cushioning and traction system helps if you're on your feet a lot say fighting a fish, not to mention keeping you surefooted on a wet rocking boat. So if you're gonna be spending long days out on the water, And I sincerely hope that you will be head over to columbia.com/pfg and shop all their performance fishing gear


Like, man, I decided to have my child because of your song. Retrospect For Life with with Lauren Hill. And and my point is, like I was telling, that was my testimony and me telling what I've been through and it affected him enough to, to make a decision with his wife, to have a, a child And I. And I'm just saying like, man, we gotta go through things to, to have a testimony that that really means something and resonates. And I ain't saying you go out there to try to suffer, but but You know life gives you things and it, and it's the way we deal with it and overcome it and, and move through it. And what builds character that will allow us to be like, yo, when I'm sitting down with people, they listen because they know I've been through something You know.


So that's the testimony. Do Y'all think people respect the legacies that you two guys have put out? Like I I look at other genres of music, right? And they respect the elder men. Right. The young to the old. Right. Yeah. And I'm just remembering as, as a the the best thing about it is, is I was such a young DJ that didn't know too many people. So I remember getting the, the common wax. Yeah. I remember getting the, the record it said Remix by Pete Rock, And I. Remember what that feeling meant. I remember when no disrespect to run DMC where it, they fell off a little bit and then they did down with the Kings and Pete Rock brought em back out. I mean, I remember all of that. So do you think people understand the legacy that you guys have built and put into this game? We would want them to understand because we put a lot of hard work into You know.


'cause when they, when I did run DMC You, know what I'm saying? It was like, damn, how am I bring these dudes Back? They were trying to come back. They nothing was hitting for them. Yeah. And then I had to convince Russell and Lyor and that I could do this. I'm the man for this. And then had Jam Master Jay with me came to my crib. We worked on it and got what we got. So hopefully that's a story that they could listen to and learn from and and understand the legacy of what we did to make it what it is today. And so even The video. Yeah, Video. The video was one of the, everybody was in it. It was One of the most cameo videos I've Ever seen. Yes, sir. Easy. Everybody was in that damn video. Eazy-E was in it. Yo, that's rest in peace.


God Rest in You Know how that record worked because they, they weren't trying to be anything except for what they were at the time. Which was Kings of the game. Yes, yes. Forefathers of the game. Yes. You Know I was, I was in the Clouds 'cause I couldn't believe I just did this for them You know what I'm saying? Like brought them back from, what was the album back from Hell was the album That was it Back from Hell. It might been back from Hell. Yeah, I think so. But they were messing with each other at the time. It was, it was, it was thinking. I just remember that. Yes. And who wrote that? I think did Jay write that for, for Ron? Who wrote that? Somebody wrote it. For what? For for for for Down To King. Yeah. Oh, That's the album was down with the King. Yeah, That was down King. But as far as writing, I have no idea. Oh, somebody Wrote that for Ron. I'm Not sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I wanna go back to honor God.


'cause You know you got Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson on the record. How is it asking your lady for a feature and does she charge you? Well, let me say this. It was definitely, it kind of just came pure because I was playing the record and And I had the rhyme and Peter sent me the beat. And I loved this, this beat And I thought it was Aretha Franklin, a sample from Aretha Franklin. And I asked Pete and he like, no, that ain't Aretha Franklin. And Jennifer heard it and was like, man, that is incredible. Like that's outta all the beats I was playing. She was like, that's that's my favorite right there. I was like, And I. And it just, man, I was like, damn, this kind of give you that soul for Aretha. Jennifer played Aretha in a movie.


And I could tell she was inspired by it. I was like, yo, I'm, I'm gonna get her to sing on it. But at first, after I You know, we, I had the verses in the subject matter. I wanted PJ, who was a incredible artist and writer. PJ Dope. PJ Super Dope. She You know. Yeah, she from North Carolina. It's just super dope. But I had her write the hook and, and, and then also I was like, I want Jennifer to sing kind of what the sample is doing. And I was like, what's up? You want to do this? She was like, yes. Yes. I, because she she was excited to do it. And You know ain't no charge. It'll be a fair exchange. I'll do do something on Points on the back You know no points. No points.


I'll give you so where you can You know. Yeah. It's All Love. I I wanted to ask too, You know, how do you deal with the criticism? Like you, you've, you've dated women in the industry that were famous. Yes. And sometimes people go at them, how do you deal with that being their man, but you also know that this is the entertainment world. Yeah man, I try to do my best, do my best to, when I'm like in a relationship or partnership that is with somebody public, which has happened, it's, I just try to make sure we stay as sacred as possible with us. And like I try to build, make sure we build together and have our own like foundation. Because once people start talking, it can, it can distract you, it can get you off, it can discourage you.


But If, you got the foundation and know what y'all purpose to do. You know. And that's, I guess any relationship. But for me that's what's been like dealing with the, the publicity of the stuff. And You know you feel something if somebody attacking somebody you care about you love, you want to, you going to defend them. You want to defend them. But You know, I try not to get caught up too much into what people talking about the relationship. Especially if it ain't true and if it is true that it wasn't supposed to be out there like that. So we gotta resolve that within the house. Like if somebody criticizes her show for instance, right? Yeah. And then you gotta do an interview. It's like it Who was her come got a great roster. He talking about I would never talk about it.


Go home and have a come on married, I'm married, come on. Like, You know. So how do you deal with that? Because you might just wanna say, You know what, I ain't like what he said, I'm gonna talk to him later on. So how do you deal with that? But then you also know like, this is the entertainment industry. And I gotta let it go. But people You know. I always say people, sometimes people think common is sweet, right? And I know Common ain't Sweet. And I know every Once in A while seen common smack somebody tell the story Time seen it, seen on stage rapping And then walked in the crowd smack somebody and did not stop freestyling You about smacking the dude South Carolina House of Blues.


Wow. Hey, that was back then. Like we said, light-skinned niggas ain't just go back down. So how Do you deal with that part Of it? Nah, but for me, man, like when people criticize your your work, man, you can't really take that too personal. Like, I get criticized all the time. You know I done got called out for wearing crochets. You know, like I just, I you gotta know who you are. And like If you put out like I put out music. They, there's people are like, man, this what is this? Like, I can't take that personal. So I I apply that with her. Like if somebody's talking about her show, they don't like the show. I, I Underst You know that's what they, that's what they feel. But if somebody get in and disrespect her space, that's a different thing.


Right? Like, just like it is different than criticizing on, on You know the, the work we do than it is like disrespecting the space of a person. So that's how I feel. But her show is doing excellent, bro. So I'm, I'm happy for her and I'm grateful she on the album Jay Hud. Yeah. How do you feel when you look back at the electric circus time come? Because I, I I think about like, You know we people ask the locks about the shiny suit time. Yeah. Yeah. What do you look back when you look back your circus time? What do you think? I think, I think Electric Circus was like, it was a big step for my career in a way that though people didn't receive it at that time, You know as a artist, you gotta go places to just outta courage and, and being truthful with where you are to have a career in a way.


'cause if I kept doing the same thing after a certain period, people are like, okay, this is the same thing. But because because I I've had like the ups and downs and, and it's not been always accepted or popular. I think people understand that that's the ebbs and flows of life. And, I. Look at You know, sometimes people come to me about that album and be like, man, that's what my favorite album you did. Or, or they, they, they felt, they'll be like, man, that album grew on me. Eventually I remember Primo told me that like, we was on tour Gang Star. He was like, You know I ain't like that album. But when you started performing it, I was into it. And I feel like sometimes that's what art is. Everybody ain't gonna love it at one point. Yeah. I used to didn't like Jimi Hendrix.


My cousin used to play him. And I'd be like, man, why you playing this? Don't be playing that. And then eventually, like I'm working at Jimi Hendrix studio, I'm listening to Jimi Hendrix music and I'm like, yo, this Jonah is amazing. See, he got some amazing music. So I feel like some people can grow into it. Some people will never like it. I was Amir Quest love hit me about a few years ago when they put it as one of the best like albums that was o underrated and blah, blah blah. Like see, I told you. So you just gotta, you just gotta put music, put the music out that you truly feel right. Well I I was talking more about the clothes because you bought up the crochet. Oh yeah, yeah. Was it the Queen Erba? Do we got her on the one? Oh Yes, I Was it her that had you dressing like that? Because I love when the internet, this new era finds old stuff.


Yeah, yeah. And that's what they say. Nah, what Well see, this is, this is the thing. Erica is very influential, but not influential enough to say dress like this. And I would do it. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm a man like that. Like, I'm gonna be like, I'm Gonna put on what I like everybody might like ask they woman when, when your lady be like, oh, you look good. You feel good about that? Yeah. But I am not going to my lady like, is this one right or that, I mean, I might ask that, but nobody's gonna say, yo, wear this. Wear wear, wear this. And, and she You know. That's a powerful woman. She's amazing, incredible human being too. And just man, just, just one of the greatest. But as far as dressing me, no, that never Happened.


That never Record. I love won the New Album, the auditorium Shy Town. Do it. Wow. Yeah. Are are you talking about an actual woman or is that a love letter to the city? Because, because in a way the whole album feels like a love letter to Chicago. But on that particular song, is that a real woman or is it Chicago? I mean, I'm actually going between a, a particular woman and just like, just rhyming and, and it is love to Chicago. I kind of felt like within the writing of it, I wanted to do all those things. And I'm glad you said that because it was, the, the album for me does have the love letter to Chicago and, and, and the love letter to hip hop The way we love. And, and with Pete being from New York, me being from the shi I'm like, man, I gotta bring my Chicago To Brooklyn.


Oh yeah. He had yeah. On originally on that, on that record, he had, he had sampled biz saying, Brooklyn do it. Brooklyn dude. I was like, Pete, I love Brooklyn. I I Love Brooklyn, New York, You know I live in Brooklyn, But no bro, I'm representing Chicago all day. So yeah, that is a a a love letter to, to Chicago. But also like, I'm kind of referencing a woman like You know, like she knew me from the city, knew I was witty, knew I had power and maybe some sense like 50 50. Yeah. That's Crazy. How do you, how do you tap into that Chicago energy all these years later? Because You know you, you've been all over The. World.


Yeah. So how do you tap into that Energy? Man? You know, I used to go, I used to like, because when I first moved from Chicago, I moved to New York, then I would be New York, LA and go home. I used to just go home, rent cars and just go around and be with my homies. Like, just, let's sit down and watch the game. Let's go to this bar, let's do, like, that's what I did in the, in the early two thousands. Now in my life I got so many things going on there. I got a school called Art in Motion in Chicago. Wow. Which is an art school. And then I also had a common ground foundation there and we got something called Free to Dream. All those things are happening. But to be, I'm gonna be real real with you.


Like having a lady that's from Chicago allow me to go home and just be home. Wow. Like and dope. And I hadn't did that in a while where I was just like going home and just being around my loved ones and didn't have no work to do. Mm. And that man, I ain't gonna front that helped me with this album because just going to your roots, you gotta always re like recharge and replug and plug into them roots. No matter how much you've elevated, you still gotta go to them. Roots and just And, I mean to me growth is about starting and growing from the roots. So me going back to Chicago all these times just for regular shit, it just, man, it just helped me stay rooted in what I do and who I am.


I'm referencing certain Chicago things and I'm like, this is what I used to do. This is what I did on Resurrection. This is what I did. I wasn't trying to like, because I seen The World, I wasn't because I seen The, World, I was referencing other things, but to be able to go back home and reference things, we used to do that a lot in hip hop. That's how I knew what Queens was about. 'cause what Nas was talking about, I knew what, what Brooklyn was about. 'cause what Jay and Biggie was talking about knew what Harlem was talking was about because of Dipset. Yeah. Dipset and all them guys. So yeah. So I feel like that's what I wanted to give to Chicago. Again, That sound, that sound like you might get married come for real. Like, that sound like you building a real foundation. I mean, listen, I mean this is definitely a, with all due respect to all the women I've, I've dated You know.


'cause they all, it's all love. But this is a really healthy and beautiful relationship bro. And like, I'm just doing my best to keep God first and, and communicating, taking all the stuff I've learned as a, as a human being. The failures I've had in relationships from on my responsibility. I'm, I'm taking that learning from that, growing from it, using all the therapy, all the, all the You know, understanding that man, let me enjoy moments. And, and also just life is about trying to, not trying, but creating happiness and creating joy and creating love and, and like embracing the grace that exists. So this is somebody You know and it's something man, you kind of, when you with somebody who's from where you from, it's a different kind of connection too.


Yeah. That's, that's something else. But I mean, I, she's from where I'm from spiritually. She's from where I'm from, from like, from where we geographically come from The shot And You know, just from where I'm from as a person, like one of the things that, that I felt was before we even started was together, we were doing this movie and this security guard said to me, he was, I came to the set, he was like, man, you and Jennifer Hudson, two of the coolest celebrities I ever met, man. I was like, what? For real? He's like, nah, y'all real cool. And he was like, she just bought this ice cream for all these people here on the, the set. And I was like, man, I just like people to treat people good. That's probably the home too for me.


So, yeah. I mean, she is she she there, bro, you Seem the happiest. So You, so you're saying you wanna get married. That would sound like to me, Comedy. I mean, if, if I'm going to get married, it's to her. Wow. Wow. That's simple as that. And I. See Pete Rock smiling every time you talk about her. He's smiling. Like, he's like, like he might know something that we don't know. I see. I don't know nothing. I like it. I like to see them You. know what I'm saying? Together. It makes me feel good. It Feel. Talk to me about the, the three wise men that visited you, visited you on the record. Wise up. Who, who do those three wise men represent? Man, I was really, when I wrote that, I was thinking three wise men came to visit where I been. They brought gifts with the south side blend.


I wanted these wise men to have like all the, the goly attributes that you hear about all three wise men. It's menace. It's yeah, it It's a me it it's a me. Exactly. I wanted them like, because I mean, I really was right now because a lot of people that I've met that are some of the most enlightened and spiritual people are real niggas. That's right. You know. And they real, real people, real men, real black, real women. And I was like, man, it's depth to to to these human beings. So I wanted the wise men to not be perfect. One of the things I feel like I'm a big, I'm heavy into like New Testament scripture. So like I don't read that and just be like, oh man, this, these people weren't human beings.


And I wanted to, to bring the humanity to three wise men. Like these are people. They, he bringing me Hennessy and bringing the wisdom You know and bringing the, the, the scrolls and telling me, yo And, I said the third gave a mirror and told me to remember me. He's just telling me, yo, remember who you are. This mirror I'm giving you is so you can remember who you are. And I, I felt that was important for, so I just made that Hennessy. I, I reference Hennessy on another one. There's a guy with like, well I can I enter the gates of heaven smelling like Hennessy. So Hennessy, Hennessy might as well sponsor me or something. Ivy. Ivy. What's up Ivy? Make that happen. Ivy Rivera, listen Pete You know this is a very vintage You know sounding album.


Even the length of the records, right? And it's the verses and a hook 15 Joints verse Hook. Did either one of you ever think You know, maybe we should shorten the records to be like this new era? I'm glad y'all didn't, but did that ever cross your mind in the studio? Oh no. It is usually now. I, we noticed that it's like people when they making records is really only two verses Now. Two 50 When it's solo artists, Two 52nd records. Right? But when it's a group, you may hear more than two verses, but I think it was just two verses and we did, you did three on, on This Man's Arms, right? Yeah. A couple Couple joints. Couple Joints did three Lonesome. But it's now it's like, that's, that's what we did. We have a choice now to make two or three, I think man in making songs like, you gotta just go with the feeling.


Yeah. Like James Brown then was just boom, that them records was long fade. And then some of them super hits from the Motown was like two minute records. Like I, when I'm writing verses I'm like, this, this song don't need to be that long. So I kind of, we approached it more than anything. I, I believe when we was making this album, we was like, let's make something that we really feel like, man, God in this music let's create. That's let's just create and, and receive that. And then I ain't gonna front. I was like thinking about albums like only built for Cuban Lynx or, or thinking about like Midnight Marauders and Main Ingredient and Balloon Mind stayed paid in full.


Like I want album Illmatic obviously albums that I was like, let's make a album where people li can listen to the whole album and it got a sound and we hoped that it could be classified as a new class. Well, hiphop, deified all rules in music. Absolutely. Yes. Explain Expound on that. We, Because James Brown said like there were rules to the music business, right. Or to music, or how to make music. And he mentioned like Beethoven and all them type of dudes. And he said he defied all of that 'cause they were following the rules. He wasn't. And so You know in hip hop, I feel like we just doing what we want. What feels good to us You know what I'm saying? Whether it's two verses, sometime you'll hear one long verse and the record's over You know what I'm saying?


With a little bit of a hook and You know it's free You know this, this hip hop shit is like free. I got a hip hop, a hip hop head record, co smooth and P Rock. Whatever happened to the group, Just growing Pains, man. You know we we're two different people. Y'all cool with each other now? Or I can't say that, but You know because I You know because I wish best Anniversary. I never seen y'all perform together. Yeah. And I. I always said, damn, that would be for 58, 50 year anniversary. Yeah. Everybody coming back. I was like, it, it would be a amazing to see Troy on stage or the Record straight And I. I feel the same way, but You know. Some things just can't happen. You know. And it is what it is. It's not, it's just life, bro. You know What I'm saying?


I I just got a couple more questions. You, you only got one rap feature on this project and that's, that's pause plug one from Daylight. Why? Why is that? Man, I initially, I was like, man, Peter, I don't want no features. I wanna do like what Rakim and them did. Like they or You know, like I said, Matic had one feature, but I was like, I, it didn't feel like we, I feel like we had created a sound. I didn't want any features. I was like, this is, this is a sound. Let's do what we do. He Could do it without Yeah, Anyone. But, but what happened is that the song that pasta news from De La Soul is on was featured and he blessed the verse man. And like, first of all, You know Dave from De La Soul.


Truo had passed recently. Rest in peace. Rest in peace, God bless his soul. So they, they were kind of hovering like You know Dela was one of the first groups that embraced me and they put me on a record called the Business. And that was like life changing for me. So that's my family. I was staying at Macy's crib. This, this my fam. So I, when they, when Dave died, it kind of, it hit me. And And I was also listening to a lot of daylight. And then that was inspiring me too, because they just always been free with they music. But so we, we, we basically almost done with the album, but the song that Nu is on Peter, Peter created the beat, but at one point it was Daylight's Beat, it was daylight.


They were working on the album together that, that Pete and Primo was producing for dela. Wow. Yeah. Dang. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and Dave passed. So Pete sent me the beat and he was like, man, this, this is Deli's beat. I'm not sure, but I just ended up writing to it. And I had And, I got the hook idea to it. What You wrote to it. He was like, man, I need this. I need it. Like, come on. And then, so when we were about to master the album, I'm like, Pete, we gotta, we gotta talk to Poz and yeah, POZ and Poz was like, man, that's our beat man. We we, that's Dela beat man. I was like, damn, I'm have to get this song up. Pete was like, I'm gonna make you another one. I was like, damn, it ain't gonna be this beat.


And then, and then, and then five minutes later Pete hit me and said, PA said you could hide the beat. And I said, nah, let me call Pa. I called him and he said, yo Ra, you could hide the beat, bro. And I was like, nah. He was like, I want, if it's anybody putting that music out there, we want you out there with it so you can have the beat. And I was like, no, I want you on this song. And then he was like, yo, I'm down. Like I'm with this. And he was, he was actually about to leave New York to go do something and he went in the studio that, that that wrote that night, went in the next morning and blessed it. So, wow. It was kind of like a divine order that he was, that he was the mc that was gonna be on the album. Pos.


'cause they, like I said, they influenced me a lot and influenced this album. How Far down the road did y'all get with the Daylight album? You and Premier? Well, they had at least two beats that they were writing to pos to tell you like You know. And Dave was the one that was like, that one. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And You know. And then picked another beat and then picked that one that we have. Yeah. Yo, they, I, I think wow. To be honest, I think y'all got, 'cause PA's played me at least about four or five joints that y'all got this crazy, I'm just remembering the the ones that they went really went crazy over. Yeah, yeah. But I gave them like six, seven beats. See that's like one of them. Hip hop what ifs You know I'm a Marvel guy, so I love the what If, you know what I'm saying?


Me Too. So it's like, man, what if Yep. What If you don't pass. And we get the Daylight album produced by Premier and Pete Rock. Yep. Oh my God. Yep. I was doing half, he's doing another Half. You know. He a, he a big Marvel dude, man. Like that's big Time. I I be seeing you. Absolutely. I gotta put that up there. Think about the new cap coming and that pool. I'm waiting for that. Oh, I can't wait for that. Pull on ring. Yeah. That, that got me excited. My last question, You know, we saw meth recently. He said that he realized that there's a, the generation gap is just too wide for him. He don't wanna perform at Summer Jam no more. He just felt like the crowd was too young at certain concerts. Younger concerts at certain concerts. Do y'all feel that way? And do you feel like there's not a home for, for OGs in hip hop and as far as, not even just performing, but radio as well?


Mm. I I don't feel that way. I feel that like, man music can prevail over any age. Like I was listening to Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder as a kid, I wasn't thinking about how old they were. I just loved the music. And my first concert was the Jacksons And. I was eight years old watching them. Wow. And my point is, I think we, if we deliver the music that can touch them, they will, they will respond. And I'm a believer, man, I love doing shows where people don't be really feeling me. And I win them over. Man. I done seen people frowning up at me and like, man, I don't like this dude. And then I'm like, yo, let me, I'm You know.


I'm And I like to work the crowd like him work 'em to till they do believe. So, I mean, first of all, I meth, anybody need to respond to meth, man, them songs he got is is classic, classic Timeless. That's my guy. Shout out to meth New York. Yeah. All I knew was my wedding song, man. Dance with my Wedding. No doubt. Knee remic. No doubt. Come on bro. That's what I'm so, so, I mean, I think the one good thing is that I feel like a lot of that music is coming around again to the, to the youngest. I remember doing a thing at Prairie State in Texas in his York this short, he had on Low End Theory a hoodie. Yeah. I was like, yo, I said, what You know about that?


He's like, man, this is my favorite album, low End Theory Child called Quest. He, I said, how old are you? He said, 19. I was like, yo, he was Taught this, This stuff. Yeah. He, I mean, whoever introduced him, that's, that's his music though now. Yeah. So I feel like if we deliver music that has that soul and that timelessness, young people will respond. Old people respond. People will respond. Well If, you looking for that? The auditorium V one is out right now. Yep. Let's Comedy and Pete Rock. Let's play A joint off of there. Which y want Here? Oh, which One you want to first Bro? Yeah, let's, let's hit fortunate man. Let's, I was Gonna say, let the sunshine again because Okay, let's spoke on it. We appreciate you brother. Alright, thank No problem. No problem. Thank you. Yeah. Well, thank y'all for joining us. Pick up the album right now.


The auditorium volume one is out right now. Common P Rock. Yes sir. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing, Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public do com slash disclosures for more.


Pulling up to Mickey D's just for drinks. Oh yeah, that's me. Nothing extra. Just perfection. And a straw coming in hot for the coldest cups on the block because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's. Mix things up with any size lemonade or sweet tea for a dollar 49. Perfect. With our classic fries. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Ba ba ba ba ba.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside, but through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend and prove as a parent, there's so much discussion of how do we build our careers? When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In 1980, while El Salvador sat on the brink of war, one man held together the fragile piece. Archbishop Oscar Romero. He was brutally assassinated in front of dozens of his loyal followers. His death marked the start of a civil war that left more than 75,000 people dead and a million more displaced around The World. My family includes both those that fled and those that died. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts From.


iHeart podcasts comes. Does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Avand Dead. Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs ferries Lick 'em. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.