
Hey, Welcome to the Cooper Residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised she put my name first. Come on in.


From the brains behind the Big Bang Theory, And, young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved, familiar folks. I am so glad. That, you. And. C. C are here. And, Georgie AT a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier. CBS Tonight. Eight seven Central And Streaming on Paramount Plus.


What's up? It's me. Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air Bud I would describe It. It very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear And. Then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere. 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, And, just make life easier. And seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like That without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for More.


I'm Julie Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And. We are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details. And honestly, just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times. From legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, 5-year-old Cuban boy Elian Gonzalez was found off the coast of Florida. And. The question was, should the boy go back to his father in Cuba? Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with Him or stay with his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died, trying to get you to freedom. Listen to Chefs Peace, the El Gonzalez story on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I? Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise know if you haven't already figured. It out the Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Culture choa, yet listen to Lost Culture. Chota on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake That ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in And. We got a special guest. He's back in the building. Yes indeed. Ladies And. Gentlemen. Jake Steinfeld. Welcome back. All Right. Morning Happening. What? My guy, what's Good morning, fellas. How you feeling And? Hey, I'm here too. That's Lauren LaRosa's. Lauren, great to meet you. Nice To meet you too. Looking Very shiny. Oh, thank you. Is That a good shiny 'cause I need I. Just That. No It. Shiny sweet. Like, oh, You know. Nice red, like fly. Get the whole fly. You don't get too many compliments. Know her dermatologist would say oily, but it's The same. we You know. I figured. I figured we'd get off the, You see the shade?


That, They be throwing my way. We You know, but I saw the drink over there. So I figured I better not go there. Oh damn. Everybody know you an alcoholic. Lauren. That'd be Crazy. That's a candle. That's not a real drink. Didn't even Say nothing. And Jake is a fitness guy. That's right. He's really concerned about you. I am Drinking. That's, that's why I came on. You called me know. Really? Envy. That's why you guys called me. I came. This is an intervention. Intervention. Why didn't waste shit gas? 'cause I ain't, I'm not stopping. Okay. We, It's like, like, I'm not an alcoholic. I just went to homecoming. I And. Every alcoholic says That's what They say. Right? know? That's the first line in That book. Oh My God, I'm not an alcoholic. Yes, that's right. That's right. All I did was go to homecoming. We do You want to keep talking?


So Jay, what are we here to talk about today? My brother? We You know. We're always talking about what, what what you, what's very near And dear to you, is mental health. That's right. Right. You know And. And. All the kid aside. As you guys know, you've been awesome. And. Your audience has been so supportive. I've been putting fitness centers in elementary, And, middle schools around us. Great country of ours. And I had this dream, right? 13 years ago, That, I wanted to put fitness centers in as many elementary And middle schools in this great country of ours. And, my 13th year. Right now, we just completed 50 states. Oh, wow. Congratulations. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. We, we were in Alaska, Hawaii, Nevada.


And, a great state of New York. My home state, And we're up in Buffalo. Troy, And. Sarana. Believe. It or not And. You know. Here's the one thing I say. 'cause You know you guys got a lot of great guests on, but you're, you're a passionate guy. And. When you say you, you believe in something. You talk about It, And. You guys are really on the line. You know this. Mental health crisis is a crisis. And. When you think about It, the most underutilized antidepressant is exercise You know if you're mad, if you're sad, if you're angry or stressed, just move your body And when you're moving your body, especially for kids.


You know kids today with social media, And, Everything. They're looking AT things. And. Most things are not real. And They believe because they're looking AT something That. Look what everybody else has. And. I don't have It And. You get into this downward spiral. So putting these fitness centers in elementary, And middle schools, has been an incredible blessing. And, it's, it's, it's just to me, You know guys, I live in New York. we, I'm, I'm actually from here. I live in La And. When I go back home, I come back high because of the people That I meet. And You know, we read so much crap in the papers, And on TV about how divided we are.


And where I'm going. I'm talking about inner city, urban, suburban reservation schools. People with so little do so much And care. So much And, the communities are so incredibly beautiful. And. You see That, there's real love. I mean, it's, it's real. It's not make believe That how much They care And. You put this fitness center in a school, And It becomes the hub of the community. So I always say, let's not just get the kids And teachers working out. Let's get the moms And, dads, grandmas, grandpas, aunts, And, uncles in the fitness center too.


And, you'd be amazed to see what happens because academics, And, fitness go hand in hand. And, this upward spiral of success happens. Jake, Let me, let me ask you a question. know we, first of all, look, this is, this is my son, 20 years old. Oh man. Know, he, he doesn't play with fitness twice a day. The man in the house, he gets busy. Not the man in the house. He's my son. That's Man in the house, son. But that's why you're looking the way you look. Now, we, He gets, he gets busy. I can't work out with him. He does some, some crazy workouts. But I wanted to ask you. So I have a younger son know And. He wants to, he wants to look like his bigger brother. As far as the diesel And, all That AT. What age should kids be able to work out using weights? Right. Great question. Right now, I, just make him do You know pushups, pullups things.


That have no weight control. Because I always heard when kids use weights, And stunts their growth. Is there any truth to That? First Of all, that's a fallacy. That, back in the day, that's a lot. When I started training people, I was the first guy to do personal fitness training. And made It an occupation long time ago, 1980. But back then, people would say, if women used weights, They get big muscles. Which is not the case. 13 years old is a great age. 13 is age. But what you are saying know, envy, pushups, pull-ups, And dips. Those three exercises, those three strength exercises. You, you master those three. You could do anything in the gym, calisthenics, any exercise in the gym. And, it's, it's the greatest thing for you.


I mean the whole idea. It's not just about building bodies, but confidence And, self-esteem. And You. know what your son, what you guys like, what you're training. Now when you feel good, it's amazing to see what you can accomplish in your life. And You know you. You have millions of viewers, And listeners, every single day who struggle every single day with something. 'cause everybody's got something And. It's one step. It's one rep. It's one pushup. It's one sit up. It's one. Take a walk. You know And. You I promise you you'll start feeling better every single day. Do something. Do something. Move your body. Don't quit.


Now You know with people, Listen More I would say, That You know if you do the averages, there's a lot of overweight people in the World. What would you advise people to do as a start? As a start. Not nothing crazy. Just as a start to start getting theirself, Ready for their, their winter body You. know what I mean. What should They start doing? I've Eating. Here's where listen, Lauren's start. Do It. Right? We talk about stop. Stop eating Lauren, stop drinking. But You know. Can I do like skinny margaritas? No. I had to. That's skinny. Margaritas are better. Right? My wife likes skinny margaritas. So you just only one, not three, Lauren. I'm just saying She just but know, I'm just saying Lauren's looking. AT me Know You know.


You're not telling her nothing Wrong. You know. Okay, thank you. Where People start You know what It is. Here's where you start. Look in the mirror. Okay? Look in the mirror. Then go to your closet. Take a pair of pants or something. A dress or something. That you used to wear or wanna aspire to wearing And. Use That as your goal. Take the scale. Throw It out the window because muscle weighs three times More than fat And. Just get moving. Take a walk. Right? It's cold outside. So a couple of exercises in your house. That you can do. If you have a husband or a wife, you take a towel, right?


And, you can do bicep curls with a towel. If I could show you guys right now using the towel, tricep extensions, towel lat pulls with your husband, And, your wife know or your kids, right? Pushups off a chair. You could do dips off the bed, right? Biceps, triceps back. Don't make exercise a second job. Everybody's got a job or two. And is stressed out beyond belief. Don't make exercise one. That should be something That you can do simply by just getting started. Just getting started. Or go out. And, take a walk. And, you start feeling better.


Believing, right? The World lets you be what you make them believe you are. The World lets you be what you make them believe. You are people, Listen More right now. Have a dream, something They want to accomplish. Write It down, write It down. Write It down on a piece of paper, right? All of a sudden, when you write It down on a piece of paper, it's not out up here. It's on a piece of paper. You can read It. That's what this is all about. And. As You know Char, we talk a lot about Don't quit. I was cut from my eighth grade basketball team long time ago. And. It was a pretty devastating moment. We all have those moments. This kid's growing up know And. This, this kid gave me a poem called Don't Quit.


Now, I wasn't a student. I wasn't very good. AT school, And I probably for some reason. Why didn't I throw this poem away? Why didn't I just not even take a look? AT, It. I put It in my pocket. I got home. And That poem became a Bible verse to me, And, all these years later, the last two lines of the poem are stick to the fight. When your heart is hit, it's when things seem worse. That, you must not quit. Mm. Stick to the fight. When your hardest hit, it's when things seem worse. That, you must not quit. Don't quit on anything you started. Don't quit on your family. Don't quit on your friends. Don't quit on you. And. If you think about It, And be one step.


One rep leads to two And, three And, four And, five I. Stand up a little bit straighter. I'm feeling better about myself. I, look in the mirror. I could be proud of who I am, right? And, whether it's your kids, they're Getting.


Hey, I am Jay Shetty And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. We talk about guilt, shame, body image, And, huge life transformations. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. And the desperate part got me in a lot of trouble. I encouraged delusional dreamers Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. I just had such an anger. I was just so mad. AT life. Everything That wasn't right, was everybody's fault. But mine. I had such a victim mentality. I took zero accountability for anything in my life. I was the kid. That. If you ask what, what happened. I immediately started with Everything. But me, It took years for me to break That. Like years of work. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


On Thanksgiving day, 1999, a 5-year-old boy floated alone in the ocean. He had lost his mother trying to reach Florida from Cuba. He looked Like a little angel. I mean he looked so fresh. And his name Elian Gonzalez will make headlines everywhere. I Gonzal. Ian Gonzalez, AT. The heart of the story is a young boy And the question of who he belongs with. His father in Cuba. Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with Him or his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died trying to get you to Freedom. AT, the heart of It all is still this painful family separation. Something That as a Cuban You know all too. we listen to Chess Peace, the Elian Gonzalez story as part of the Michael Tura podcast network available on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming Up? Yes. I. See, so, but You can do That kind of spooky. Scary. We can, but it's also because it's a ride. know up. And down On It. But you're in It. You know. You know exactly. You're in the Spook I. Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise Know. If you haven't already figured It out. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such And, such from Across Town know From Across Town. My girl Across town know Across town You know a guy across town You know a guy, Readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost T Trees just yet. There's one More question which I promised myself. I would ask, can you drop That grunge album? I'm so mad. That I. Haven't Don That yet. But you don't have to be mad. You're in control. I am. But who do I drop It with? We should we start a label Maybe? Wow. Listen to Oscar DTAs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome To growing up the Lingo Kids podcast where we uncover all the awesome jobs you could do when you grow up. I'm Emily And. I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh, wait a second, this noise. Ah, that's Winston who always has some burning questions. What is It now pal? Hey, Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing, And, plenty More careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want. Be Lingo Kids. Grownup is now available on Story button, the Kid-friendly device for Screenless podcast. Listen More. Listen to grownup on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


This week, Charlemagne, the God sits down with Vice President Kamala Harris for a conversation you don't wanna miss. Listen, I feel very strongly. I need to earn every vote, which is I'm why I'm here having this candid conversation with you. And, your listeners, They, tackle the big questions. Politics, policy, And, what's next for the country? I am running to be a president for everybody. But I'm clear-eyed about the history. And, the disparities That exist for specific communities. And, I'm not gonna shy away from That. Don't miss this in-depth. INTERVIEW with Charlemagne. tha God And, vice president Kamala Harris. Only on The. Breakfast, Club. Catch the full INTERVIEW now on the Black Effect podcast network. iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Better in school. Their teachers are proud of them. Their parents are proud of them, right? They can look in the mirror. And, be proud of who, who They are. Because look, us I mean you guys are youngsters. But You know we gotta make this place better for our kids, right? We we gotta leave this place better. 'cause They got next. That's right, right? And as They go, this country goes And. There's a lot of crap going on. And. We need to show them the good And. Show them how They can take real control of their destiny. I. I wanted to ask you, what would you like to hear from the presidential candidates as far as addressing the lack of fitness programs in our school? Because I'm sitting there thinking about It in my lifetime. The only person I could think That ever tried to tackle That was Michelle Obama.


You know. That's It. And You know. No one talks about It know exercise. And music are the two things. They cut outta every school. First two things, They cut out music. And Fitness, That should be a daily protocol. It should be a daily protocol. Our kids today are heavier. They're lackluster. They got no there. There's no drive. Everybody's on their phones. We That, And, And. The fact That kids are not in sports activities anymore. When I was a kid. That's right. I was forced to play an activity. That's right. You know whether It was karate or It was swimming.


It was basketball. It was baseball or soccer. I was forced to. Right, which people don't understand is know you have a game every Sunday, but you practice two, three times a week. And. That's your cardio. That's It. That's exactly right. Kids aren't forced to do this stuff anymore. You know it's, oh, it's okay honey. Go on your phone. Play a game. They should, It should be mandated. And, I'm sure we can get I. Don't wanna get political on things, but I'm glad you brought It up s sha because that's really one of the main things in the World. I mean for our country. Our kids need to be strong, right? That's right. You know. Our kids need to be strong. If they're not, this country has got challenges.


That's right. When's the last time you ran Lauren? I'm just curious. Not to the liquor store. No to BevMo. It was Just no my fan. August, my family reunion. We do the S races. And the Relay races. And Act. Tulsa, August Ain't ran since August. God dang. Why else would I mean back October Else? Would I be running like just outside? Sprinting up. Exercise. Daily Exercise. So I was doing I do the treadmill. And the stair steps in my building. But like 30 minutes. But like I thought you meant like outside running. Like really out Like outside. No, But you're exercising. I do That Though. I mean you look great. So thank you. So I used to fly to be flight attendant And. That's when I started because I used to always feel so horrible on the planes. And, one of the older flight attendants told me like, even if you don't exercise, just go And. Do the treadmill.


And It helps you feel better when you are up in the air. And, you're standing for so long. So I started working from home a lot. And, I started feeling like I, I'm just eating And, sleeping. And, I do. I was doing the same thing. 'cause It gives you energy a bit. I'm not like a real exerciser. Don don't know all. No. Let ask you treadmill Don't mind about flying. know right know how good or bad is the food? Horrible. Horrible. Yes. The water is horrible in there too. The water. Know And the food. What do you, what do you recommend for people? I. Mean You know. You get on a plane. I'm gonna get on a plane tomorrow morning from la from from here. Back home to la. We are you, you flying Delta. That's the first thing. I Usually find Delta. I'm flying Jet Blue. Jet Blue.


Okay. know. So you all right Mint? Yes. Okay, so you'll have a better serving a bit. But I mean there's really no way around It. It's all like packaged And processed stuff. Unless you're gonna bring your own stuff. So bring your own stuff. Know, but you can only get certain things through. But that's kind of like the only way, What's the craziest thing you saw when you were flight attendant? I had a red emergency where we were landing because You know you gotta like, like really train to like get people right if something happens. So we had a ride emergency. We thought the plane was gonna, we were gonna hit the ground And. We were gonna catch on, fly our tires. So preparing for That in real time. And watching people. I was in a prairie seat. So I'm sitting facing the people, watching people think That, they're about to like go That was probably the craziest experience. I read And. That's why you're working here now We I was somewhere else after That, but know, no, after That, I was like, know I, gotta figure.


So I gotta get on up outta here. we The, the tire landed didn't Come down. Our know our landing gear wouldn't come down. So we flew to I. Think It was Tampa. We flew to a longer runway just to buy some time And. So They could like let go of the fuel. But even when we went down, you could feel It. And. I was just I text my mom. Now did you think That, the show was over. Oh Know you did I text My mom. And was like, mom, here's my flight number. Here's what's going on. Don't call my grandmother yet. I'm, if I don't call you when I land, she already had all the emergency contacts. And, I, just I just prayed. And was like And. People had To slide down the thing. No, we didn't have to. What? Your mom text back. She text back. Like, okay, Okay. She didn't text back. She didn't text back anything. She And. By the time she probably tried to I think we were like already on our way down.


I don't even remember. Everything just like went out. But when we got, when we landed, I had to get back on another plane. 'cause I had to get the, we had to get the people back to Atlanta. So we landed, They gave us like 20 minutes to get ourselves together. And. Then we got back up in the air to, did the landing gate come down? It did. Okay. It was rough, but It did. But you could literally feel like we were going down so fast. And, I. Remember this lady And, what happened? Now the complaint, the landing gear wouldn't come down. So, so They called us. And was like, Hey, What They Saying? They saying They. Do you do They? Y'all tell people Not right away. Because what's happening is, that's f up. Tell me the pilot talking me you talking about fitness. Like our training, we, we had to swim. We had to, we had to do so much stuff because we, What did you say when the pilots called And said the landing gear is not coming down.


I said, or okay, when do we tell the people And They. Were like, don't tell them yet. We're gonna fly to another, another strip. And, give us some More time to try And. Figure It out. But there's a lot. That goes wrong when you're flying And, the pilots figure It out. So I had confidence. That They. Were gonna figure It out. Oh, so This happens a lot Know. But once They started, once I heard them, the ding ding dings, the flight attendants know there's things Wait, Who's just can I get a timeout? This happens a lot. You a fitness guy though, you'll be all right. But what landing, like rolling And tumble or something. You can't do Nothing in a plane. Once The plane go down. I'm just speaking positively. I. So be three dings. That's a problem. It depends on It, depends on who you flying with. That don't be Listen, More, ding, dinging. Oh shit. No, It. Depends on who you flying with. But there's a code where we know like, okay, this is escalating.


So what's, What's the code? Could you tell us? Just, just between us? 'cause You know. 'cause it's just us here. It's a bell system. But It It changes different airlines. You with They probably updated I. I haven't flown in years. So, So when you were doing It was It Delta And. How many, how many Bells is like you fucked? It's Three I. Don't wanna, he did All this just to deflect from the fact she got a drinking problem. He brought It up. I told That whole story. He brought know, because you deflect from the fact doing no And, she got a drinking problem. You get free drinks in first class too. On, on Min. Right? know. See you get free drinks in first class you get free. But You know what Though? I don't know how we got there. It's a perfect way to sort of segue And end here is life is about moments. You know life is about moments. That's right. Right? Life is about moments. And, And, some are great.


And And, some are not so great. But this right here is a great moment being, being with you guys. And, And, And, I. Just gotta say this 'cause I do It all the time. When you guys have me on I, can't tell you much. I, appreciate It because your audience is so responsive to me. It with the positive messaging. And, it's amazing the power That. You guys have And You know You know It. But it's, it's always nice when someone else tells you how good you are. And. As opposed to you having to tell people how good you are. All praises Do to God. Thank You. All the power. We appreciate 'em so much. But you guys are, it's amazing how, how people listen. How They follow And.


How They support And, And, And. It's really amazing the community. That. You guys have built And. This is one of those great moments, man. And. Congrat. Thank Congratulations on Everything, man. And, thank you so much us. Thank, Thank you too. Jake, don't be a stranger. No I, love It. How do I reach you? we can an official body by Jake, Instagram. Somebody by official body, by Jake know. Let's, let's see if we get up, man. I, don't do the social media much, man, but I. I. I'm gonna start doing It right now. My son Luke is here. And. He's, he's, he's now a Hollywood guy. know? Oh, he's got a film festival coming up October 20th, a horror fest he's doing in la. He doesn't work Out with you. Director, actor, writer, know I could Okay know You don't work out with Pops.


Look, AT me, He's my youngest of four. He's my youngest. My daughter Morgan lives in London. I. Got two boys here in New York. Nick And. Zach And, Luke's my youngest, lives in LA with us. But I think he's gonna come here. Okay, I grew up here. I couldn't wait to go to la. All my kids, boom. Back To York. That's Right. we, you guys are awesome. Don't quit, Jake. Feel. Ladies, And Gentlemen, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. You want Me to wake That ass up in the morning? The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you Ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I? Think we have to let them in. In our little surprise know, if you haven't already figured, It out the Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers publicist, Katie's And finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Colis, yet listen to Lost Colis on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Julie Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And. We are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details. And, honestly, just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules, new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


On Thanksgiving Day, 1999, 5-year-old Cuban boy, Elian Gonzalez was found off the coast of Florida. And. The question was, should the boy go back to his father in Cuba? Mr Gonzalez wanted to go home. And. He wanted to take his son with him Or stay with his relatives in Miami. Imagine That, your mother died, trying to get you to freedom. Listen to Chef Peace, the Elian Gonzalez story on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Cheryl Swoopes And. I'm Tika Foster Raby And. On our new podcast, we're talking about the real obstacles women face day To day. Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women. And, T, And I have no problem going there. Listen to levels to this with Cheryll Swoop, And. Tika Foster Brisby, And, iHeart Women's Sports Production, And partnership with Deep Blue Sports, And Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, I, am Jay Shetty And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. I was A desperate delusional dreamer. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.