
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok at


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlemagne, the guy Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy's not in, but Lauren LaRosa is filling in for him. And we got royalty in the building, man. We have a woman who has represented, you know, black people, especially black women, correctly forever. Ms. Felicia Rashad is here. How are you, queen? I Am good. Good To see you. Thank you. I'm a little starstruck too. You And I do Emini here to keep staring at you. But I crazy. I cannot believe I'm sitting here across from you and Jade and like it. Whew. Because you, we've been watching you on tv. You always carry yourself in such a regal manner, but then when you walk in the room, you feel it even more.


It's like, whoa. I was telling them. All right, mama. Walking in the room. Straighten up. Okay. Clean up. Yes. Make sure everything tidy. All right. Yes. Do you have, And I know you have this effect everywhere you go, do, are you used to people acting like this? Oh, you all are. What Can I Just say? We are as a people respectful Yeah. To each other. Yes, yes, yes ma'am. Yes, we are. Yes we Are. But not the others. We are as a people. Gotcha. Respectful. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. And, and you are here for Emini here. We gonna talk to you about a lot of stuff. But you're making your Broadway directorial debut and purpose.


Yes. How did that feel? Well, it was wonderful. It's not the first time I've directed, this is the first time I'm directing in a Broadway theater. But this play and this cast, it's a real gift. I hope you'll come and see. Yes. Yeah. Yes. I'm, I hope you'll come and see Brandon Jacobs Jenkins is the playwright. He received the Tony Award last year for his play appropriate. And this particular production originates it Chicago at the Steppenwolf Theater. And the Steppenwolf has its own ethos, its own legacy for theater as it was formed by actors.


So it's ensemble work, and that's the best work, you know? Absolutely. Ensemble work. But then that spirit, I, I watched it move through the cast into everybody, the designers, the production office and staff, the theater staff, Emini here. We all it's, it's everybody. It's one. We call it collective intention. Mm. Yeah. When I think about the things that you and your, your, your sister have done, miss Debbie Allen. You know, I, I just wonder what did y'all dream of when y'all was kids, when y'all was just two little girls growing up.


Like what did y'all play about? What did y'all think about, what did y'all imagine? We, we grew up in Houston, Texas. Our father, Dr. Andrew a Allen's a dentist. Our mother Vivian Ayers is a poet. We grew up with a poet. We grew up with a visionary. And it was about freedom. It was about, pardon me? It was about realizing your full potential as a human being. Can you imagine things like this teaching dual children like this? She would teach us things like she'd have aphorisms and she'd give them to us to say, the universe bears no.


Ill, to me, I bear no ill to it. And we'd repeat that. The universe bears No, I, to me, I be, no, I to it. We just go around the universe. Fairs. No, I, to me, I be, when you teach a child like this, when you teach a child, be true, be beautiful, be free. She would say things like this to us, and she'd say things like, thinking requires thought. Thinking requires thought. We know he was saying, but these seeds were planted by the time I was 11 years old. Yes. Oh, Debbie.


Debbie was nine years old. And she said to my mother, I did dance classes and you're not doing a thing about it. And nine. Wow. Nine, you're not doing a thing about it. Wow. Well, you know, legal segregation at that time, my mother took the railing off the side of the stairs going upstairs. She took the handrail and had it attached to a wall in what was supposed to have been the dining room. And she hired this teacher who had come from the New York City ballet, a Caucasian man to come and teach Debbie in the house.


Her ballet classes were there. This is, this is, this is how we grew. We grew like this. And he gave Deborah a book about ballet with photographs of all the famous dancers. And we would look at that book all day, every day. My mother would take us to exhibitions, to lectures, things we couldn't understand. She knew we couldn't understand it. She told us later, I knew you wouldn't understand what was being said, but you were present and the seeds were being planted when we were growing up. She didn't want us scarred by the ignorance of racism.


And it was all around us. It was legal at that time. Yeah. But as little, little children, if there was somewhere we wanted to go and we were restricted, she'd explain it like this. She'd say, oh, well, that's a private club for members only. And we're not members of that club. And then she'd do something else. She'd invite all our friends into the living room. She'd teach us music. She'd teach us to tumble. She'd teach us things like this. She'd teach us choral speech. Yeah. And that's how we grew. And at that time, music education, this is very interesting.


In a time of legal segregation, music education was free. And in the schools, and the schools had instruments that students could use. I studied viola. Debbie played the bass violin, if you can believe it. The littlest thing in the school. They had to sit her up on a stool. They had to sit that child up on a stool. And her little fingers, her little hands couldn't, you know, a bass player usually have big hands. You should have seen Debbie up there. She never missed a beat. And she never played a sour note. She played that thing like she had created in herself.


This is how we grew. Yeah. We grew up in, surrounded by a community that cared for its children. And Emini here we were safe. Yeah. We were safe. We felt safe. We didn't, I, I, I didn't feel fear as a child. Our mother was a great example of that too. One night somebody tried to break in the house, and my mother was awake and she heard the clamor. She went out the back door and walked her way around to where this man was trying to come through the window.


And she stood right there. And she said, you could get arrested for that. You know, scared the bejesus out. He dropped everything And ran. We grew up to be fearless, but not to be stupid. Mm. Expound on that. Fearless, but not stupid. Well, Emini here, look, if you see a rattlesnake in front of you, come on. That's Right. That's right. Don't be stupid. That's right. That's right. That's right. If You see a car coming your way, don't be stupid. Absolutely. Absolutely. I love that. I love the story you just told. 'cause I, as you were talking about it, I'm like, man, how do you teach freedom to black kids in a country that wasn't providing you that freedom at the time?


I'll tell you how. I'll tell you how a poet, a visionary. Hmm. You have to look inside and you have to teach young people to look inside. There's nothing but freedom there. Mm. So much distraction today. Right. One thing and then another to make anybody, not just African American children, but anybody feel separate from its creation.


Separate from the one who created everything that is separate from one's own self in the midst of majesty, nature, in the midst of presence, distraction. Pay attention to that. You gonna be stealing your quotes for the rest of the month, every day on the show, A positive note. And Charlemagne is over there writing down everything and his mind. That's right. Ms. Michelle. He is going to be quoting you for the rest of the month.


I know It. Yeah. So you don't, you know, you, we, we knew history. You teach history, but you don't identify with the middle passage as who you are. That's not who you are. That's not who anyone is. That is what happened. But people survived that because of who We are As human beings. Right now, I'm just saying it right now. We need all the people. Yeah.


All the people. Yeah. That sense of community, you talking about growing up in Houston, you need that. You need to be able to teach kids freedom. You need to be able to instill security and safety in kids. And that can only come from, come from us, It comes from home. Mm. And in teaching, you know, you, it's shared with others. You know, children are not born into this world fearful. No human being is born into this world. Fearful or filled with hate. Nobody's born like that. You have to learn that stuff.


You know, there's a song. And from a Broadway show, you have to be carefully taught. Carefully taught well. You can be carefully taught the right way too. What was your mother's upbringing like? Because she seems like she was so still and so short of herself. And I'm sure she had, you know, experienced a lot. My mother grew up in Chester, South Carolina. A I'm from South Carolina. Oh, what part? I was born in Charleston, raised in a small town called Mos Corner. Oh, You the people? Yep. Okay. Gee, Gullah, You the people. Okay. So it was a small mill town. Right.


Her father was a blacksmith. One of his brothers was a mortician, and the other brother was a barber. And these businesses had been owned by her grandfather. It was an agricultural community. Right. But there was a school there that had been founded by the presbytery. There was such a number of such schools, pardon me, that had been founded by the presbytery for the descendants of freed African people throughout the south. This school was Brainerd Institute. And in this school, there was this classical education administered by black people.


My mother was always interested in music. Oh. She was quite the pianist. She's described herself to me once as saying she was a little girl, swinging high on the swing, looking up at the sky and dreaming big dreams. That's how she grew. Her mother passed away when she was, when my mother was nine. She lost her mother. And she said, as she sat at her mother's funeral and listened to the things that people were saying, she decided none of them were intelligent enough to tell her anything to do. She would chart her own course at nine.


At Nine, at nine. And she did. And she did. It was not an easy life, but there was this spirit in her living, in her burning in her that carried her through. Her first publication is Spice of Dawns. This is a collection of poems. Her second publication Hawk, if you read Hawk, you will understand how I grew. This is an inner journey. This is an allegory of freedom, which parallels flight through space without a vehicle.


It was published 11 weeks before the launch of Sputnik one. Mm. Wow. What, what'd you learn from your, your father? 'cause you said he was a dentist. So, Oh, my father, my father was born on the back porch of a farm in Lovedale, Louisiana. He was one of nine children. His father worked on the railroad. He was a fireman on the South Pacific Railroad. And his mother, you know, was housekeeping. Right. My grandfather put great emphasis on education, and he made sure that all of his children went to college.


Imagine it. Mm. Especially in that time. Imagine it. So my father was a very kind and generous man. He was what was called a man's man. Men loved him and trusted him. He was always the treasurer of the Dental Association because they said, if Tex takes care of the money, we, we are in good shape. He was organized, he was very clean. He loved music. He loved theater. He loved the arts. He came to see any and everything we did, whatever it was.


He was very supportive. He was, He, He was so handsome. He was so handsome. And he was so good. He did things that people didn't know he did. He was like that. And in his office, he dealt with people's pain and anxiety every day. And they came to him and trusted him. And when they couldn't pay, he'd work out a payment plan for them that was convenient for them.


They didn't have to go anywhere and incur interest rates. He would work that out for him. When my father passed away at his viewing, the line stretched out of the mortuary. Wow. Wow. All the way down the street. Wow. All the way around the block. Mm. And when the last person came, he said, he looked at him, he said, you don't understand. You don't understand. That's my dentist. And that motorcade, as I remember, that motorcade on the way to the cemetery, stretched as far as the eye could see.


He was so beloved. Thank you, Joe. Thank you. So That's why I asked, just because, you know, when you look, like I said, you know, you ra you look at Felicia Rashad and Debbie Allen, two strong queens. Somebody had to raise them. Somebody had to instill that in them. And as a father raising four beautiful black girls, you know, I'm just always thinking about, you know, what should me and my wife be instilling in them all the time, just so they grow up to be strong black women When you love them. That's what my mom says all the time. Just Love when you love them. That's all you know. My father, if I can remember one great instruction, my father gave me two great instructions, he said, And I was a little girl.


He said, never let anybody run over you. I was five years old and he told me that, never let anyone run over you. And then later on in life, he said, always know the balance of your bank account and keep your own money. Yeah. What can you tell us about the story without spoiling it, you know, the, the Broadway, but what can you tell us about the story of purpose without giving it all away? I know you don't want to. Oh, this is wonderful. Family, family drama.


And there's humor in it. A a young man is recalling a visit to his home. And on this night of nights, so much happens in one night and so much is revealed in one night and some things are resolved. It's, that's all I'm gonna tell you. Okay. Okay. Except to tell you that cast Harry Lennox.


Mm. Okay. Latonya Richardson Jackson. Okay. Glen Glen Davis, Alana Arenas, and John Michael Hill is the most, it's the most incredible ensemble that I've ever witnessed. Each one is a master. Each one. And the inimitable. Kara Young, who was Luie Bell in Pearly Victoria last season, that's our cast.


People come at the end of the play and have various reactions. One woman said, Ooh, that scene at the dining room table, Ooh, that was my family's Thanksgiving for the past five years. Zero. Relatable. Right. And she was not an African American woman. Wow. People see themselves, and that's when we know we are really doing our best work. Yeah. When you see yourself, oh, I was gonna say, speaking of doing your best work, I think, you know, for a lot of us in watching you on television, the iconic role of Claire Huxtable. Mm. And just what that image of, you know, having a mom that was just so graceful, and so like everything that you were in that show do you like in real life, is there ever pressure or was there at the time for you to like, upkeep?


Like a, a certain, like, I don't know, like a image or like, just anything that people try to, in my house? No, like, so not in your house, but like in real life, like in Hollywood and other roles you were taking and like, you know what Emini here. Like, did you ever feel like, 'cause I think for us, like you were like the perfect like image of like black, black woman. Like, so I always wondered if you felt that pressure. No. Light is not heavy carry light. She, light, light is not heavy. Even in, even in interviews. But I, I understand what you're saying. I even in interviews back then, you would still have the same deposition, the same grace when, you know, outside of that role, I'm gonna tell you the one that sticks with me when you told Sandra's boyfriend Elvin Elvin, that is iconic.


And then when Vanessa wanted to go to Baltimore, where I'm from Wretch, you see the wretched Oh my God. When I tell you those are my two like key episodes. Right? Well, yeah, because I'm from Baltimore And I done snuck out the house And I done, you know, I done done all that and Yeah. You ain't knocked Vanessa out? I got knocked out a few times, but, Well, she almost did, but hit Cliff held her back. Well, Yes. Yes. Right. That's right. That's it. That's it. Also, I also wanna bring up the movie Beekeeper. Oh. Oh my God. How is that working with Jason Statham? Oh, the movie. He's, he's such a good person. Yeah.


Oh yeah. Oh, okay. So generous, so kind, Amazing. To a fault. You know, that was a great experience. That was a great movie. Because it also like talks to what's going on these days. Like it is, so I know y'all two probably didn't see it. So The Beekeeper is a movie about an older woman who is robbed of her, her retirement funds, everything cleared, all her bank accounts, fraud, a lot of fraud. She took a phone call from this company that acted as if they were trying to like, help her with some type of banking information. And, and she like, kind of fell for it and ended up now and beekeeper did.


Is this the question I always have? Did the woman kill herself or did She killed herself? Not because she lost her money. It was other people's money she lost. Mm, Okay. And do you know that maybe six months after that filming I read of such a thing in the newspaper. Oh Wow. Oh wow. Yeah. Only this was a man. Yeah. And he was so embarrassed. He killed himself. Took his Own, right. Yeah. But the, the, the, the greater problem here is access. Yes. Yeah. So much access to people. Is all of that necessary?


Is it good? No. No, it's not. I don't think so. No, ma'am. No, it's not. And as we see it moving towards more access, I gotta think about that. Yeah. How do You, oh, oh, go ahead. How do you now a days like, 'cause Emini here, you obviously pick and choose what you wanna do, what your roles like. I watched you and Dre from Detroit And I, I like the, the one scene y'all are in the car and you were talking about the temptation. Oh Yeah. That she slept with the temptations. Yeah. All Of 'em. She, I'm tell you right now, I felt bad watching that. I'm like, I don't think I was supposed to hear her say something that I thought that was, That was a cat. I Say that, yes, but It's, You know what's so funny though?


The first time I saw saw, I saw the clips. They didn't tell me it was from a, a TV show. Oh. Thought like what the police watch. I said, what? He thought that you Were up here like really reflecting on your life. I said, damn shit slapped Claire Ho was slept with all the temptations. No, no, no. That was the character darling. That was a character. As actors, we play these roles. That's right. When you choose a character like that where it's like, it's a lot different than how we've seen you or how I've seen you anyway, and different things that you've done, what's your thinking behind it? Is it because you wanna, you want people to see you in the different lights? Or is it just, I just wanna do it? Did you See what she was doing? Yes. That's why I chose the character because of what she was doing.


Yeah. See people get all caught up in funny stuff. Yeah. What was that woman doing? She was rescuing people. Yeah. She was rescuing people. She was living with the deepest hurt that a mother can have. That she lost her child because she was not paying attention. Hmm. And in her heart, she felt that her child was alive somewhere. And this is years later. Right. But just in a moment of being too tired and too annoyed and too distracted and wanting to do something else, she turned away. And in that instant, her child was taken from her.


Hmm. Yeah. And so she said about saving people. She went on saving people, hoping one day somebody would save her son. So I choose people because I choose a character 'cause of what people are doing. Yeah. Gotcha. I wanna go back to something Jess said when she brought up the, the, the, the, the Elvin scene. Right. Because that was a, a role when, well, when you schooled Elvin on, I guess the marital, the marital role, how much input did you have on that scene? And what were you trying to convey when you saw it on paper? What did you say to yourself? Oh, I know what I can do in this scene to convey a larger message. Oh,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, If you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate, even in my household, I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate. Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


I didn't say anything. I just said the CI just said the lines. Oh, so it was just as is. It was there. Oh wow. It was there, but it was the way you deliver it, you know? So you was like battle rapping. What? Right. Anytime, anywhere. It was so good. I thought it was improv, you know, it was, this is, this is a part of your training as an actor language and how you use it, you know, and there's rhythm and there's pace. And so much is conveyed in that way. If you said it another way, it wouldn't be as effective. Yeah. M if you tried to say it like you were singing the ladies No, it wouldn't work.


No, it wouldn't hit Black Mama nor wouldn't. What Were in writers' rooms like though, because it felt like a black experience. Were they black writers, white writers, Emini here. What were those writers rooms like? A Combination. Okay. The thing was to write a human story. To write about human behavior. The truth of human behavior. Yeah. That's what makes comedy and theater real. The truth of human behavior. You don't have to make something up if you're writing about something that's real. Right. You can take a different perspective on it and your skills as a writer, you know, show up in your language or your, you know, those things that writers do.


Yeah. Yeah. What do you do to channel roles? Like your role in Fall from Grace, like when you're the villain, what do you do to channel those roles? Everybody's a human being, right? Yeah. Okay. She's just a nasty human being that this is a person who is sick. Her whole perspective is warped. You've got to be sick to mistreat another person. Yes. I'm sorry. You cannot be sane and do hurtful things to people. You just, a sane person won't do that.


Do you agree? A hundred percent. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. That's why they, one of the four agreements is, you know, don't, don't take offense to things. Don't take things personal because what you do, what somebody does to you is not a reflection of you. It's something that's going on internally with them, with them. It's hard that, you know, to put yourself in that position, but you really gotta know that. Yeah. Sometimes you wanna just clutch somebody. That's right. Shake 'em Real good. My daddy used to say, you'll stop taking everything personal. Personal once you realize that it's a bunch of people out here on cocaine. Whoa. It's kind. True. Whoa. What he saying? It's kind of true. It's like, yo people out here doing all types of stuff that you have no idea about. Where Was your father from? Monks Corner, South Carolina. Yeah. All my family's from South Carolina.


Mama, daddy, everybody. Don't you Just love It. Oh, it's the best. Because you know, it's like, if you ever been to the International African American Museum. Oh, you were there. I'm plugging. Yes. You were there for the grand opening. Yep. I didn't get to meet you. I wanted to meet you. I was on the other side, but yeah, it it is, it is right there on the port where like, I think 50% of all enslaved Africans came through. Yeah. So that's like home for a lot of us. Yeah. And don't know. That's Right. And don't know. Another thing I wanted to ask you about when you ran down on Vanessa, who or what were you channeling in that moment? 'cause I'm sure you, I'm sure you and your sister snuck out the house a couple times and mama had to get on you. You never snuck out. They had to sneak. Yeah, I didn't have to sneak.


Oh, okay. Yeah, it was good. I didn't have to, but it was good not to have to do that. Mm. Yeah. You know, sometimes we might have stayed a little too long. Right, right. But we didn't have to sneak. It was, it was, it was fun. It was, you know, it was just, you are an actor and you understand human behavior. You understand feelings. It's, it's the way you develop yourself. This is the craft. This is what we do. And I guess if you do it in a certain way, people think it's you. Yes. That's why they can't see you playing a role like in a fall from Grace. They're like, what? Miss Rashad is a villain.


No, she was. Right. Right. Exactly. We have to detach the, The, the actress from the character. Oh yeah. You know, and as an artist, you don't want to sing the same song or play the same tune Yeah. Forever. That's right. You don't wanna paint the same picture forever. You've got a paint box. You want to use those paints and do a different scene sometimes because you have range. Well, yeah. And you want to express humanity in whatever you do. At least I do. You know, you can't. You can't. Okay. I was gonna say your time at, at Howard.


I'm A-H-B-C-U grad. I went to Delaware State. Have you ever heard of it? Yes. Wow. Get 'em together please. Thank you. Next. Exactly Right. But the freedom that you were talking about earlier, I remember like I was raised in a household where my mom was very much like that. But going to A-H-B-C-U, I remember that being the first time where I was like, okay, The World like really needs me. And it was because of like teachers and, and counselors and stuff that kind of had the same spirit that you have. I wonder like for you, what was like one of your favorite things about walking on campus every day with those students? As the dean? Hmm. As the dean. Ooh. Walking on campus, everywhere I looked, I was reminded of my time there as a student.


Mm. And I was reminded of my friends And I was reminded of the things that we did and the time in which we were living as students. It was an important time. Dr. King was assassinated in my sophomore year. Wow. Yeah. I watched these things happen. So much unfolded on that campus. I remember when Muhammad Ali came and spoke on the steps of Frederick Douglas Hall. And I remember him standing there and he said, look at me.


Can't you see that I'm free? And you could. They were great people. They were great. Oh, the instructors, when I tell you about instructors I had at Howard University, you know Yeah. They feel, they pour into like, you never forget that. Like they pour into you in a different way. And they're so well developed. They are deep. They are deep. So there was a time, you know, I'll just reference it back to my father's area. Dentistry. There was a time when African Americans were trained, could be trained at Harvard, but they wouldn't hire them to teach.


So these people who were trained in these great quote, great institutions, went to HBCUs to teach. Mm. You were receiving that education there. Yeah. That discipline, those demands. They were serious about it. They were so serious about it. There was, there was an instructor at Howard down in medical school, Dr. Montague j Cobb. They talked about this man. He was legendary. My father's friend said, oh no, you don't understand if we fail the test, he would say, meet me in the lab tonight.


Mm. And they'd all show up in the lab and while they were going around doing what they were supposed to be doing, he would pull out his viola and play as he walked up and down the aisle. Mm. And my father's friend said, you wanted him to play that viola because that meant that he was pleased with what you were doing. Wow. Emini here it came, you know, people, we came through in a time that we should remember. I feel like that's a level of village. I don't know if we have anymore. Well, we can have it if we want it, and we can expand it. We can expand it to include our Hispanic family. We can expand it to include our Asian family. We can expand it to include our Caucasian family.


We can expand it because we need all the people. Yeah. That's a line from August. Wilson's play Jim of the Ocean. Aunt Esta. Whew. Esta says, I'm gonna show you what happened when all the people call on God in the one voice. God got beautiful splendors and God got room for everybody. Were you, when you, when you decided not to return back to Howard, did you feel like you didn't return because your work was done there? Or was it just like a personal decision? 'cause like business reasons. Like, I just feel like people like you was like, we need you on campuses every day.


But I know it's, it's probably, it's a lot to do all at once. But like what was that like for you? That decision not to go back? Well, I will always be connected. I'll always be connected to Howard University. As a matter of fact, next week I will be in Washington DC for the one night only reading of Chadwick a Bozeman's deep Azure. He wrote, he wrote that. Right. He wrote that. So he was one of my students early, early on. Wow. When Al Freeman Jr. Invited me to come and teach for a semester. So we were in the studio doing the show Monday through Thursday and Friday morning I'd get up and fly down and I'd teach.


Mm. And he was one of my students. Kelechi, Susan Kelechi Watson was one of the students. Camilla Forbes, one of the students. Wow. He was, he was fearless. He was brave. South Carolina. South Carolina Anderson. And he was also very respectful. This's. Why? I say as a people, we are respectful people. Yeah. We are natural, you know. So anyway, he kept in contact with me. And after he had graduated, one day I received this call. I'm sending you something. Ms. Rashad, he would always call me that.


Sending you something. Ms. Rashad, even after he had attained fame and notoriety, he still called me Miss Rashan always. So I said, okay. And what he sent was a copy of this script that he had written. Hip hop theater. Hip hop theater was born on the campus of Howard University. And he was one of the progenitors. Mm. He was one of the innovators. It's, how can I say, hip hop language and rhythm through the voice and experience of a classically trained actor. It is grand.


Wow. That's like the essence of A-H-B-C-U. Like I, when you saying it's like, oh, okay. That's what it's like when you go to like the calf or like you in the parties or you, it's, it's literally like, everybody is so like astute, but like you, it's a vibe. Like you can't describe it. You gotta just be there. And it's real. It's real. And people are taking their education seriously. Right. But now with this AI business, I don't know, children try not to write their own papers and try to do this, what do they call it? This chat thing. And, And I, who, excuse me for stammering, but it puts me at a loss for words. Like, darling, don't you understand why you're here now, if you wanted to do that, you could stay home.


You, you should stay home. 'cause you're taking up room that somebody else could be occupying who really wants to do the work. Yeah. Who really wants to develop. What about your intellect, baby? Do you have no care or thought for your intellect for expanding that? What what about that? What about your worldview, darling? Do you not care for that? Oh, okay. You going to give that to the chat too? All right, well, let's see where you land. Let's see where you end up. So purpose the play. Yes. One of the things that's said in this play by the patriarch, he said he feels, he feels that he has lost a communion with God.


He said the ancestors were in such close communion with God and his creation. They knew how to do things and how to take care of things. He says. And I think that I have, I think that we all have lost that. He says, well, maybe it's old age, I don't know. But he says he is very interested in the things we used to do. Yeah. Back home, down in the country. Fishing and hunting and beekeeping and growing. You know, I was shocked. Shocked to know that there are children who don't understand that french fries come from potatoes that are grown in the ground.


Those wasn't the children at Howard, was it? No. Okay, great. But I'm, But I'm shocked, but I'm shocked to know. I, I'm shocked to know from two pediatricians in two different cities. Right. They have books, you know, in their waiting rooms for the young children. Young children come in and pick up a book and try to scan it because the parents aren't giving them books. They're giving them these little things, tablets, these, these things. Yeah. It's like, so, so here we go back to parenting. You gonna leave that in the hands of somebody else? That's right. That's right. And think it's gonna come out right.


I don't think so. The dramatic pause, I don't know if this is a dramatic pause that you be stopping. That's why I be just like, yeah, I don And I And I don't never know when it's time to ask another question. Because Did you always speaking a dramatic pause or you, you calling it a dramatic pause? But no, I'm trying to figure out, sometimes it's dramatic pause, but then sometimes you really are done. So I'm just trying to figure it out. She's taking her time to speak. Yes. Yes. We in conversation. That's right. That's right. That's Right. That's right. You The, I had a question about the deep Azure. Yeah. So the proceeds from the one night only are going back to the College of Fine Arts. At Howard Chad. At Chad. Chad College. Chad Gabe Fine Arts. Yes. What, like today, if Chadwick could see kind of like, you know, how the final product has come along and everybody that's involved you, like, what would his sentiments be like?


How happy would he be to see all of this coming to fruition from that first phone call that you guys had about It? I'll tell you, his wife is very happy and his producing partner who was his best friend in college, they're very happy. Mm. And I'm very happy. Yeah. Because it's happening and it's happening with a great cast of actors. I don't know if you have that list. I can look it up. Mm. I don't know if we have the list. You wanna look it up, Lauren? Yeah, I got it. Oh, You should look that up. Hmm. It's, it's Isaiah Johnson. Yes. Amber Iman. Who plays Azure? Greg Alvarez. Reed plays Tone.


Joshua Boone plays Rashad. Yeah. Lauren Banks. The street Knowledge. Good. Yeah. I'm gonna mess this one up. Ola, as she said. What, what'd you say? Adeila. Okay. I knew I was gonna mess that one up. I'm sorry. Adeila is the street Knowledge evil. Jess Washington is stage directions. What am my list? These are All professionals. Yes. And God, we're so honored. Hmm. We're so honored. And our, and our, our honorary host committee, Emini here, you know who's on that?


I can look It up. Look it up and see Emini here. These are people supporting this. So the honorary host committee, Ryan Coogler is the honorary chair. Wow. Common. Susan Kalichi, Watson, Don, cto, tan Coates. Tahi, I'm sorry. Tanah, Hasse Coates. Camilla Forbes, Reginald Hulin, Kenny Leon and Terrell. Alvin Maccray. That's like the black Avengers, right? Yes. Like That's A whole Nother Universe right there. It's all to support his legacy. Amazing. Yeah. To support his legacy. Chadwick was, he was really amazing.


Chadwick was a, an actor. Yes. Chadwick was a writer. Chadwick was a director. Chadwick was a scholar. He studied many things, the etymology of words. Oh. He was deep into that. Into names and the meanings of them. He studied the Bible. Not to bible thump, but to understand its origins really. And its deeper meanings. And then he combined all of that with, you know, I hate to say it like this, but I'll say it like this, with African cosmology.


Why do I hate to say it like that? Because Africa's a huge continent and it is not a monolithic proposition. Right, right. But there is a certain ethos that runs through all. He was brilliant. Very, he was brilliant. There was nobody else to play Ba Black Panther, but Chadwick See how big we got him on the, on the door. That's right. Oh yeah. And you know, he, what he really cared about, he called me one day, and this was after graduation. He was living in New York and he was so excited. And he wanted me to know what he was doing and to come and see.


And I was thinking, okay, now let's see what premier is this? What film is this? What play is this? It was none of that. He was working with young people in the Schaumburg Library. Wow. And he was so excited about that. Wow. Yeah. That amazing. That's who he was. You know, you came up in an era, miss Rashad, where, where dignity and grace were everything. So do you ever look at how wild Hollywood is now? And you just think to yourself, boy, y'all you'all got it easy. Y'all, y'all wouldn't have got away with that my day. Yeah. I don you have a look at Hollywood.


I could look at the way young ladies dress. I knew I should have What's the mother pants? You got your hair. I'm not talking about that. I'm Talking about knees. I'm talking their elbow Shoulder over here. You know, you want my coat. The Young ladies are so beautiful. They're so beautiful. And something has happened in popular culture. You know, And I, And I don't mean to be critical, And I hope young ladies listening, don't take this as personal criticism. 'cause I don't mean it that way, but your young queens beautiful and smart and brilliant and bright.


And it really, I know I'm taken aback when I see on a college campus, young women dressed in strips of clothing Emini here, male instructors don't like it. But more importantly than that, and you correct me if I'm wrong, sir, no man wants his woman to be out like that. Right? No. I grew up on method Man saying wearing three fourths of cloth that was showing your stuff off.


Boo. But not only that, we, you know, it's like there's today's designers Emini here. There's ways, you know, there's there, there are other things. And I just Leave something to the imagination. Yeah. It would be nice. Some Things are for my eyes only, you know? Yep. And like you said, there Are ways of being sexy without showing So much. Please. And that's really not sexy Emini here. One of the most sexiest, most beautiful pictures is you, I, I forgot what year it was, but you got on like a basketball jersey And Like, like some jeans, you eating some popcorn. That is, that's an iconic picture. Is it The White Jersey?


Yes. That that was, yeah. That we, that is Picture, that's, that is the epitome of sexy. Oh wow. It's, it's, I think it has to do with, I think it has a lot to do with what they're, what they see, what they're emulating, what they see. Yeah. See, we, we grew up in a time where, you know, the, the singers, these ladies were dressed down, these women, they were wearing robes and gowns and dew. Right? Yes, ma'am. Well, it's a little different today. Yeah. So they're really just emulating what they see.


That photo was from 1987. 1987 Madison Square Garden. Was It Harlem Globe trial? Charlie? It was, yeah. It was. You know the picture I'm talking about? Yes. Mr. S right here, right? Yes. Popcorn. Oh yes. Do you remember that Next? Yes. I Remember what you was doing. I was there with Malcolm Jamal Warner. Congratulations. Oh, wow. Good. All us to be here before you got here. Yes. Congratulations. Oh My, you know, on your direct tour, you gotta give you icons they flowers and celebrate them while they still here. Oh, absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Whoa. Got her balloon. Got flowers. We don't never do that for nobody. Here.


Give beautiful flowers. Flowers. You, you've been so gracious with your time. So I, I just got a couple more questions. What, what's a lesson you learned way too late in life that you wish you figured out sooner and you would teach to the next generation? Now this is gonna sound weird to you. After everything I've told you, the lesson that I learned later in life was that I'm enough As a young girl growing up, you know, and young girls go through this, you'll know. Yes.


You go through a period where you feel like, because, and it's because you're looking outside yourself. You compare yourself to everyone else. You see. And you're not enough because you don't dress like that one. Or you don't have hair like that one. Or you don't have legs like that one. Or you can think of any number of things young girls go through. This kind of thing usually happens around adolescence where you feel like you're not enough.


Part of that had to do with my mother being so beautiful, my father being so handsome, my sister being so cute, my brother being so whatever. And I just thought, well, when I was born, the Lord was doing something else. You, I'm serious. I'm What age was this that you felt like that at? You said, When I was, when I was young. When I was, oh, 10, 11, 12. And you, you, and that's a subtle thing that you'll carry with you until you look inside yourself and you start looking inside yourself and that thinking vanishes and goes away.


Because it is only when we look inside ourselves that we see what beauty really is. So when did you get to that place of war? When did I get to that place? Yeah. I think I was about 30, I wanna say I was about 34, 35 years old. Wow. And now I look back at those pictures of myself And I say, why'd you feel like that?


Yes. Yeah. The mind. Oh yeah, the mind. That's why it's important to teach young people to look inside the mind, the state of mind. And there's too much going on right now that's so distracting for them. I don't know how young people feel if they listen to news reports today. Mm. They, they can't feel empowered, feel hopeless. It's not meant to do that for us. Yeah. For anybody. But it never has though. Emini here, they always say, if it bleeds, it leads. Like they, especially for black people, it never would telling us anything to make us feel uplifted and empowered.


All of humanity is in the same boat, my friend. Nobody feels empowered by that. Not really. I was taught a very great thing or heard a very great thing from a great being some years ago. Make yourself great by making others greater. And that's what I would teach a young person. Make yourself great by making others greater. Yes ma'am. Well, thank you. Not just for the interview, but for your career of things.


Thank you. Just thank you for being you, Mr. Like you, you know, I, it is not every day you get to meet people that you, you know, you, you grew up on and watch and you know, said to yourself, man, that person right there is a pillar of our community and what we need to be as a people. And then you meet 'em and you're just as gracious and regal in person. So yeah, just thank you, thank you to your mother and your father for raising such a beautiful, strong woman. Thank you. And I hope I can do the same for my daughters. I think you are. I think when they look at you, they know that they're loved and they're protected. That's all they need. Absolutely. Absolutely.


Make sure y'all go check out purpose. It's running through on Broadway through July 6th. It is. Queen Felicia Rashad, thank you for joining us. Yes ma'am. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down the all new Nissan Murano is your stress, stress-free getaway? Because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv. Scream now pay never.