
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Piece Of the planet Charlemagne Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars In the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. We have Pastor Jamal O'Brien.


Welcome brother. Thank you sir. Good to be with y'all. How you feeling this morning? Feel great. Feeling good. You Flew in this I flew in last night. Oh, Wow. Wow. Okay. Okay. Right after this service. Right after service. Yeah. I was too scared. I was going to be delayed. Delta got a whole lot going on right now, so I came in last night. Better safe than sorry. You know, you you, one of the people who you, you actually used social media to spread the word Yeah. And spread what you're doing in a, in a, in a, in a, in a great way. When did you realize that you had to start doing that? I think culture made it, the culture changes every four years. Church culture changes every 20. So the average church is 15 years behind schedule. So to reach a younger demographic, I knew I had to hear that.


Most churches charlamagne broadcast on Facebook. Most young people are on TikTok. So it's a great disconnect. So social media really is that bridge to make the church relevant to a generation that's disconnected. And church Culture, you said church culture changes every 20 years. Yeah. What, what's that look like? I don't, Well, by virtue of the fact that we're always running behind, so the average black church wouldn't even know what AI is. Yeah. You have to think. Most churches didn't even stream till the pandemic. 3000, 3045 churches closed in the pandemic simply because they didn't have online giving. Wow. They still passing a plate and writing checks and don't know how to download.


So a lot of our churches have gotta really run up to speed. Wow. And how is that with the old congregation, the older congregation and the younger congregation with the TikTok and Facebook mesh? Right. It it is really a changing of the guard. Right. That church, what was our grandmother's church with funeral home fans and fried chicken downstairs. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Has shifted. And the newer generation may not come to a physical building. They may just stream. So those who are in the old church said, oh, you ain't really doing it if you ain't in the building when we do everything online. Mm. So to say that you're not really connected to God 'cause you're streaming and not sitting on the pew, is a disconnect of what the culture is and where we're going.


What's your Emini here? I know you get, you always get people that love you or Yeah. Or don't love you. Yeah. So you probably used to this, but what's your motto every day when you're like, okay, I'm gonna get up, I'm gonna say something that people probably won't touch. Yeah. Like what's that motivating factor? 'cause sometimes like I think pastors stay away from stuff because they don't want controversy. 'cause they think controversy means that God is not within the house anymore. Yeah. There's a incredible book called The Carriage to be disliked is a whole lot of people always live for other people's affirmation. John Maxwell said, if you want to be like, sell ice cream, that's right. But if you, if you add sprinkle, somebody gonna be allergic to it. Mm. And so I think that the call to be great and the call to make a difference is realizing that you're gonna go outside of the culture.


When Dr. King was killed, his popularity was at its lowest. But now everybody got street signs and t-shirts and a lot of times people don't recognize your greatness until after you make the impact. Maha Na Gandhi said First they laugh at you, then they try to kill you. Then they try to copy what you did. And so once you find out how to be a frontiersman and to make that difference, it'll really free you from other people's opinion. I wanted to ask one one more back to the church question. Is a physical church necessarily needed? Right. And the reason I ask that is, is you talk about the amount of people that do stream, right? Yeah. It's, it's difficult to get out if you have a bunch of kids and everything that's going on in this world, people are scared.


Is it a physical church needed now? Absolutely. It is the power of unity. There was a article a couple of weeks ago how social media has made this the loneliest age. Hmm. So people are connected online, but disconnected from people. So a lot of people are depressed. A lot of people have anxiety, a lot of people have sleep disorder. A lot of people are confronting mental illness. But online everything is up and we stuck. But I think that that sense of community, that sense of connectedness is still necessary. Before, before we get into the target fast, I wanna talk about Jesse Waters from Fox News, right? Yes. Jesse Waters said you was racist. Yes. Because you criticized black people who went to the White House for the Black History Month program.


Right. What do you, what do you say to that? That he clearly doesn't know what racism is? 'cause I wasn't talking about white people. I I was talking about black people who having an identity crisis who were in there cheering for Black History Month under an administration that wants to make it illegal. No federal agency could honor Black History Month. So for them to have a program was absolutely crazy. And all the more they raised up my picture, Charlemagne, after announcing who was the new FBI director. So for your own people to do that to you? I was calling them out. I don't know why he would call that racism as much as it was exposure.


Black people don't have the capacity to be racist. Oh, I, I wonder why they did hold your a picture up in the White House Like three of 'em. Charlamagne, you've been to the White House? No, I ain't. No way. Yeah. You've been to the White House? No, I never. In your life you Say he not going there. You Don't Never under nobody. No. Oh wow. Been to the Vice President House. Huh? I've been to the Vice President. Huh? Yeah. Well listen under Kamala, Let, let's take the Vice President house. Okay. You're not going into Vice President's house with a picture or a sign. No. Holding up, no stick. You barely can get a backpack in there. So for them to have three pictures of me in the East Wing is absolutely crazy. Yeah. And I don't know. Jasmine Crockett is up there. Hakeem Jeffries is up there. C clap on is up there. Why Put my picture up?


So I think it was a targeted attack. And so for them to assume I wasn't gonna say anything was outlandish. You did call him the spooks who sat by the door though. Yes. But that's a good thing. Yeah. To be a spook sat by the door. Yeah. In the context of the book, What's funny in Charlemagne, none of them Negroes read it. So they didn't even know what I was talking About until I also caught 'em as a Runaway slave. Yeah. That was the one they got, which is a good thing. That's Right. That's right. And they didn't even understand the context of it. 'cause they're lost in their own misery of delusion. You Damn. You also said you reminded them that you ain't never scared. Yes. You reminded them, you from the west side of Baltimore. Yes. And you told 'em they got a problem pull up on you. Has anybody reached out to you to have that conversation or whatever that pull up you thought was gonna be?


No, they made videos. They, they don't have none of that in them. This was the society, this was the fraternity of Colton Banks. None of them. None of them got that kind of DNA in them. So they all went on and did the social media posts. I don't even know if they knew what that meant. They needed a a hood interpreter. A hood whisperer to tell them what it is that that meant. But they're so lost that they have that access to the president and didn't champion any of the needs of their own community. So while they're there celebrating Black History Month, they should have said to 'em, Hey, if we're gonna celebrate it, we can't ban the books that record it.


Right. If we're gonna celebrate it, then we can't penalize the public schools that want to teach it or fire the instructors who are really ambassadors for it. For them to have that access and that opportunity. And not in the words of Bishop Jakes maximized the moment was just a waste. You from Baltimore. How come you don't say church? Pew? Did you Alyssa tell everybody from Baltimore don't have that slang? No, They do they be all saying It? Oh yeah. No, I'm local and global. Okay. So I, I got out. Okay. You got out. But it's still, its Me period. Oh yeah. It's a half and half with wings, period. No, I got it all day long. I'm, I'm Baltimore through and through, but I spent time in Bal in Atlanta.


I went to Morehouse, then I went to Duke for grad school and then I went back to Baltimore. Got you. And what's your relationship like with the black pastors who were also working with President Trump? 'cause I know you called them out before too. Yeah. It was on their top. So is there, like, is there, is there a working relationship? Because I think you do make points that people should listen to and they're there. Yes. No, It is Nikki Giovanni's ego tripping. A lot of people miss what the assignment is because they want the proximity of power without even really having the real access of it. And so it's gotta go beyond what is the photo app or a handshake to say, oh, I know the president, but now that you know him, what are you gonna do about it?


And so I think that there's a common ground for us to be able to meet, but you've gotta make sure that you don't sell your own people out in the process. To your point, that's why I never wanted to go to the White House because it's just like, for what? Like, I'm not going just for a photo. If I'm not presenting anything or going with somebody who's presenting something, what's the point? I'm, I'm with you on the 50 yard line, but you represent too much people of influence who won't have that access. So when it is that you go there, this is an era Charlamagne where you would have more influence than any head of any civil rights organization. Mm. More people are listening to you. I don't wanna call the names of organizations than a lot of those organizations. Let's go a step further. We step outside of this room, go downstairs and ask people who was the head of this organization, head of that.


They have no idea. And so I think that you gotta realize that the shaping of influence is different than the microphone that you would have entree to get into those spaces. Would you, would you meet with Trump? I would meet with Trump, but I wouldn't go by myself. Gotcha. I wouldn't go by myself. I'd have to take some credible people with me. So one, hold me accountable so we can all say what happened in that meeting. And two, to make sure y'all ain't gonna play me like Zelensky ain't no way in The World y'all gonna have all them cameras rolling. And then say, you ought to be grateful to be here. And how come you ain't got a suit on the bottom? Yeah. So you got, you gotta have some level of accountability in it. Would You pray before you go in there?


So you Say, I Pray before I pray in there I'd have a vial of my grandmother's oil in my pocket. Yeah. Oh no. All of that. But there's no way I would just go in there. How do you think, Let's get you to handle that. I think he did it. What this administration has shown us is diplomacy is no longer honored. That was a argument in the barbershop that was not world leaders talking about the devastation of hundreds of thousands of lives. So I give him high accommodation that the argument should not be, whether he had a suit on is what are you gonna do about innocent children being bombed, about seniors who are living out in the street? And the question that he should have said, why do y'all have suits on when your people are fighting to get Medicaid?


Why y'all got suits on when all of these students are getting ready to be robbed of scholarships from Pell Grants? Why y'all got suits on when the stock market is losing billions of dollars every day? Everybody should be in overalls. So he, he should have flipped it, but I think he did it in as much decency and tact as he could. I, I wanted to ask you too, as a pastor, what makes you get involved in politics so much? Because I see people, I see a lot of pastors like to steer clear steer stay clear from that. Yeah. Why do you like to get involved? Well, One, a lot of staying clear now because they don't know what this administration is gonna do. Hmm. This administration has already said that they want to take away 5 0 1 c threes. They want to look at anybody who stands with Palestine as a terrorist organization.


But I think that is gotta be, revolution comes with inconvenience to know that it goes against the prick and you gotta stand on business. And to be a real profit is not, you get a car, you get a house, you get money. A real profit Biblically was to confront the king and say you outta order. Hmm. You're not doing this right. And I think that you're gonna find a whole lot of people emerging. And there are people who are doing it. What has happened in the culture is we have confused notoriety with strength. Mm. The most powerful preachers in every major city don't have mega churches, but they're in the community doing the hard work. But they don't have press conferences.


They don't know the governor, they don't know the mayor. But the people in the community they serve honor and respect them. That's Real. Let's talk about this. The 40 day fast of target. Yes. And this is something that you're trying to put into play and why I'm not trying. You are putting into No. Yeah. So people are asking, and why did we pick Target when Walmart out order McDonald's is out order. John Deere's out order, bank of America's outta order Amazon. Amazon is outta order is we wanted to go. The African Proverbs says, if you want to eat an elephant, do one piece at a time. So we picked Target first for several reasons. Number one, target is headquartered in the same city.


George Floyd was killed when George Floyd was killed. Target came out, made an announcement that they're gonna invest $2 billion in the black business, 2 billion drum roll. And it starts December of 2025. When Trump made the announcement January of 2025, they dishonored that commitment. So we wanted to hold them accountable because when they made the pledge, it had nothing to do with DEI. Secondly, I am embarrassed Breakfast Club to say to you, Negro spend $12 million a day in Target. And I don't know any black business that amassed that much money in any singular day.


So 12 million a day, a day. Number three Target is on 27 college campuses and not one HBCU. Number four, outside of the federal government, target is the largest employer of black people. There are 400,000 black people on payroll and don't honor us. So if we given that kind of money, that much human capital and to not honor us, I think is dismally disrespected. And because they're publicly traded, we wanted to see what will happen in their, in those 40 days that shows the data, this is the impact when black people walk away and to share it with those sharecrop.


So it will not just be 40 days. But every movement has to have a benchmark. It's gotta have a strategy and you gotta have some data. What do you say? Why you calling it a fast and not a boycott? Yeah. I called it a fast because this was a call to the black church to become active. Something happened silently that scholars and historians are gonna have to pay attention to the rise of Black Lives Matter. Charlemagne was the very first movement of civil rights for black people that was not birthed outta the church. Mm. The very first civil rights movement that happened that didn't have a religious leader at the front.


And so the black church is going backwards. Mm. This is the largest demographic of black people since we've been in America, who don't go to church at all, who don't subscribe to organized religion. We at 28%, the largest amount of black people who self-identify as atheists who say they don't believe in God, don't believe in nothing. So this was a cause specifically for black Christians to show the younger generation, our head is not in the sand. We are a part of it, but we are aligning it with prayer that those 40 days is the high holy season for the Christian community. We're praying because this is a spiritual warfare that we're under with JD Vance and Donald Trump, with all of the things that are happening with these executive orders.


Marching is good, protesting is necessary, petitions are important. But If We don't bring a spiritual grounding to it, I think that we're gonna miss it. During the Montgomery Bus boycott that last 381 days, what nobody talks about is for 381 days every night they went back to the church for prayer. So I think that in the movement, you've gotta have a faith entity intertwined in it in order for you to move forward. What Do you say to some of the people that have black products in Target? Yes. That they say that, you know, because of this boycott, if a boycott happens and people are stopping to go to Target, that it's gonna affect their products even more. I know we had the co-founders of Rucker Roots on The Breakfast Club and we the founder of the Lip Bar.


Yeah. And they were saying that if people don't come into the store, which Target is their hugest manufacturer. Yeah. They're hugest buyer. So what happens to those products? Number one, the Lit Bar and all of those entities understand a new thing out called Dropship. You don't have to go in a physical store to, to help them because of that. In foresight, we partner with the US Black Chamber of Commerce. So every person that goes to Target fast.org, within an hour, I send you a digital directory of 300,000 black businesses across the country. So we don't want those businesses to be adversely impacted. We want people to support them, but do it online.


I can support the Lit Bar and not go into Target to do it. I can go online to do it. And so I think that as innovative and creative people as black people are, let's do it online. We do everything else online. So let's support 'em and the 1000 black vendors who are placed in Target, we're gonna prominently place on the website so that you'll be able to find them quickly without any pause.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Charlemagne tha God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the Hit Star's original series Raising Canaan is coming back The new season of the Family Crime Drama continues the origin story of fan favorite. Canaan Start originally played by 50 cent and the flagship series Power as he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premieres March 7th only on Stars in the Stars app.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate at


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You Oh, go Ahead. So two things to what you're saying. So the first thing when they were up here, they talked about the inventory and just how much money they have to put ahead to be in these stores that comes outta their own pocket Yes. That they will lose out on if people do not, if they're not supporting these like companies or whatever. Yes. So even if you're buying it from their website because they're already in contract for this amount of inventory with Allotted to Target, they lose out. They don't profit on that now. Yeah. Well that money has already been spent. A, a movement comes with Inconvenience. It came a a, that same argument happened in the Montgomery bus boycott. The question was asked, what do we do for the bus mechanics who were all black? So what they did is they pulled all of those bus mechanics out of Montgomery and set up garages at the churches.


What nobody is talking about is four mechanic shops came out of it. So I understand that it's an inconvenience. I know we gotta go a different route, but I would then say, that's up. The ante is a business principle. Let's buy more to cover. What is that? Loss companies take losses all the time, but a group of misguided preachers went into Target in Detroit and said, let's just buy black inventory and come out. You're still supporting Target. So I think that we've gotta come a way, even if we gotta raise the price in order to make the balance, let's do it. One of the things that black people do wrong, whenever it is we're supporting black business, we always want a discount.


Let's pay full price and support 'em. Let's not just do it with lip service, but let's do it through the investment. And I I Saw you, oh, go Ahead. My last thing to your point Yes. Of like, just up in the ante online. Yes. The women from Rucker Roots talked about how majority Ellen Sellers Ellen's, I'm sorry, I Don heard her names in front of me. Yes. I own, I, I own Jameson. And Ellen Sellers talked about how even in Walmart's, majority of their clientele that they make a large amount of their money off of on those products. They don't have the access to the.com. So being able to walk into, like, it's just, it's just different in some of the lower area rural areas. Yes. So being able to walk into a Walmart or a Target helps them as far as inventory and creates access for those people. What about that? Yeah, I, I think that we've gotta ask ourselves what is the principle and is the principle more important than the prophet?


You've got a whole lot of churches who have space that is underutilized and un underused. The fact that in 2025, we don't have a minority owned retail space to direct people on says that we gotta reevaluate how we do business. So going into Target to buy whatever this product is to say, Hey, forget that they don't honor us. Forget that they've disrespected the George Floyd family. Forget that they are only allowing black people on entry level positions. Let's do it for lipstick. I think that we're losing the larger conversation. I wanna see the sisters win. I wanna see them do overwhelmingly well.


But I think that we gotta get into a room and figure out how do we make it more accessible for those in rural areas. I don't think that the answer is to sh keep shooting ourselves in the foot and then ask for a, But will we ever get there, pastor? Like, you know, I, we want to get there, right? Yeah. Will we ever own our own Target slash Walmart? Will we ever own our own car manufacturer? Yeah. Will we ever own our own so we can rely on it? It just seems like we're far stretched from that. Yeah. So one of the things that we're asking for Target to do, and for all of the demands that we're asking of Target, please go to Target fast.org. They're on 27 college campuses, but no HBCUs.


I'm asking Target to partner with 10 HBCUs to show our businesses how to scale up and to go into the retail space. Reverend Sharpton is one of my mentors, but in the history of black people, we have never marched black people into a white business to say, spend money here. So we gotta figure out how it is that we really reroute and redirect so that we can create an ecosystem for us to be able to do. I think that is possible, but there's a plan that has to be afoot in order to make it done. I I don't have any problem with the boycott, but I, I don't have a problem with the buycott either. I just feel like, you know, people should do something if agreed, if they're moved to do something.


But I saw you repost the, the, the, the preachers who led their flock into the store to buy all the black products. Why did, why, why did you feel the need to gotta use That? Read the room. Read the room. There's there's, there's no way. But which room Though, pastor? Everybody room different. No, no, no, no. Read the living room. Yeah. The Japanese Proverbs said the best room in the house is the room for improvement. You'll notice that it caught on nowhere. Nobody thought that that was a good idea except for those Space. No, I, I heard a lot of people talking about about Yeah. In Target. Yeah. Oh, I was that memo. Yeah. I heard a lot of people saying, go in there and buy all the black Products. Yeah, don't do that. Yeah, don't do that. I, I I think that there's gotta be a different way that we redirect.


I think to my sister's point, how do we support these businesses to Envy's point, but we don't have a major retailer, but we are the most creative people. Y'all done brought everybody in here. Master P got on from selling from the trunk of his car. So I think that we gotta be innovative and put a think tank together. Say Magic Johnson, you bought all these movie theaters in the concession stand. Can I now buy lipstick? I don't know the answer to it, but I think that we've gotta figure out a way and figure out a path and figure out a tributary. Yeah. I just don't want us to make the same mistakes that, that our, our generations before us made. Yes. Meaning like people would knock Martin Luther King Jr. Yeah. For his methods. Yes. And, and you know, different organizations would knock each other and say, no, we should be doing it this way.


We should be doing it that way. Yes. It's just like, yo, as long as everybody's doing something, I feel like it's all, it all can be effective. I feel in a sense, I'm gonna meet you on the 50 yard line. If you got beef with somebody, me and you were friends and you find out who you got beef with, I'm at dinner with. You are like, oh man, I thought we was together. Oh y'all man, don't worry about it. It was just cheesecake. We ain't even talk about you. You would look at me with a different kind of eye like, Hey man, if we in it together, how are you carousing with the person who is against me? And so I think that there's gotta be a line in the sand of how it is that we stand without attacking each other. I think that's where the, where the rubber is to roll.


That can be many different paths. I spoke at a college last week in Michigan And I asked them, who is the head of the L-G-B-T-Q movement and all of these college students, nobody can answer it. And I said, do you all believe that L-G-B-T-Q has a movement? They say yes. And I said, you don't know the head. I said, no. I said, that's the memo. Black people gotta take, have a movement without making one singular spokesperson that what it is that we're doing can be rested on the back of the shoulder of one person being the leader. So the movement doesn't have to be just Sharpton or Jasmine Crockett or Maxine Waters that all of us are moving towards that end.


But it is not one entity against another. The reality is Malcolm X made Martin King a better leader because he questioned his philosophy and he had to defend it. And so I think one of the things that the Detroit pastors did made us sharpen the conversation as to why it is that we're not going. So it's not just a social media post or rah rah moment, but there's something really tangible for us to argue To that point, I feel like Malcolm was wrong for that. And the reason I say that is because Martin Luther King Jr. Was doing real work in a, in, in a, in a area. We needed him to do real work, meaning that he was building with John Kennedy and Lyndon b Johnson to get actual legislation passed. But we need somebody like Martin Emini here.


Malcolm Yes. Raising hell in the streets. So to me, there was no reason for Malcolm to be calling out Martin. Yes. And And vice versa. Yeah. I, yeah. I think it was calling out the philosophy. The students who were a part of the civil rights movement before they could protest, before they could demonstrate, they argued on the college campus with the professor and they had to have practice. So if somebody spits on you, this is what you do. They try to pull you out from the lunch counter. This is what you do. The reality is, we are no longer arguing philosophies. We're just arguing about people and personality or who I don't like who I agree with, but I think that iron sharpens iron in that space of arguing and articulating what we stand on and why there needs to be different tracks.


My issue is not with people who argue against my methodology. My issue is with those who don't believe in nothing. Right. Who are just in that gangster, oh, this ain't gonna work. We ain't never gonna stick together. This thing ain't gonna have no traction. Okay. How those people then what are you going to do? How those People reached out to you, the people that don't agree with what you're doing. Like those pastors that took their congregation in Dubai, have you had those conversations so y'all can get on the same page and say some of the things that you are talking about? Yes, yes. Yes. So as soon as I saw it, because I know him, three fourths of 'em, I text him, Hey man, y'all on the wrong side of history. You said amen. And you said, nigga, I said it was a Sunday.


So I said It was a Sunday. So I said, Hey man, okay. I said, Hey man, you on the wrong side of history. He text me back and said, Hey, this is what our thought process was. This is why it is that we did it. I said, it would've gone a whole lot further and better if you had the conversation before you went in there. So I went on a college campus to go speak in Detroit, Wayne State. I come out of lecturing and the press is there and says, what'd you think about these pastors going to Target? I said, what pastors? What are you talking about? The reporter showed it to me on the phone. And so that's when I, I got in it. And I think that communication can solve a whole lot of issues on so many different levels.


Whether you married or whether you, of course on political agendas, silence is the worst thing that you can ever do. But when we learned how to talk to each other and discuss it, I understood where it is that they were coming from. Those pastors are now walking alongside us for the target fast. Okay. But I think that communication is necessary. I also wanna put on record that I think that it's good for black people to be in a Republican party. I don't think all black should be Democrat. We need somebody else who is in there. But if you in there, you gotta advocate for your people at the same time. I saw you say that Target has been trying to reach out to you. Yes.


But you, you, I don't wanna talk to no diversity. No Officer, I don you may not have a job next week. You reached out during Black History Month. I don't know if you're gonna make it to St. Patrick's Day. So I, I need somebody who got some job security and got some influence to make a decision. I think this generation don't want symbolic wins. They want substantive strides. That's right. And if you just doing there to say we met, we talked artistry, credibility is gone. Right. I need somebody who can make a decision and you gotta ask envy what's in the mind of A CEO that can lose $12 million a day and say I'm not meeting. So the person that reached out to you felt had no influence.


Yeah. Not enough influence. Got you. Yeah. So you gonna send the black people out to talk to the black guy, black guy, go talk to the black guy. We'll see what your people there about. Settle them down. Got you. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. I need to talk to the CEO or I need to talk to somebody who was on that board of Target or who can really help me understand where you are. And if you all are being punked by JD Vance and Trump, tell me that. Let's figure out how we can walk alongside each other. Well we know that's what it is. Yeah. That's what it is. That's Exactly it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. When you, so I know that in talking about meeting, eventually y'all wanna have a conversation or there is something scheduled. Right? You guys will be meeting June 12th in Minneapolis. That's when their stockholders meeting is. Oh, the shareholders meeting.


Okay. Yeah. So we, we are planning on going now. I'm hoping that we have resolved by then. That's what I was getting to. Yes. We can't wait till June, but June 12th and they're now, it's an underground murmur that they don't even wanna do an in-person shareholder meeting. They want to do it by Zoom becausecause. They don't Want you guys to show up. Yeah, okay. Yes. But that's why it's important for you to have the data to show how this has been impacted. How much money you've lo lost in the stock and what is at stake. So we wanted to take, take all of that to the shareholders meeting June 12th and numbers. You know, there was a bunch of target shareholders who filed a class action lawsuit against Target and they claim that Target artificially inflated stock prices and failed to warn investors about how removing DEI and ESG, which is environmental, social and governance policies, could cause stock prices to plummet.


And it also talks about how Target concealed the backlash itself from the the Pride month campaign. Yes. After they removed the L-G-B-T-Q merchandise and that's how they've been losing all of that money since November of 2024. The America's worst nightmare is the marginalized, unifying, if, if all of the different sectors came together, that's when you have real power fingers separated, don't mean anything, fingers together become a fist. The Poor People's campaign is what Dr. King was putting together just before he was assassinated. He said the same poverty that's happening in Selma is the same poverty that's in the Appalachian Mountains. Right. What happened that really frightened Jagar Hoover against the Black Panther party was they were unifying all marginalized people.


So imagine if we're dealing with immigration, we don't allow the media to just make it a Mexican issue. Let's talk about the 500,000 Haitians who are unprotected. Let's talk about the Africans who are being deported Hear this family who they not even deporting back to Africa. They in jail right now in Panama and we not doing anything or raising the alarm. If all of these factions come together, a sister outta Harvard University says, for you to have a real revolution, you don't need a hundred percent participation. You only need 3%. If 3% of the population organized, you can shut any culture down, any government down, any society down.


And what we're seeing in these town hall meetings with these Republican senators and Congress people is people are waking up saying, Hey, this ain't what I signed up for. I, this can't be the last train to Paris. Let me get outta here and change direction. So I think that you're getting ready to see a percolating in America of those who are marginalized. That it is not just a race issue is a class issue. My last question for you, where are you at now numbers wise? 'cause I know you were looking to get a hundred thousand people by we this Wednesday the fifth when it starts and you were at seven. We At 110,000 people percent got you. Have come. And we did it before we ever got to The Breakfast Club. So now y'all, we got to get to one 50. We gotta, we gotta get to one 50 because numbers is power.


It was important for me to have tangible evidence of how many people are standing behind us. That is not just a post, it's not just likes and shares, but a hundred thousand people. I can press a button and send a email to say, Hey, we outside in Target. Hey we in Cincinnati so that the people at Target know that we mean business. That is not just symbolism, but there's substance behind it. Well how can people get behind you? Go to Target fast.org. It's just one word that you'll see. What is our list of a demands when it is that you sign up for Target Fast. I'm gonna send you a digital directory to those 300,000 businesses.


And even for those of you who don't go to church or watch online, I'm gonna send you a daily prayer devotional so that you can stay focused, no pun intended. So you can stay on target for what it is that we trying to get done. Alright, Well we appreciate you for joining us this morning Jam target fast.org. And thank you so much brother Man. Thank you. And when y'all come to Atlanta, I'm coming through. Okay. I ain't even got a ticket. I'm coming. Oh, you celebrate Soon. Well, yeah. He came, pastor Jamal popped up through my Black Effect Podcast Festival. Yeah. Festival. I'm coming this year. I Wanna come to New Birth man. You gotta come. I wanna come one Sunday and check it out. Yeah, you gotta come. Absolutely. There's room at the Cross. Thank. Hey, let me say this to you. Okay, I'm from Baltimore. Do you know the first place I ever had crabs? Charleston, South Carolina. Monk's Corner.


Monk's Corner. Okay. Monk's Corner. A ME Church right there after Jameson. Blake, James, Blake. This back in the eighties. All right. Okay. It was the first place I ever had crab. My family was from Georgetown, South Carolina. Okay. So we used to come down there every summer. But Baltimore, they still, the first time You had crabs and you from Baltimore, Was they better than Baltimore? They cook em with the beer. Never. Does it not go too far? Brought it up. I was just doing trauma bonding with No, no. Baltimore. The CRA Ain't no trauma. It's trauma that I had to do it in South Carolina before I had it in. And South Carolina is amazing for Free. It's It's amazing. It's great. It's just not as good as Baltimore, but it's good. Thank You'all Pastor Jamal O'Brien. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning.


The Breakfast Club Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive Producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan and the riveting fourth season Slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the Eye of the Storm, one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive, unique makes of volatile and violent return as he hunts to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan, March 7th, only on Stars. In the Stars app.


Life Is an act of constant revention that true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Ready to celebrate The magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals, and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.