
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's Up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipp it onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess while she's on maternity leave and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Carrie, champion, welcome back. Thank you For having me. How are you feeling? Hey. Hey girl. I feel great. I'm so happy. I just would like to say you guys need better customer service. I agree. What happened? So I came in, well first of all, I was told they told me to come an hour ago. Right? You Was here an hour Ago. Yeah. Just real Five was the time. Yes, she was. She was sitting there for an hour. You had to wait for an hour. What? What were we doing? I don't know what y'all was doing. That's Crazy. Correct. Nobody said that. That didn't happen. No, that definitely happened. That Definitely happened. Okay.


Then I sat down and somebody's like, do you need anything? I was like, yeah, I need some coffee. And then I never, and that somebody is the person by the name of Brandon. Who's Brandon? Brandon is a young man from Ghana who works here. He's a producer. He don't like black women though. He likes white women. Oh. So that could explain It. So if I was white, I would've got the coffee. He definitely, You'd probably had If. you, Karen, champion. You'd have got your coffee. Okay. Karen, Champion is Karen Would've got the coffee. Karen didn't get the coffee. Got it. Lauren, you look great. Thank you. So good to to see you again. We back Again. Damn. Two lies. Back to back. You done told in this studio. That's crazy. What's up with you today, Carrie? Why? She looks the same. Why? Even though she looks great. Why? Why you come? The devil try to stop. Yo, Julia. Yeah. Yeah. You don't look to that side. You know you fine. And he's stopping it right now. You fine. Period.


Thank you. You find fine. Well, Carrie is the host of the Naked Podcast. You're back for the fourth season on the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network. And this season is a little different. Yeah. 'cause you have the making of a rivalry podcast. Yeah. Caitlin Clark versus Angel Reese. Why are you pitting the women against each other? I knew you was gonna say that. Okay. So well first off, here's the thing. The I I, so I call a friend of mine a little short man, And I go, Hey, short man, I wanna do this idea And I. Think it's great. I said, everybody thinks that these two ladies don't like each other. And, and the way we work, we see The World through our own lens. Right? So, If you black. I'm right When Angel and If, you are white. I'm right When Caitlyn, I don't care what anybody says. I felt that as opposed to just letting these women play ball And I said, rivalry's not a bad thing. And everybody's comparing it to Magic and Bird.


And I'm like, that was a good thing. Right? It, it helped the NBA. Right. That's the reason why the finals were no longer delayed. They were live. And I was like, this is a good thing. The WNBA has always been great, but they needed these supernovas to bring people to the WNBA to pay attention to see how special they were. Okay. They already had Asia, they already had all these great people, Candace, Breonna Stewart. I can go down the list of all these great players, but for whatever reasons this storyline was so compelling. And, I. And my argument is this country is just built on race. So If, you have black versus white in anything. I'm locked in. Anybody's locked in because you wanna pick a side and you wanna put all your tropes on whomever's the person you decide to vote for, right? Or ride with. I'm referring to the election. And so my mind is, why don't we talk about the making of a rivalry and how this is really something special and how it's about to take women's sports to a whole new level.


And my man says, yes, great genius. And so what I found out by doing this docuseries is six parts. We, we have six episodes that we're doing in real time while the WNBA playoffs are happening. And soon we'll be into the finals. And it's been, it's been a ride and it's been really good and special. I think we are, I think we're doing it for the culture. I think I'm learning a lot about how people see women who play sports. And I also know that I, I had to really talk about what I felt, 'cause I know I was riding with Angel too. Right? So what do you feel like, what have you learned? What have you learned? Because I mean, you, you already were all in, you very educated on this subject, but what did you learn new that might have changed your perspective a little bit? Like You know what I do root for Caitlyn as well. I, I, I like Caitlyn. I think Caitlyn's a great, I think she's a baller.


I think she just wants to play what I do. What I, what I don't like is how some people in the media, some of my colleagues are like, how come she not You know denouncing racism? And how come she's not? And I'm like, she will when she learns. How long does it take a woman to find her vo her voice in this world? She grew up in Iowa. She's 22 years old. I'm not, I'm not caping for her, but I'm like, she didn't have the experience to speak on that. Remember when LeBron wasn't speaking on Black Lives Matter and all these other issues and they held him accountable and he finally said, okay, I have something to say. And you gotta be educated and you gotta be comfortable before you gotta be comfortable before you start talking about it. And she's getting there. Yeah. And she'll be, she'll be even better as, as the years come along. But I didn't like that. I also didn't like how they treated Angel.


Angel had the best moment of her life, the best moment of her life. The crowning achievement is to win a championship. And when she won this championship, all these new fans and all these new analysts wouldn't even celebrate this queen. She had to deal with all this vitriol and hate and they, and, and death threats. And all she did was say, I'm about to get a ring. You can't see me. The reality is, is that they have been whomever anybody wanted them to be before they walked on that stage. Like as a white woman, we already define who you are as a black woman. We already define who you are. And what I mean by we as society, they come, they come from two different worlds. They live two different lives. They are who they are. Their talent is who they are.


So she grew up in Baltimore. So angel's gonna talk, talk trash. I Caitlyn talks trash too, just differently. And you ever remember, let's talk about your tire cowboys. You ever remember that time long time ago? So disrespectful de for no reason, this is when Tony Romo Tire, Tony Romo was quarterback. And Des Bryant is trying to hype him up. Like, we can do this, we can do this. And You know on the sideline, and he talking to him with all this energy and, and you hear the commentator saying, oh boy, Des is mad. Look at Des. He's so mad. Yo. And he's yelling at Tony. And Tony was like, no, actually he was trying to hype me up. He was telling me that we got this, we can win this game. Now when Tom Brady would sit on the sideline and throw his helmet and cuss everybody out, yeah. Tom's really frustrated with the game.


He's frustrated With what's going on. And we do that. Me media, everybody does that. And so I am, I'm finding out that I have my own bias. I have my own attitude. I even cover the game differently. Even with White tears don't move you. They Listen at all. Thank you very much. But my point is, we have to stop doing that. Like media has to stop doing that. I think the way that the fans are watching this game, they shouldn't do that. And, I think what I'm finding out in this podcast is that most of us don't like to see women compete like athletes. Women can't be on the on the court trash talking. We can't be in your face. But it's quite all right to do it in the NBA. We can do it in the NBA. We can't do it in the WNBA and it makes no sense. I wanna ask you something about the, the WNBA thing.


Well just really, Caitlyn and Angel, are they required to talk about anything other than basketball? Do we need them to, do we need Caitlyn, our angel to speak out about anything? Racism, sexism? Do we need them to Yes. I don't know if we need them to. I listen, we, we, in this world we live in today, you don't have that luxury. I think sports, politics and culture all intersect. Mm. That's what we're doing on naked sports, sports politics and culture intersect. And especially in A-W-N-B-A that's been dealing with racism since its inception. Right. You have to talk about it. So now you can't hide it. You have these two big stars and they are talking about it. So you can't hide it. It's been, it's been happening. But now we have these two stars and they're talking about it and they're not letting you get away with it. You have to unfor, you don't wanna talk about certain things, but you have to, you have a voice.


I used to tell you that a long time ago. What I don't wanna talk about, I Don't know, I'm, I'm making up something right now. Okay. My point is, is that you are required when you have a respon look, with great responsibility comes great pressure. And, and and vice versa. Yeah. You have to be able to stand in your feet and say, this is what's happening and this is what these ladies have to do. Whether they wanna talk about it or not. What do you think about their first season? Both, both their rookie seasons? I think Caitlyn was, I think she was not playing well when she first started. I think there was a lot of hype, but I think she figured it out. I think she is a generational talent. Absolutely. I think Caitlyn, when, when they, when they didn't take her to the Olympics, she got in the gym, she got in the lab, she came back better than ever. She took this team that had never been to the playoffs within the last 10 years. She took 'em straight to the playoffs. They, I mean out the first round.


But that's a remarkable turnaround. She didn't do it alone. She had Aaliyah, Boston and other players. But what she was able to do for that team was transcendent. And then as far as angel's concerned, this is a thing. They both are so good in college and everybody's like, oh. They go, they not going, they rookie years not gonna be this, it's not gonna be that they rookie year, they answered every single call. Agree. Everyone thought they'd be average. They were more than average weren't. They over Exceeded expectations. They over exceeded expectations. They weren't nervous. They got there. They were like, this is my stage and what not. Thinking twice. Angel goes to the Met Gala then returns, and then puts up another record breaking rebound day a game. And I'm like, wait a second. She's not. This is who she is. Right? This is what they do. They're un they're not bothered by these like all the spotlights back in the day, the WNBA, in my opinion, I felt like the women were, I felt like they were quiet.


I felt like they felt like they had to be a certain way. And these ladies don't even know what that means. This generation don't know what that means. I'm showing Up what you said is very important. 'cause back in the day that it was just as good. But for whatever reason, they didn't have a voice. They didn't like, there was no voice. I would interview these women, I'd be like, tell me something. And they'd say what they thought they had to say. Yeah, they're not doing that now. Which I love. And that makes the game so compelling. And that's why everybody's paying attention. And Now when You know Cheryl Swoopes, you was like, I know she had a lot to say back then. I was like, hello. You know You know Dawn Staley had a lot to say back then. You know They had something to say, but it was new. And it's on, it's 28 years young. It's still very young. And And I. And this is around the same time. If we, if we even look at history about 30 years into the NBA, that's exactly around the same time that the NBA started to do well.


And people could see the profit in the NBA, not the A BA, but the NBA when it merged. And it takes a while for everybody to find their footing and what the foundation is and what it looks like. So the problem now, not even the problem they have to, in the WNBA right now, they have to address the racism. Charlemagne disagrees with me on this. I And I wanna get y'all thoughts. He's like, it's the price of being famous. Price Of Success. Yeah. It's the Price Of Success. He's saying the woman just have to deal with it. Like the, it just comes to territory of making money. Do you agree with that When it comes to the racism? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. I agree too. Why? I mean, 'cause how do you get around it? How do you not, and especially If, you said in The World we live in today, If you don't, people create a narrative and then you gotta fight back against that.


So you kind of like fuck yourself over a bit. Like So you're just saying put your head down. No, No. I'm saying they need to deal with it. Like they, they have to deal with, let's not put your head Down at all. Let, let's be clear though, because You know the internet will take this outta context. It's not just the racism, it's the heckling, right? Yes. So it's the heckling, it's the people outside your hotel. It's, it's all of that comes with being successful. Oh, but that's two separate conversations. And to be clear, I'm not saying put your head down, just deal with it. I mean, deal with it. Like say something, speak up. Oh, okay. But with the heckling and stuff like that, I think that there's an even trade because sometimes people, they like when the NBA players do it, it's a topic. It it, it kind of adds character to a player. But I can understand him being like, just don't even address it. But when the NBA players do it, people talk about it as if it's a great thing.


So why can't the girls people, One of the ladies got called a nigga bitch. Yeah. But players get called bitch niggas all day, all time You know what I'm saying? So, But it it's, it is different with a girl even watching. So, so Here's Different with a Girl. Here's the double standard that I, that I brought up to Charlamagne. He was like, the men deal with it all the time. I agree. They do deal with it. And now they've gotten to the point. We've seen LeBron and Russell Westbrook point out the player and say, you have to go Throw him out. Yep. Caitlyn did that in her second game of the playoffs. Loved it. She was like, this one right here, loved it. He has to go. I agree with that. But this double standard where the women should, and it's a different double standard. The women should just deal with it. 'cause the men just deal with it. It doesn't hit the same way it does it. No, it doesn't hit the same Way. But why not? Because they're NBA stars.


They're WNBA stars. They, they are athletes. They're on that platform. They're gonna be called a whole bunch of things. Like Charlemagne and myself are called a whole bunch of things. Well, you deserve to Be called a Fra mag. You a fraggle maggot. Don't say that Frale mag guy a mag. You don't wanna know this. It's a word that they are supposed Baby behind them over There. And and Is that what Donelle brought in the other day for? Yes. Stop demonizing baby oil. Baby oil has been good to look baby oil. Anyway, go ahead. Continue Fraggle, man. As I was saying, I think If, you put anybody into that celebrity light, they have to deal with it. Whether you're a boxer, whether you're a baseball player, whether you're a, it doesn't matter who you are. So you're saying If, you are a celebrity. You have to do with it. So, so, so Lauren has to deal with it. Now if we Yeah, Yeah. But it's still different. Like, why is it different?


Because as a woman, there are different things that people throw on me that like, I don't want on me as a man. Y'all don't get that. Like, that's not true. But what it's true, first of how you gonna tell a woman that it's not true. For instance, right? If, you are outsource. No, You're saying it's things that I wouldn't want on me. There's plenty of things you can say to a man you don't Want. I'm not saying that you don't want it on you. What I'm saying is that regardless, If, you want it on you or not. You can react and people championing you and If you don't react. It's like, oh, he's, he's used to his celebrity. If a woman chooses to not react, react, it's like it's going to keep going to a point where it will, it, it becomes her and she has no defense against it because she hasn't said anything. But then if she says something, it's like she sensitive, think she is, she, Why is she doing you there? You damned If. you do you damned If.


you don't, You weren't one of the most, It's not the same for men. And that is at all, that is a true, that is a true statement. And so you, you all live in a different world. It it is truly a man's world. The the older I get, the more I realize that. I'm like, damn, y'all got everything You gotta navigate. Like even in this room, there are certain things that you guys can do and say very confidently that even if I confidently do and say people just take it differently. There's, I think, Think there's a lot that you can say confidently that we can't say such as. Yes. Yeah. Maybe like Certain topics when you talk about certain things. If, if, if we say it wrong, especially when it comes to women, you say about women, if we say it wrong, we're in trouble. But you can say whatever you want about men is, that's the honest truth. And I think we going, we're taking the conversation somewhere because that ain't true. All I'm simply saying is, and this is all I'm simply saying about the WNB or anybody that's successful, there is no defense to it.


What meaning that get it. These people can say whatever they want about us. Yeah. And there's nothing we can do about it. I get it. Like literally we can, I get it. We can speak out against it. We can You know say that's wrong, but it's not going to stop it. So you gotta find ways to not let it affect you and not affect your game. I agree with that. But here's where we draw the line. Caitlyn has said as well, angel has been very vocal about this on her podcast. Angel Reese says, they followed me home. There's death threats. There's now not saying there's not death threats for the men, but there's a certain level of vitriol that a black woman gets for being comfortable in her own skin and being unapologetic. I can't even describe it. And, I think I'm not a black man. So I wouldn't know how to relate to what the vitriol you would get would be.


But for, for a woman being confident and comfortable in her own skin, especially a black woman. A black woman, there's something so very frightening about it. Look at, look at the election when Kamala walked over there and, and shook Donald Trump's hand in his space and was like, what's up? Do You know how many people were like, how dare she That that's what she wanted to Me. That's what she won to us. I was like, oh, she got this. That's what she won to us. He was backing up like, whoa. But The optics, he was afraid of her. And, and You know what's scary because he knows, she tell she's intelligent, she's smart and she's ready. And that's exactly what Angel is. Intelligent, smart, and she's ready and she's unapologetic and that is frightening on a different level. And there's absolutely no respect for her because of the fact that she does that.


And so there is some times in my opinion that enough is enough. You, you following me home because I, because I was trash talking. They made up. But nobody should be following home up, made up pictures. Nobody Should follow Made her family. Nobody should be follow home at, At with that regardless. But I don't necessarily know. And the, and and, and, and this is one thing that I will say, I'm sure other players have dealt with that like what LeBron went through when he decided to leave Cleveland and go to Miami. I'm sure it was a whole nother level. Like let's just, let's be real. Like the way that he dealt with that was probably better than anybody could have dealt with that. And, I don't even think, I don't even think anybody in the WNBA has been experienced what he probably had to deal with, but 'cause of his level of success because Of, of his level of success. Good. But there is some, like you look, the WNBA needs to invest in more security. Absolutely.


Need to have a a no nonsense policy. Yeah. They need to have a commissioner who talks about this and say, we won't tolerate this. Although it will happen. Angel has to invest, invest in her own personal security. She Has to invest in her own personal security and, and Caitlin Clark. I think when she's comfortable, we'll be able to talk about this in a way that says, don't put this on me. Don't let me, don't, this is not about what I want to do. Don't put your tropes your beliefs on me. But that's if the salaries can support it as well. Like they're not getting played like NBA paid like NBA players. So if she can't afford a full-time security, that's a lot. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. But they making money. But I do feel like it, those two are making money. Yeah. But even, even to your point, I think WNBA should provide security even outside of the stadium. I agree. I agree. I agree. Especially for their top level talent.


Yes. That's having to deal with That's absolutely, I'm surprised they put 'em on. I'm I'm happy they put 'em on private planes. Yeah. So they don't have to be to airport with people harassing and yelling. They, they started with Brittany Grinder. They had to, they were rolling up on Brittany mad at her saying she wasn't a patriot. They were upset at her because she came home first. And so they had to do that. And unfortunately there is some onus on the NBA as well. They work together. They should be able to give them money too. Hand me, let me hold something and let this get and let's figure this out. And so I just, I do understand what you're saying as a woman, it's a different level of response. It's a different, it hits differently. You can't say you, you damned If. you do damned If. you don't. You really are. And so, and so I do believe there needs to be some type of security in place for all of these women.


But now we're getting into a whole nother level. And I don't necessarily agree that just because they're famous they have to just take it. I don't agree with that. No, I mean you kind of do because what are we supposed to do? Like what are you supposed to do when you're, that's what up for? What is Oprah supposed to do? What is LeBron supposed to do? What is not Jay-Z supposed to? Right. You're saying that's what they signed up for. It's not right. It's not right. Of course there's really no defense against it. Like what do you do? Somebody gets on a platform and says something crazy about you. That's fine. You can sue him. I don't mind If you want, but what you do, I don't mind, I don't mind you talking bad about me. I don't mind you heckling, heckling me either. Right. But the reality is, is that this has been an issue for a very long time and they've never addressed it. The Ba the baby just left here. Right? He said what the baby shot somebody because they came on his property that the guy wanted to perform for the baby.


That's the price of being the baby. My therapist told me that a long time ago. My therapist said, you can't have You know your, your success without having your problems. It just comes with it. Why? I I hate that. It's like it. This What it is. Charlemagne got beat up, pushed in the back of the head. Everybody laugh. Charlemagne got, got, got beat up again in front of a a, I didn't get beat up inside of a bodega. That's not true. What the fuck? He came, well, He, I beat the shit out that young man. Well he punched that older man. I don't know if he was young or old. I don't know. Was older. First Time I met Charlamagne, somebody they tried to jump you outside the station. He was getting beat up gang number. That's what you're talking about. But nobody felt bad for him. Everybody Should funny. They should Got beat up. You got beat up three times. They should because You got beat up. First of all, first of all, the guy at the drug store beat the shit out of him. Okay. The other one, they punched me in the back of the head and that's when I ran into the station.


Yeah. He ran into the Stations. But that was a different kind of, that was a different Situation. But nobody ever felt bad for him. He was doing, his job of Work was I was the bad guy. I'm the Yeah, he was the bad guy. Ladies self Proclaim these. That's not, that's apples and oranges. These ladies are playing basketball. Oh, but that, that make something make you think of something. No. Was it a mistake? Is it a mistake for Angel Reese to call herself the villain? No, she, well, she walked it back. She said, look, I've been trying to, I've tried to own the narrative and take this, but I refuse to take it. She was like, it's got You, got you, got you, Got you. It's too, I'm not built for this. I was dis Everybody's not built for that. Got you. And by the way, what black woman isn't a villain when she's comfortable in her own skin and speaking up against what's not Right. Everybody makes black women a villain when they're comfortable. Oh, You know this. I'm not making this up. They, the, we looking at Kamala, she's smart, she's intelligent and all of a sudden she's the bad.


How, how is she a bad guy in the race? She's not. How is she a bad person in the race? She's not To me. To us. She's not. And You got Mr. Grabbing by the pussy. How is she Right? And Trump is like a to it. And that's what I'm saying by, I know that there's no defense to it, but sometimes it's okay to If. you decide to do whatever you think is the defense, react to it because you literally cannot win. Because when you're a woman and you're the bad guy, you're right. We don't get the like toted. You're the out here. You're doing well, you're speaking up for yourself. We don't get that. It's different for us. And, I don't know why it's like that. And I don't know if it's ever gonna change. But I get what y'all think. I think we're having two different okay. Conversations. I'm just talking about when you are a successful person, This comes with it. All of the bullshit comes through all the talking shit to harassment. All of this men, And, I agree.


And you and you. And after a while, in the beginning it hurts. Right? And then after a while you don't care no more. You're just like, okay, what? I only date white men. Okay, I got it. Okay. What? I'm an angry black woman. Okay, I got it. You Just don't care who only date white men. That's I'm just saying about narrative. Call Dr with my right fucking hours. Get 'em on line. One. My point is, is that I've been wanting to have this intervention. Are you Stupid? This intervention? My point is, is that there will be a narrative that follows you no matter what and you take it. No I don't. Oh, You starving. Why would you say that's the first thing you said? I date black men. Okay. I date black men. I believe you. Thank you. You see how you see how you do me? Yep. Can we talk about how Carrie heard A-W-N-B-A played at the game? I did Do that. Show me the pictures. What was that young lady name?


I'm not gonna say because I did not hate her. I'm not gonna say. So I'm sitting, lemme tell you. I'm sitting courtside minding my own business. Charmagne like you over there looking six, eight. How tall are you? What are you doing? It just so happens one of the ladies tumbled from the Las Vegas ACEs in front of where I was sitting. And I was just looking and it was sad. She Hit her hand on Carrie's boot boot. Look Carrie, Carrie had that boot caught side. Wow. Carrie over there sitting like a big old nigga legs open, Hey You, know what I'm saying? Hands between her legs. Like what the fuck, whatever. It takes the liberty to win whatever it takes for the liberty to win. I'm like, who is Carrie wanting to fight? What's going on? Why was you sitting like this? NB? Why Do you have to deal with this? Why, why, Why? Carrie had some cognac in that you I did not have any A cognac in your head.


I don't drink. That's The first thing he came in to say. He was like, look at Carrie. She had, she had a, she was sitting like a nigga. He he Something Big ass boots. And she keep In the head. He was like, you got your legs open. You sitting like a man who you think you is. And. I was like, oh wait. After while I was like, wait, no, No. When I saw the picture, I was like, did car used to play sports? I did say that. I thought And I was like, did she play basketball or something? Because I was like, I am. I looking like a man. Okay, tell me. I was, first of all, I You was in the zone though. I Was in the zone. I was watching the game. That's how people watch the game. And you are up here like, I look like a man. I was like, I was, ain't that rude. I don't know why you consider him a friend. Like he's, he, he be Talking bad About me All the time. He was like, I was in a group chat and they said you was fine. I said, I Hershey was a man.


I was just Like, why do you do That? I didn't say a man not know who. What'd you say? You be not, you be not you be not on this day. I'll Come over there. You out here. I said I heard her name used to be Carl. That's, I'm gonna say leave it alone. You better stop. I have a question for you. You better stop. You better now. See now. But Joe, but all jokes like Carrie is an example of what I, what I what she's talking about. 'cause it's like Carrie walks in the room, she just has a presence. Correct. Right. It's not 'cause she's just tall or it's just 'cause she really has a presence. I can see how that can intimidate some people. I, I and You know what I said to him and make people Uncomfortable. I No, I agree. I said I feel it when I, I feel it. And it's not a, it's not a cocky thing. I just feel it. When I walk in a room, people stop. They pay attention, they look and it makes people uncomfortable.


I understand that. But it's just who I am. It's my com I'm my level of comfort. Wherever I'm at, I'm at home in my body, wherever I'm at. And so I I get why you said that and that's why he said, are you six foot eight? And I'm like, no, I'm just five 10 sitting Mind my business. But it's not a size thing though. Like, like when Stephanie Mills walks in the room, you just big presence feel it. Big presence. That's what I'm saying. You feel it and you either are comfortable with it or you're not comfortable with it. You can relate. No she can't. When did you get comfortable with it? Karen? At what age? At what age did you get comfortable with it? 'cause 'cause Stephanie said she didn't get it till she was 55. Oh wow. Yeah. I'd probably say within, I probably when I was like 35, I just knew. But first of all, I look this is sound crazy and y'all and you and you, everybody in this room can relate to this.


I hope in some way. You ever felt like you were just special and set apart? Absolutely. Hundred percent. From seven years old. Absolutely seven years old. I was like, oh, I'm different. And. I didn't know what that meant or felt like. And I've just, I've walked in that ever since until you realize, oh this is what that means. And people resent you for it. People love you for it. People hate you for it. Both. And that's what we're dealing with. Caitlyn and Angel, they're just different. And of course there are players in the league. I'm not saying anybody hates them. But you can't, you can't decide who will be the supernova. You can't decide who's gonna be the person that carries us into a different stratosphere. That's right. It just happens. It's something that is destined. It's what it is. You couldn't tell me. Breakfast Club would not be the voice of the people and then also elevate into more things.


Like it just happens. You were assigned, you were assigned, you were assigned. It is what it is. And so once you realize that you've already felt it. I felt it since I was a kid. And I. I knew


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Focus features presents piece by piece a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at peace by piece film.com.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th. Bow and Yang, And I Matt Rogers are unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number 3 7272. Nancy, Nancy Carrigan. We will never really know why, why we have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael Bobro. That's really good. Once, once you hear I am Michael Bobro You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate Christian. She's not a Christian. Out Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint Friday, listen to Lost Callistus on Will Ferrell's Big Money players network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh look, If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was, but I was just like, okay, what does this look like? How, what am I gonna do with it? And and these two ladies are learning to deal with that. They know they're assigned, they know they're special, they know they set apart and they also know that people resent them because there are the folks that were before them that actually laid the foundation. The Don Staleys, the Cheryl Swoopes, the Candace Parkers, the Les, Lisa, Leslie, Lisa Leslie. You can go down the list of women who really put this league in its place and put it, put it literally on the map. But you can't assign who's going to be the supernova to take us to that next level. And it just so happens that it's a woman by the name of Caitlin Clark and Angel Reese. And that story is so damn compelling. Black versus white. I mean think That story sells regardless. I mean even in boxing, when you look at boxing any, when this, when it's race, I think it sells regardless.


Regardless. Because people wanna rep their race. Taylor Swift and Beyonce. Beyonce, we, that's our next episode. Our next episode is about the rivalry or the perceived rivalry goes beyond sport. Find me any black and white version and people are going to compare because that's what people do. And they have to tell you one is better than the other. But both of those ladies were assigned. They're special and set apart in their own world. Powerful. But people still wanna put them in verses and wanna say one is better than the other. You're a lifelong Lakers fan. So you've seen the Lakers Celtics rivalry. What makes this Caitlin Angel thing similar to magic and and Bird outside of the race thing? Like just, what is it? Well, they don't play the same position. So I I I do wanna say that 'cause I hear a lot of players saying they don't play the same position.


So why is there a rivalry? It's a rivalry because it's magic. And Bird didn't play the same Position. Right, but it's a rivalry because, well, and that was but they were more, they were more equivalent. Caitlyn right now is all offense. She is spectacular and of, she's always gonna be more dynamic in the sense that offense gets people in the stands and makes people pay attention. She is shooting from the logo and it's crazy. It's insane what she can do when she really gets in her, her zone. And what Angel is doing, I think is different. While she's good on defense and she'll get our offensive game together eventually what she is doing, she's doing something that we haven't seen, in my opinion, A-W-N-B-A player do or a black female athlete do in a very long time.


She's getting laal to come to the games. Meg thee stallion is talking about what she wants to do. She's at the Met Gala, she's living in The World. They, they're rapping about her akin to Drake rapping about LeBron. Yeah, she has, she's done something that hasn't been done before. And I don't even know if she's aware of it. Even Serena, I love s Lisa that was happening with people Talked about that wasn't happening with Lisa Leslie. Not in that, not at that way, not in that capacity. Not in that way. Like these are her people. She's kicking it with Megan. She's kicking it With Lisa Lato just did her podcast. Podcast. Like they're her people. They are her friends. She has all the influence around influencers around her and they want to be around her. We've seen that happen. Athletes wanna be ballers and ballers wanna be athletes. We've only seen that with men. We haven't seen that with women. Especially not a black woman.


Serena, I'll give her Serena because she was popular and she had a lot of people, but it was tennis and she and she did bring all the stars. So look, you get, I You know apples and oranges. She did bring a lot of stars to the game. But I truly honestly believe for A-W-N-B-A player, a black woman, to have this effect in the culture. She is the culture. She's representing the culture. She the it girl, she the hot girl. You can't teach that either. You can't teach that you God, that or you don't. She got it. Like she's on assignment. It's in her, not on her. She's On assignment's. I I had ask them when it happened, I would love to hear what you had to say about it. Like when she had to sit out for the rest of the season. Does that affect, 'cause I mean she has all that but like she's not playing the game for the rest of the season. So that, does that affect what she was doing? Or like what will happen moving forward?


No, she look may have a truncated season anyway. I think that if she would've continued to play, maybe the Chicago Sky would've made it to the playoffs. But she made a smart decision in my, in my opinion, which is to take care of herself now so she can come back stronger than ever. It doesn't affect her. It did affect the rookie race. I I in some capacity. I thought Kaitlyn Clark was gonna be rookie of the year anyway. I just thought she was because even Though that re Reese had a, a great first half. Yeah, I just, and Kaitlin's first half was Kind of high. It was at, but it balanced out because one, not only did she take her team to the playoffs that hadn't been in like 10 years, Caitlyn, she requires something more. You can't really defend a shot. Like when they were like triple teaming her and double teaming her, she figured it out.


She just figured it out. And that to me, for a rookie is really special because how many times have we heard about rookies in the NBA? They gonna be it. They gonna be That's right. How many rookies have been it? That's right. When you start looking at these rookies and you're like, who's, who's really it? LeBron Right after LeBron, who was the rookie? That was it. Name one after LeBron who lived up to all the hype after LeBron? Oh, after LeBron. Oh. Who lived up to all the hype? Nobody buy me the Number one pick number one, one pick. Who lived up to all the hype after LeBron? Nobody. I don't look at me. I wouldn't know. It took them a, it takes them a couple of years to figure it out. It's a different league. But I'm, if we're just doing athletes on athletes, I'm just saying let's talk about it.


It's a different league. Obviously different requirements. But Look, maybe Victor And Edwards, but it took a minute. Everybody thought Zion was gonna be it. What about Victor win? He thought Zion, was it Victor sorta kind of still Special average. Yeah, still special. But he wouldn't giving everybody the business. Yeah. Yeah. It's nobody. Yeah, I get what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why I was mad when people were like, they're jealous of her. And we heard all these, the the men, the men explaining that the women were jealous of Caitlyn. I was like, but what about when everybody was gonna at LeBron's head, when you are the, when you are the most sought after the most talked about I have. Okay, well Welcome to the league. Let me show you what this is. Kace Parker, her i, we always give this, always give this example. Candace Parker's rookie year. She got a two piece, they had her on the ground.


They were beating her like literally trying to beat her up. And it was at benches. Everybody got off the benches. Lisa Leslie got pushed down. No one ever talked about it. And then you're talking about Caitlin Clark and you're like, oh. They poked her in the eye. They stabbed her in the eye. Oh they, they're just so mean to her. What game have you been watching these ladies ball? They Ball they Ball. And you even said that when you were watching, you were like, this game is good. Yeah, I mean I, I watched it on television, but going to the liberty and it's a thing game, it was like, wow. It's a whole new thing. It's, I enjoyed it thoroughly, like in a lot of ways more than the men's game. A Lot of ways. 'cause because they're so fundamentally sound That they You know the basics and they, and everyone's like, oh, they don't dunk. And they, and then so when Caitlyn started to shoot like Steph, you didn't have that excuse anymore to say you weren't watching a game don't play.


Like, And that's the new dunk. The logo three is the new dunk. Anyway, so What did Steph, I used to say this and still believe the reason why Steph Curry is the most impactful player the NBA has ever seen is because he made everybody believe he made the average kid in the backyard shoot from the logo, believe that they could do it. I don't have to be six foot eight, I gotta dunk. I don't to be built like LeBron. I don't have to dunk. If I can shoot from here, I can be like Steph. That is why people love Kailyn Clark's game because they believe, oh, I can do that. Little girls are at home watching. I'm sitting next to this little girl right now. This little girl at the game last, the other night was like, oh wow. Like, so like, and You know why she's watching because when she saw Kaitlyn Clark out there, she could relate. She was like, 'cause I don't know if I'm ever gonna be Asia Wilson's height, but, and by the way, everyone's tall.


I mean Steph is tall, Caitlin's tall, but they don't feel unattainable. It feels like it's not aspirational. It's like I can do that. It's not six Eight, it's not six nine. Correct. Correct. I don't like how you looked at me this morning. You said everybody's tall. You started to say except you. But do you I I I saw you. How tall Are you? 5 4, 5 8. You sure thick. It's cool. Showman's five four. What I'm showing what? Thick. I said that to you the other day. Stocking your hips. Were I told you you starting to get hips. I told you that Hip he be, he would like a point guard. Right? He got you got hips. For real? I said that to you. Look at your hips. I ain't got no hips and a big booty. You Be working out though. Thick. Oh, thick. You Why your hands up like that?


When do it though? Hands because he's been hands on the knees, hands in the air. It's crazy. Not even on the knees. That's crazy. He's crazy. If, if Caitlyn and Angel are magic and bird, who's gonna be Jordan? Ooh, I, if I had to say who Jordan is right now and she's so humble with it. Juju. Well we don't know yet. She could be, but right now, Wilson, if I talking about Asia Wilson, if I had to talk about who, meaning like Asia is a guaranteed bucket. I know, I know. They may not win this series as we know and we're watching their down to two nothing. But Asia to me is she does it all. She does it all. No, I agree. She's into pain. She's defense, she's offense. She's literally, she's a leader on that court.


She requires more. I'm watching her. I'm like, If, you were a man. We'd be talking about this more Greatest WNBA player that's playing today. You know I love Asia Wilson. I think she's more like Tim Duncan though. Why? Just because she's great on both ends of the court. Right. And even though her personality is really big, right? I'm not talking about, I'm just talking about the way they play. For whatever reason, you don't appreciate that type of game. She's so fundamentally sound dominates on both, both sides of the court. You know she gonna show up every game, but it just feels more Tim Duncan is Tim Duncan is the greatest power forward of all time, by the way. Yeah, he is. But I, I feel like there's something more special about her. I I But to the point where Jordan, Why we don't think Duncan is special because he beat the Lakers. He, That's why. No, and because George Duncan is phenomenal.


He is. He spread. Dunking was special for two things. Right. And we gotta keep it a buck. He played for the Spurs. Very humble team, very quiet team. He's a quiet, humble man. You need to, you need to have your tongue hanging out your mouth. You need to talk a little shit. Yeah. That's why we love Jordan. Jordan gave us flash. He gave us a show. I need to be entertained if I'm gonna watch basketball. I'm not saying that doesn't mean Tim Duncan isn't that great. But that's why people forget. That's why they forget about Kareem. Yeah. They forget about the greatest man ever who created the sky. They forget about Kareem in a lot of ways. Absolutely. And you remember magic 'cause he was Showtime. Yeah. The Lakers created Showtime. That's why you remember Magic Over and Magic's one of your favorite players. Why do we love Kobe? 'cause Kobe was like, we knew he was a dog and he didn't care about nobody. That's right. You love that.


We need both. And, and that which is unfortunate. 'cause it goes back to my point. Angel has that trash talk in her. She got that dog in her. But we don't allow women to play sports. Like men play sports. We don't allow women, we don't consume women the way we consume men when it comes to sports. Asia and Don are the reason I started watching women's basketball so much. Asia. Asia is to me the greatest to me to, and that and that and that and that says a lot. She and she's so humble with it though. That's why we're not paying. She's so humble with it. That's true. And. I. And I'm just like, she's the, she's the greatest. I don't know what Juju will be. I don't wanna put that on her. I think Juju is gonna Juju, Watkins is gonna ball. I think she's gonna be something super special. I think this, I think this class, Paige Becker's, who's at UConn, I think she's gonna be special.


What Paige is gonna do, because she has a black stepmother, what she is going to do is be able to kill this, this narrative of black versus white. Because when she got up at the ESPYs and said, I just wanna give a special shout out to black women, to me, I understood that she knew her assignment. She sees that sometimes these black women in this sport have been ignored. Look, 75% are L-B-G-T-Q-I-A. You can't market that to middle America. So that's why it was so hard for the WNBA to take off. So then you have this, this, this white Catholic woman who comes in from Iowa and it felt more comfortable to watch for the masses. And that's why It's still 75%. Now I would, I I look 70 I I yeah.


Go back and forth regardless of what the number is, the majority is. And it's hard to market that to a country that doesn't wanna deal with that. Right. It's hard to market that. And not to me. But for them it was hard. And this is where two things where the WNBA needs to embrace it. They need to embrace who these women are, what their sexuality is, how they live their lives. They also need to get them some security. That's right. And they can't make one person be the main person, because that causes resentment and strife. And so they need to really, this league is growing overnight. And the WNBA needs to figure it out quickly. It's growing so fast. I mean, think about last year, not the WNBA, but the women's college basketball NCAA finals 19 between Iowa and South Carolina.


The 19 some odd million people Watch more than the men. They didn't, they didn't expect that unheard of. They didn't expect that Unheard of. And the, and the, and and at the time when, when Angel Reese beat Iowa and LSU beat Iowa, it was 9.9 million people at the time. That was the largest they had ever seen. And, and, and not for nothing. You know Caitlin Clark, they had this exhibition game her senior year going into her senior year. They played basketball in a football, in a football stadium. 55,000 people showed up to watch women, women play basketball. That's 55,000 people. Crazy. Showed up to watch women play sports. That's crazy. It's, it's, I mean, we're in a different, we're in a different world right now. By the time your children are ready to go pro and play and play, and your girls are ready to play, they gonna make money.


Yeah. Make money. And you got phenomenal. You said you got Paige coming, you got Juju coming, you got Dy Crooks at Iowa State. You got Malaysia for Wiley at Carolina. Oh, She's, she's special Ball Beast. Beast. There are so many great players. And we're, and they've been there. The product has already always been there. We just now started paying attention. We just started. Is that so it's something special. And everybody watches women's sports. That's not just cliche. Shout out to my girl, Justine Brown, who came up with that. So what do you see the WNBA five years from now? I see, I see more money. I see it competing in a real way with the NBA. I say that only because of those two women in that storyline. The storyline will be, will be a trope for another couple of years.


Because it's interesting and people are compelled to pay attention to it. And you love to pick a side. But I also know that on football Sunday, when Caitlin Clark was playing in the playoffs on a football Sunday, her game against the Connecticut Sun literally average 1.2 million viewers on a football Sunday. You need to tell me people weren't watching football. They went to turn to watch women's basketball. Not men's basketball. A playoff game the first round. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's a wrap. This is, this is the future. So I agree. So be prepared and anybody listening, make sure your, your daughter can play sports. 'cause she gonna take care of y'all. It'll be the daughter with who buying a house. Like we'll hear those stories. Wow. We'll hear the story.


I bought my mama a house. I bought my mama a car. I put her deserve life through school. I went back to, I went back to my, my, my favorite high school. And I gave everybody scholarships. The stories that we hear in see will be for, for, for men, for the Men will be the stories that we hear and see for the women. These, these rappers will be talking about these women. These women will have big, major, major deals when it comes to marketing. They won't be sitting in the back. And it won't be just because they are cute. It will be because I'm old enough to remember five years ago when they talked about women, it was always, who's the hottest? When I talk about women in sports, it was who's the hottest, it was never who was the best on the court or who was the best playing tennis, or it was like, who look good. Serena made all that attention. Although she was great.


But the catsuit, we all remember that cat suit, that black cat suit. We only, we only sexualized What I, I used to have that picture hanging up in there. Remember when she was, because she was, she had the, she was hitting, there was a, I had an action shot where she had the tennis racket and she was about to hit the ball. I used to have it hanging up in the studio. You Hanging up because she was about to hit the ball? No, I had it hanging up in old studios. Well, why, why? Serena was amazing. Okay. I had a top five list. It was of remember leave it alone. But it was Serena, Patty LaBelle, Kelly Rowland. Oh, Okay. See my Point, Jennifer Lopez and Stacey Dash. See My point. The hottest. Yeah, the hottest. That's all they used to be. They were sexualized. And. I wasn't sexualized. I just thought they were funny. No, Not you. Listen, Listen, listen.


Sexualized, sexy. You weren't like, he wasn't like, dang. I Love that. I love, Ooh. I love the way she hit the ball. Serena serve is crazy. It was the first, the immediate thought is that she bad. She's bad. Bad. Yeah. And that's fine because that's how men see women. I understand that. But soon it'll be like, what's her game like? I promise you this conversation about what they look like. We'll always still be there because men are men. But the reality is, the skillset will be the first thing. When you think about Kaitlyn Clark, you're not looking at her like, are you bad? You're not thinking that at all, are you? You think Caitlyn Clark's, It's also an age thing too. I'm You know. First of all, when have you ever known me be attracted to a white woman? Yeah, that's what you said. Absolutely not. Now. You don't like white women now?


Oh, I don't. You can't even, you don't. Ain't nobody even gonna believe that one. Lauren ain't never told you. Lauren. Lauren. You can say that all day. We'll talk after the show. Ain't nobody even gonna believe that one. Don't Wanna put my butt on blast. Okay. No, That's, I did this Loves You. know who she loves. Travis Kelsey. Oh, okay. She had Travis Kelsey as her used screen table. I used to. I used to. And Caleb and Kayla. Exactly. Kayla, No, you tried to throw that one on me and it backfired. Love a white man with a bid. Dangerous. A white man with a bid. Yeah. But no, I Travis, everybody gets a Travis thing. We don't, not anymore. But everybody gets to Travis thing because he has swag. Swag. It wasn't even that he was attractive. He just had swag. I'm trying. I'm confused now. What he had. 'cause it went away so fast. A white Man with a bid and some Tims, she love him. She want a lumberjack.


So bad Little this little edge. You like white man too? No, I don't. She does. She does. I don't. I mean, I don't, yeah, I do. No offense. White man. Carrie. She's single. Oh, what advice would you give her? I was single the last time you was here. I But you, you got some booze now, right? Some. So what are the dms like now? Are they worthy? Because I wanna give you some advice. I feel like even if they, it is a little hard to navigate sometimes. 'cause like where did you come from and why? Yeah. Sometimes There's an there's a motive. Yeah. Yeah. There's An ulterior motive. Yeah. Yeah. And. I could tell that in the conversation because it'll go from You know. Like the, they, they'll bring the jokes from the show into the DM and all that. And then it'll go to, oh, 'cause I got what jokes?


The single, it'll be like, oh, you Don't shave under their Arms. You single tell them leave you alone. No, the ones that's real serious. Don't bring that up. 'cause they already know. Second, You don't shave under your arms. I do One, one armpit. One armpit started the no one armpit. She came in here one day and had hair under one armpit. It was crazy. Carrie, sorry Carrie. It was insane. Yeah, my bad. That's when I was like, yo, You're moving and grooving. I'm not You know. I'm not worried about anything. But You know something that Yeah. First of all, my advice would be have a little fun. Right? Try, try, try to go with that. That like You know. That's how that've been on my list. I've been on my hit list. But You've been having fun for a long time. Karen, First of all, envy. Sorry, go ahead. Relax. No, I have not Have A little fun. But You know don't, don't go too crazy.


Not too Crazy. Because they'll put your business in the street in a minute. That that's the thing to tell. They Put your business in streets. All the they women. They are. They'll put your business in and they'll lie on. They'll lie. Men, y'all lie. Y'all stay lying on Y'all stuff. They can't wait to say they hit Lauren LaRosa. Hate Laurent. They lying. She a little hand on one arm pit. But it was cool You. know what I'm saying? It was, we appreciate you joining. Thank you.


Make sure you subscribe to the making of a rivalry podcast. Caitlin Clark versus Angel Reese on the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network. It will be a documentary soon visual documentary. It's an audio documentary now, but We put it out there. And Carrie, you stay in New York or you going, you can come up here once a Year. I can. I try to come all the time. He Doesn't want me on, on Sports Talk. All these things to talk about. Listen, I've been trying to get this one. I be like, okay, lemme call Eddie again. Damn it. Shout Eddie. Carrie, why? Why you, why trying To, that can come up anytime she want to. I'll back busy. You carry, be on CNN and all kind of stuff. Listen to Carrie Booked and Busy. But I'll be back. I love talking to y'all. It's very comfortable. Shout out to everybody who's listening. Please go pay attention to this. I'm seriously this, this docuseries is special. It is. I'm so proud of it. Like I've done a lot of stuff. This is what I'm proud of. I'm really, really proud of it because we talk about everything and it's just beautiful. Y'all beautiful. So thank you For supporting.


You'll have your coffee next time too. Yeah, I know. Shout out to Brandon who didn't get it. Oh, he loves white women Carry Champion. That's the black man that loves white women. It's Carry Champion. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


Hey everybody. The time has finally come this week, starting October 7th through October 11th. That's Monday through Friday. Everybody. We are revealing the Iconic 400. Yes. Bow and Yang. And I famously missed our 400th episode here on Las Co East us. But we are ready to reveal the Iconic 400. Who is on the list? Does it matter? No. Will it be fun? Yeah, there might even be a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Listen to Lost Culture Us on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Happening now on the iHeart app, we're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect your mental space? Number one rule, Don't read the comments, Man. Nasty. This episode is gonna hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart Radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview.


Now,


Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, nerves the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


My name is branded Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer, actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think. Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.