
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying


life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back, and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people,


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Some in the south side of Chicago is calling, and the shy is back May 16th on Paramount Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules in the Showtime original series from Emmy winner Le Wa. They've been loyal, they've been patient, and now it's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season screaming May 16th, only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We got a special guest in the building. Yes, Indeed. We have the, We have Dr. Judith Joseph. Welcome. Thank You. So great to be here. Morning Mental Health Awareness Month. Yes. Happy Mental Health Awareness Month. So you have a new book out now called High Functioning. Overcome Your Hidden Depression and Reclaim Your Joy. What does Hidden Depression look like? Ooh. So Hidden Depression is not like the typical depression. You, when people think of depression, they think of someone crying, not getting outta bed, but Hidden Depression hides behind a mask of pathologically being pathologically productive. So imagine, you know, a single mom working to take care of her kids working out her job. And she cannot slow down. People depend on her.


So what does she do? She shows up to work with a smile on her face. She's showing up for others, but she feels no joy. And it's something called anhedonia. It's a scientific term that I study in my lab. People don't even know it exists. So, Hidden Depression doesn't necessarily look sad, but it doesn't feel joy. It feels empty. And I, I don Oh, go ahead. I actually, I have a friend who just experienced that. Right? And he called me with like, like he had just hit the lottery though. It was so, it was, it was unusual. I don't like to say weird. It was so unusual. He called me, he said, yo, I just figured something out. I'm like, what? He was like, I've been depressed all this time. I'm depressed. And I'm like, why you, why, why you want a steak or a cookie?


Like, why are you so excited about it? Like, this is not good news. He was like, no, no, no. I like, I'm not suicidal or anything. I just been burying myself in my work. Yes. And I'm the most productive, but I'm not happy. My wife, she gets no attention from me. I'm not like mentally there for my kids. And I just found out, I was talking to my therapist and we, you know, and he got, he was diagnosed and he has, he, he's depressed. And it was so crazy because I, when when you think of depression, you know, you think of, you know, the suicidal thoughts and sad, damn, you can't get outta bed. He was the opposite. But he was still depressed. So I just, I just found that out. Wow. Yeah. You know why he was happy?


It was because there's a termed psychology called affect labeling. When you know what you're dealing with, the uncertainty of not knowing how you feel just makes you feel so stressed. You feel like, okay, maybe there's something wrong with me. What I have to complain about, maybe it's my fault. But when someone tells you no, what you're experiencing is anhedonia, it's actually a scientific symptom. Many people struggle with it. Then you feel as if, okay, it's not my fault. There's a term for this. I know what I'm working with here so I can do something about it. And as human beings, our birthright is joy. Like joy is literally built into our DNA. And if we can't access that joy, that's a problem. So just because someone's not getting out, not, you know, in bed and crying all day, doesn't mean that it's not a problem.


We have to address this lack of joy. How Do you get out of it? Right? So let's say you work with somebody who bullies you all the time, says you are Spanish. When you're black, you, you, you know somebody who has a bad wig and you have to see it all the time. How do you get out of that place of working with the, because you gotta go to work. You got, why you looking at me like that? That's just a silly, you gotta make money. So how do you get outta of that serious? I'm being serious because there's people that don't wanna work, people. That's, I believe, how do you get outta that? But you know what he's doing right now? He's accessing joy, you know, being playful, being comical. He is finding a way through a difficult situation by accessing joy. Right? But many of us just go to work and we do.


No, I'm not being serious. But how do you, how do, if you work with somebody that you don't like, but you still need to get money. I'm not talking about Charlemagne or just Yeah. Or Lauren. But when people that you know, don't like their job. Yeah. But how do you continue to go through that? 'cause you still need money. You still gotta pay for the food on the table. You still gotta pay for rent, you still gotta pay for your car, you still gotta pay for your kids. How do you get through that? What do you tell people to do? There's actually a term in my book called the bio psychosocial Model, right? So what you're talking about, and what you so eloquently said is actually a model used by every single medical student in The World, right? The biopsychosocial is like a fingerprint. We all have our fingerprints, but it's all unique. So we each have a biopsychosocial. So for example, the person you're talking about, the biopsychosocial for that person, socially, what's happening is that they're in this stressful situation.


They're not supported. They're actually being, you know, there's microaggressions, maybe macroaggressions at work, but that's just one part of why they're no longer happy. It's one of the things that's training their, the science of their happiness, right? The other parts of that model are the biological. So maybe this person also has a medical condition, like, I don't know, diabetes or psychologically they have past trauma. So all of those things play into what's taking away from their points of joy. So understanding where the stressor are and what's causing you to be unhappy is important. But even within stressful situations, because I've traveled The World over 30 countries looking at joy, even when people don't have running water, even when they're in war zones, they can still access joy.


So find something that makes you happy regardless Of the situation. Because joy is a survival technique. We have to access joy in order to survive, not just to thrive, but to survive. So you can find ways at work to connect with someone else. Maybe someone else is going through it with you. So you're sharing, you're venting. You know, maybe you can use a candle at work, something fragment to stimulate the senses or make sure that you're leaving work and having lunch like a human being instead of being in front of a screen. Right? There are things, ways that you can access joy because it's a, a survival technique. I, I believe that, I believe joy is survival technique. We actually had Lizzo on, and we were talking about that. But I also feel like some people fake happy and they fake joy. So what does the real joy look like?


That's why I say understand the science of your happiness. There's only one Leonard. There's only one Judith, you know, ever in the history of the universe and the future. So what is it about you that makes you joyful? And in my research lab, when we're studying joy, we're actually adding up points. For example, if you took a rest and you woke up, did you feel refreshed? That's a point. If you were hungry and you savored a meal, that's a point. If you were lonely, you connected with someone. That's a point. But the rest of The World is so busy chasing this idea of happy, right? I will be happy when I get the perfect partner. I'll be happy when I pay off my debt. I'll be happy when I have a house. The science shows us that even when those things happen, we're still not happy. So we have to access the points of joy that really feed into our unique sense of happiness.


For me, it's connection. If I'm busy, if I'm speaking at places, if I'm on TV all the time and I'm not connecting with my family, I'm gonna be unhappy. But for you, it could be something else. What are the signs of Hidden Depression and High Functioning depression? Yeah. So many people confuse High Functioning depression with Burnout. The difference is that, you know, for Burnout, let's say you go to a party and you say, I'm burnt out. People are like, oh, me too, me three, right? But if you walk into a party and you say, I'm depressed, people are like, oh, you should do something about that. Right? Like, like your friend, right? You got Cocaine right here. All we gotta do is snippet. So, so when you think about Burnout, right?


Burnout by definition is a occupational hazard. When the WHO, The World Health Organization classified it, it's the, the workplace causing the symptoms. So technically you take the person outta the workplace, they should get better with High Functioning folks. Even when you take them outta the workplace, they're not better. What are they doing? They're busying themselves on a side hustle or two, they're taking on somebody's problems. They, they can't sit still. They're cleaning out their house or their garage, right? Because it's not the workplace, it's not something on the outside. It's something inside that's unresolved. So this hidden trauma, this unresolved pain. So they're trying to outrun it by busying themselves. So when they sit still, they feel empty. When they're not working, they feel restless.


Lemme ask you a question. I, I feel like, and this, this is a good thing, but I also feel like it's a bad thing. I feel like in the last 10 years, so many people have been talking about all these mental health issues and terms. Does it, sometimes it feel like it's a overload. 'cause it's like, you know, you get a pain, right? You, you Google it, and then there's 30 things that's wrong with you. Now you, you, you're even more confused, right? Is that the same thing with a lot of, sometimes with a lot of these terms, like when you hear certain things is now I'm depressed. Now I'm a High Functioning, depressed, now I have anxiety. Now I have this. Is it like, do you feel like it's too much for people? And how can people really break that all down to realize what they really have and what's really bother 'em? 'cause everything sounds the same at some times.


Emini Here, it's a great question, but the, the term affect labeling in psychology shows us that when you can name it appropriately, right? It decreases the anxiety. Think about if you were in a room and it was pitch black and you heard a loud crash, some of us would start swinging, some would start screaming, someone would start running. But if you turn that light on and you saw what it was, a voz fell or some inanimate object, you feel relaxed. Right? Why? Because you know what you're dealing with know what it is, right? It's the not knowing and not naming appropriately. That creates a lot of anxiety. So people end up just drinking a lot, right? To soothe that thing. 'cause they don't know what it is. Or they end up gambling or spending a lot of money or doing things busying themselves to outrun this pain. They don't understand. Right? And It's interesting too, 'cause you know, I, I, I think what envy is speaking to, to me anyway, is the fact that there was a time when nobody used to talk about their mental health issues.


So we went from saying, we don't, we don't speak about this at all. To, in order to eradicate the stigma, we gotta tell our story. So now people are not just going out there to get help and understanding what they're dealing with. They're telling their stories. They're telling their story, but still, the older generations are not as open. Yeah. Right? The younger ones, they wanna talk about it. They wanna feel seen, they wanna feel connected. And many of them do sometimes inappropriately use a label to connect, right? But there are still a lot of stigma. You know, the places I go, the corporations I go to, it's still more accepted to say burnt out than depressed. But we have to name what it is because the supports are gonna look very different. The resources look very different. Now, how do you know the difference between somebody who's staying busy as a response to trauma, to somebody who's actually really busy?


Yes. Great question. It's the anhedonia. You know, when you ask someone who's busy, but they're actually pathologically productive, they're not getting joy, you know, they end up at my office in Manhattan and they're like, I don't know what's wrong. Everything looks good on the outside, but I just don't feel joyful. Mm. Whereas someone who's actually engaged in what they're doing, they're, they got the pep in their step, they're engaged and they're connected, and they're feeling as if they're getting a sense of purpose. Versus when you keep doing over time without actually tapping into purpose, you do feel numb. You're like, why am I doing this? But you cannot stop because you're trying to outrun something that you don't even know is there. Now you talked about, you know, working and being at rest.


So how do you know when you're at rest and, and be and okay with being at rest? One of the points of joy that we measure in my research lab is actually that, it's called psycho mode a agitation. It's a terrible scientific term. But what it means is that you can't sit still. You're just on edge. And when you add a points of joy, being able to be calm and not stressed is actually a point that many of us leave on the table. We often think, oh, that's anxiety, not depression. But no, it's almost like a different side of the same coin, right? You can't be joyful if you're stressed. Do you know anyone who's been really stressed out, who is like also joyful? No. And then, and look at the monks in other countries and the gurus, they may have just a mat to sleep on and bread and water, but they are joyful because they're at peace.


So if you're not feeling that sense of peace and you have that inner restlessness, it's really difficult to be joyful. But is Everybody's piece the same piece Though? It's not. And that's why I said, understand the science of your happiness. In my book, I actually have that model so that I democratize this information. Why are just the doctors and medical students holding onto this? Every patient that comes to my lab draws their own biopsychosocial, right? So you wanna figure out what are the things that are taking away from my happiness, right? If you don't understand what's taking away their points of joy, how can you understand the science of your happiness? So in some cases, you're gonna look at the social factors, right? Someone who is partnered with somebody who's toxic, Emini here, they could eat all the kale they want, they're still gonna be unhappy, right? Versus somebody who, let's say psychologically they dealt with a lot of trauma in their childhood and neglected, abused.


We need to address that first because it's really hard to joy when you're in fight or flight. And then biologically, let's say it's someone who has an autoimmune condition, right? If you're constantly in a state of high inflammation, your brain's not gonna be happy. So everyone's so unique, but we're chasing things that work for other people without understanding our own science. And going back to what you said just a minute ago when you were saying people bury themselves in work and they, they have to be doing something all the time, they're always at their busiest. How do you, I don't know how to ask. Like, how are you supposed to feel when you do nothing? Yes. Like,


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out and watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I am talking to a felon right now And I cannot decide if I like him or not. Those were some callers from my call in podcast therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take real phone calls from anonymous strangers all over The World as a fake gecko therapist and try to dig into their brains and learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's pretty interesting if you give it a shot. Matter of fact, here's a few more examples of the kinds of calls we get on this show. I Live with my boyfriend And I found his piss jar in our apartment. I collect my roommates toenails and fingernails. I have very overbearing parents, even at the age of 29, they won't let me move out of their house. So if you want an excuse to get out of your own head and see what's going on in someone else's head, search for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. It's the one with the green guy on it.


How Are you know what I'm saying? Yes. Like how are you supposed to feel when you do just do nothing? My Clients ask me that all the time because High Functioning folks have something called all or nothing thinking. Mm. When you tell them that you need to slow down, they're like, well, I can't stop. And I'm like, hold on a second. Stopping is not equivalent to slowing down. But their role, their sense of their worth is so tied closely to what they do. Hmm. They feel like without their role, they're unlovable. That they are lazy. Yeah. Right. So we have to challenge a lot of that. And in the PTSD, the post-traumatic stress research that I do with combat veterans, what we see is that, you know, people who are triggered by things like let's say a situation, a person, a, a place, you know, they avoid those things, right?


But those of us who are pathologically productive with High Functioning depression, we avoid dealing with the pain by working. So a lot of it is unpacking, what are you running from, right? You think you're chasing this gold, this happiness, but what are you actually running from, right? And, and the trauma response of, I don't feel worthy without my role. You know, that is exactly it. They don't even realize it's tied to some past unprocessed pain. So a lot of times we spend going back in the past, I'll ask them to, you know, open up their phones or bring in old pictures so we can trace back to a time when they actually were feeling purposeful and, and tapping into joy. And we try to figure out and unpack what was that trauma? And then we spend a lot of time in grounding, right?


Grounding techniques help you to calm that fight or flight. That's right. Because that busyness is you trying to outrun this past, right? So it doesn't look like flashback, it doesn't look like nightmares, but it's this busyness. 'cause you're trying to outrun your in fight or flight. But we spend a lot of time with grounding. And I talk about the techniques in my book so they feel at ease when they sit still. We're talking to Dr. Joseph, Judith Joseph. She has a new book out, High Functioning, overcome Your Hidden Depression and Reclaim Your Joy. What you gonna say, Joseph? What if you like live here in Manhattan? You can't ground out there, You Actually, but can You? Great question. You know, I, I actually taught Central Park, that's a good one. And I taught this course, the same one I'm teaching you about at the White House, right?


Talk about people who are in high stress situations at work, right? I taught them how they can actually ground at their desk. And there's a technique called the 5 4, 3, 2, 1, right? You can do it with a beverage, like a coffee or a tea. But what you do is you sit and for five minutes, every day you practice this, you hold onto that tea and you list five things you can see. So you describe the cup, you describe the liquid, you describe your hand, the table, like you're really describing five things that you see the color, four things that you feel. So you feel the cup, you feel the warmth, you feel the chair, you feel the ground under your feet. Three things that you can hear. So you may hear some wind outside, you may hear music, you may hear the sound of the beverage.


Two things that you can smell, you see, smell the fragrances in the cup and on you. One thing you can taste, you sip it. If you're doing 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, in that way, you're not thinking about your past pain. You're not getting triggered, you're not thinking about, you know, what's happening around you. You're so present and you're teaching your brain that you have the capacity to sit still and to be present. Because when we don't process that fight or flight, we feel disconnected from our bodies. But the grounding techniques allows us to sit still and just do nothing. Do you need to rest to, to find peace? I think so. It's one of the points of joy. You know? Excuse me. It's really difficult to access joy when you are restless. Mm. It's really difficult to access that feeling of happiness and pleasure when you ha when you're in fight or flight.


Right? So it's important to practice these peaceful methods. I think we, I I keep, I'm hung up on this one question you asked earlier was like, can you feel joy when you're stressed? It's very, very difficult. It's super difficult. You know, like imagine when you're stressed and you're sitting eating your food, many times, we'll like finish the bowl and we don't even know we finished our plate, right? Because our brain was somewhere else, so we missed out on a point of joy. Right? We weren't tasting the crunchy salad or the dressings. Right? Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. But like, mostly not even everything. 'cause I ain't trying to sound like a client here or anything like that, but a lot of things that you're saying, like I, I like live this every day.


Like I'll heat something up and then do something else and then forget that I'm even, and forget that I'm hungry and then do it. 'cause I'm trying to keep myself busy. Like, I wake up every morning at four, being here at six. We get done at a certain time. I go home, then I work on other businesses. And then I do. And then I have a eight month old baby And I have a 13-year-old son and I'm married. And I, it's so many different things, right? And The Drugs. And the drugs. So, so yeah, he does not have to put it on there like that. But yes. What I find for me, speaking of drugs at the end of the night, a good like pre-roll, like I fi for me weed that calms me down.


I'm able to relax and just like take a breath. But by the time that is, that's like 12, one o'clock in the morning, I gotta be back up at four. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, but I don't think I'm stressed or depressed. It's like, what the hell is going on? Then You may be, I'm not your doctor, but a lot of people like you who have, you know, busy careers, families, a lot of responsibilities, they're caretakers, right? In my study, the first ever published in The World on High Functioning depression. Yeah. A lot of caretakers, a lot of caregivers, they experience that lack of joy. Why? Because they're so busy in their mind. They're so restless that they're missing out the precious baby's face in front of them who wants to snuggle with you, right? You lost a point right there because when you snuggle, you're getting oxytocin, right?


You're getting that attachment hormone. And you know, many times I hear a lot of people saying they're intimate with their partners and they just can't wait to get over with. 'cause they just wanna, you know, they're not, they're missing out. Yeah. That's a point of joy. Yeah. For human beings, right? Sleep is a point of joy, but many of us are spending our times on our phones before we go to bed. So that's disrupting our sleep. So we are losing so many points because we cannot sit still. What about the, I got you some water too. Thank you. What about the, the five V's. Yes. Can you break down the concept of, of healing with the five V's. Well, the reason I came up, drink your water first. Thank you. The reason I came up with the five V's. I got a point of joy there, quench my thirst is because when I traveled The World, nu the number five comes up in a lot of countries, right?


So I want people to envision their hand and say to themselves like, I'm built with a DNA for joy. It is my birthright as a human, I wanna reclaim it, right? And you tap it, do it, and v listening, He is doing it. You messing up my joy. Take this hand and do this with you. Slap some, show me how to do it. Look at your hand. So look at your hand and envision that, you know, you were built with the DNA for joy. It is your birthright as a human being, but sometimes we forget how to access it. So I want you to reclaim your joy tapping into one of the five's every day, right? Just one, don't do more than one or two, because that's too much. And the first one is validation. So validation is acknowledging and accepting how you feel, good or bad without judgment.


Right? And you know how I said that when you don't know what you're dealing with, validation is like turn the light on in that room so you know what you're working with. You're naming the emotion, good or bad, and you're accepting it. And you can self validate right to yourself. But you know, sometimes with my assessments, I validate through the quizzes. You know, the quiz online that I have on my website. If you take a score, take the anhedonia quiz, and you see you have a high anhedonia score, you're like, wow, I'm lacking joy. That is why I feel this way. Right? And the second is venting. Venting is expressing emotion. So you could vent verbally like we are right now. Or you could write in a journal or pray or dance or sing or cry all their ways to express emotion.


And in my lab, what I, when people come in, I'll fill up a red balloon and every person would take a turn trying to put that balloon underwater. And a hundred percent of the time it pops up. You cannot escape physics, right? So venting is, imagine if you're letting the air out of that balloon slowly over time, right? What happens if you don't let that air out is that that balloon, that stress, that emotion will pop up in areas of your life that you don't want it to. It'll pop about work in your relationships and your family, right? So when you let the air out, over time, you're able to have that balloon glide on the water, you know, it's, you're more peaceful. And then the third V is values, right? So I brought in those candles for you because I value, you know, giving back to my community.


So right now I'm wearing a design from a black designer who's a close friend of mine, Carly Cushnie. And I brought candles from Harlem Candle company, right? Because I like to give and pour back into my community. And so tap into what gives you meaning and purpose. Think priceless versus price tags. Many of us chase the things, right? We chase the clout, we chase the money. I was like that too. But you're not doing things that give you meaning and purpose, so you're missing out, right? So now I won't take a speaking engagement if it's, if I'm missing out on my time with my daughter. We just talked about that This Morning. Yeah. Because honestly, I, I co-parent, so I'm only gonna see her for like, you know how they do the math on, on, on socials. I'm gonna miss out on my time with her.


It's, that's priceless. Why would I do that? No amount of money can gimme that time back, right? So really tap into things that matter. And the fourth V is vitals. What nourishes your, your mind, your brain, your body. Right? You only get one. I tell my daughter since she was two, how many bodies did God give you? And she always says, one mommy. And I say, what do you gotta do with it? Take care of it. And she's known that since she was two. Right? But we, we treat our bodies so poorly. You know, we, we criticize the way we look, but it's like I have strong legs that get me to places. Right? A lot of people don't have that. So be kind to your body. Eat nourishing foods, not processed foods. Get movement in, you know, protect your brain from too much screen time.


Yeah. You know, the, the way that we look at our faces all the time, it's very unhealthy. You know, when we're looking at our face on FaceTime, we're looking on zoom super unhealthy. It's causing a lot of stress. We weren't meant to look at our face that much, right? Really we weren't. There's a term in psych psychiatry called the scopic phenomenon. So people who are psychotic with schizophrenia, they'll see images of themselves across the room and it creates a lot of anxiety for them and depression. We're doing that to ourselves. And that's why filters exist. Yes. 'cause that's a better way to look at yourself. Yes. And know a lot of women and men cannot take a picture on the regular camera now because, oh, okay. I get it. I'm putting it together. Yes. Yes. It's really unhealthy for us.


If I were to see my face next to your right now, I'd be so distracted, I wouldn't even be listening to you. We were made to look at each other, to interact with each other, to get feedback, not to look at ourselves. So really protect your brain. Mm. And the other parts of vitals are our relationships. We neglect it. We have to pour into healthy relationships because the unhealthy ones will drain our life source. And then the last V is vision. How do you plan joy in the future? So you keep moving forward instead of getting stuck in the past. So this could be small, you know, like I plan joy every day after I get my kid to school on time, on the days I have her, I'll sit in my living room And I have my Caribbean coffee And I enjoy it. You know, I savor it 'cause that's my time. But for someone else, it could be something else, right? So plan the joy, celebrate your wins when you meet a major milestone, right?


Celebrate it as a team, you know, you don't get that time back. So plan joy in the future. What do you hope people walk away with after reading High Functioning? I really hope that they understand that joy is a priority. It is a necessity. It is part of our survival, especially in, in our community. Without joy, what would've happened to us? You know? So prioritize joy and understand the science of your happiness. You know, there is only one you and there will only ever be one. You. So take the time to know yourself, understand what's taking away from your joy, so you know where to add back to it. And joy has the power to change people and their communities. So, you know, we all probably have interacted with people who are not joyful.


They can change the tone of a room, right? So if we take the time to invest in joy, we can literally change not just ourselves, but our families, our communities, and, And I think The World. How do they find you? Dr. Judith. Dr judith joseph.com. And follow me on all the socials, Dr. Judith Joseph, and pick up my book, High Functioning, Overcome Your Hidden Depression and Reclaim Your Joy. Thank you for joining. I love Thank you so much, Dr. Judith Joseph. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


I found out that was related to the guy that I was dating. I don't feel emotions correctly. I collect my roommate's toenails and fingernails. Those were some callers from my call in Podcast Therapy Gecko. It's a show where I take phone calls from anonymous strangers as a fake gecko therapist and try to learn a little bit about their lives. I know that's a weird concept, but I promise it's very interesting. Check it out for yourself by searching for therapy. Gecko on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.