
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Wake that ass up in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling. And for Jess, we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. Seem like he trying to take our job doing all these interviews and stuff. Ladies and gentlemen, we have RB Singer Tank Tank. I'm not trying to take your job. You're doing a phenomenal job money podcast. Yes, you, yes You are. I am just catering to my people. Mm. Very well. I'm making sure that my community has a place to go, that the conversation is bridged from the old to the new. I Love it. You know what I love about the RB Money podcast? There's always so many hip hop podcasts and you know, the hip, the, the rappers got a place to go.


The OG rappers got a place to go. Yeah. RB Money has created that space for the RB world. I Love it. And now, and now the, you know, not too much disclosure, but now the r and b Music Awards. Oh, I didn't know about that. Tell us About it. What do you mean? You guys have a dedicated hip hop, not you. Hip hop has a dedicated award show. Right. Whereas the r and b dedicated award show so that we can cover the entire gambit of r and b, r and b is so many things. It's so vast. You can't cover it in two to three categories at, at, at some award show and think that that's going to do with all justice. Oh, I wanna hear about this now that that's Coming out.


Yeah. Are You creating this? I wanna know the category tell as a, as a r and b icon like you are. What are the categories of RB? 'cause all we think is RB Well Emini here. Let's, let's, let's do this. Right. Let's go. Let's go soul. Right? Let's go Progressive. Do you do ballots? Huh? Ballots? What do you mean ballots? Slow Emini here. What do you mean make Category a slow music? Yeah. Categories. Do you do r and b ballots? No, I don't think you do ballots, but I think you get into the songwriter aspect of it. The producer aspect of it. Even the performance aspect of it. You know? Yes. All, all of these things are so different.


Like a a a Jill Scott is is way different from Summer Walker. From a summer walker. You know what Emini here, it it's way different. Calvin Richardson is way different from Chris Brown. Right. You know what, Emini here. And so how do we, how do we create these tiers and levels to where all of all of the nuances of r and b can be Recognized? Gimme an example of Progressive. Oh, CB is progressive. Okay. Okay. Completely gotcha. Gotcha. He's, He's the current state of r and b music. Got, you know what Emini here, even if even if we wanna say what, what Drake and Party just did. You know what Emini here? That's very progressive.


Very progressive R and b. You know what Emini here. Gotcha. If you wanna say what is more traditional, I'm more in the middle of a traditional progressive r and b artist because I can do a record with Chris Brown, but you know, I can also do a record with God rest his Stone and Angie Stone. See, I like the traditional And I said that when the Party and Drake album dropped, I was like, that ain't for me. And they was like, well, you, you know, it is for the ladies because it's RB. I'm like, no, God's like RBI just don't like that type of army. Exactly. Exactly. There's there, there's a difference. And so we have not, we have not had the conversation about all of these things together. We Just say Best r and b album. And then you got, you got Chris Brown in a same category with Robert Glasper.


It's like, how do you do that? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. How do you do that? We're not all just one thing. So when are, when are you doing? Is, is it thought out to that where it's gonna happen or It's, it's been, it's, it's, it's been, it works. Great conversations. You know what Emini here, me and my brother Jay Valentine, we have, we've actually had this conversation with Jesse Collins. And so, you know, all of this, what I'm doing right now is just kind of creating the anticipation and the desire and hopefully the, the enough comments will come and people will see the value because that's where it starts. People have to see the value in, in what we do in order to create this next level platform. Well, don't leave Black Effect and iHeart out the conversation, you know, iHeart knowing to put together a good award show. Well, what do you wanna do?


I wanna help with the Hardee Money Award show. That'd be fantastic. There you go. Done. See how that works? Can exclusively Announce the categories and a nomination now. Absolutely. Like we need a, we need a Babyface award, right. Is Lifetime Achievement Award, Which is the songwriter and producer. Okay. Wow. Right. You need a Michael Jackson award. Right. There's one there. Need a Michael Jackson award, which Try do the Tribute, which the ultimate performance like Right. We need a Smokey Robinson Award, which is just the writer. Right. We need a I don I, I can't take Wonder. I can't, I can't take writer outta Jimmy Jim and Terry Lewis. 'cause they write it too, but Right.


You need a standalone producer award. Right. All of these things are so different and we don't get an opportunity to highlight them. But all of these awards need names from our legends. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? The r and b label award, the Motown award. Where, who's, who's the dedicated r and b label. That's r and b money. That's what we're doing. Right. So it's all of these things that we need to now highlight now that r and b is having this big, big conversation. Right. I wanna know, how is it for you, right. Knowing all these RB stories. Right. And I'm watching your podcast And I know you know the answers, but some of these times it hasn't been put out there and you just feeding the person. Right. Like I look at Stephen Hill, but the Chris Brown situation.


Yeah. You are leading him because you knew what happened. But making him explain the story was amazing. I didn't know what happened. Really. I didn't even know he was part of it. I knew from Chris's side that they had, they had, they got him all the way to the point of where It was about to Happen. It was about to happen and then pulled the rug out from under him. Mm. I didn't know the intimate details and who all was involved. And hearing Steve, like Steven is like, you know, he loves in that. Yeah. He loves it. He felt like he was getting ready to create one of the most iconic moments of all times. And he was looking For that rehearsal. Jesus. Oh, he was. He was. And it hurt him that now he, you know, has to go back and tell CB that it's not happening.


You know what, Emini here, like that, that crushed him more than anything. And he was like, man, if you could ever talk to him, just let him know. I I love him. I want, you know, I wanted that for him. I just, they pulled it from me. Nothing I could do. I Was gonna ask, did you put them on the phone after that? 'cause he said in your interview that they hadn't, he hadn't gotten a chance. Well, he wanted to see 'em in person to apologize and stuff like that. So Out. No, we didn't, we didn't get a chance to make that happen. Oh, okay. But, but I'd love to make that happen for him. Another one of my favorite RB money podcasts recently was the La Reed episode. Like, he, he really sparked the, a real conversation. And it just had me thinking about, yes, you need, you need black boutique, everything. You need that We need to be able to operate the way we operate.


Hmm. Just let us do what we do. Like even with what you guys do, you guys do what you do, which is why it is what it is. There's nobody micromanaging or policing you. You get your paycheck, whatever that is, but it's because of how you do your thing. Nobody's interrupting that. Which is why it's what, how many years in the making? 15. 15. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Imagine if you had no control of that. You know what Emini here imagine, imagine you being subject to somebody else's ideas. Somebody else's, and then you lose with that. That hurts worse than anything I lost listening to you. No, no. I'm gonna go down with me Word.


I'm gonna go down with me. And that's what we've lost. We've lost the people that have done it from, from here. I just believe, like, think about DeAngelo's Untitled. If somebody just doesn't say, ah, I just, I just feel like this is different. They never get to the third single, which is a life changing record. Don't have that no more. Ah, analytics say, ah, we're losing here. We're done. We're gonna move on. Right. Well, was it, how did it feel? Was it third single? Was it, how did it feel? Was the third single, the but Naked video is his third single. Wow. I did not know that. How Do we not get to That?


I did not know One of the greatest songs. Wow. Of all times. I did not know that. Wow. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Genuine. So anxious. If Joe Mo doesn't say all, we gotta get to this one, we gotta get to this one. This one right here is gonna change it. Trust me. Maybe I Deserve was my second single. Wow. If we were just going off of first singles. I'm not gonna name the first song I had out, but I was dancing and shit and flipping and blowing up shit. You flip Chris. Yeah. We Was Tank for a second. Yeah, I remember because I remember maybe I deserved, I Shouldn't have brought that up When you said it. I just heard the song. Like Freaky. No, maybe I just heard Oh, shut Sing Out Loud. Yeah, maybe I was the Person. Oh, you were? Wait, okay. Just my first single was called Freaky Freaky.


Oh, okay. And it almost destroyed my career before it. That started the label. The label picked it. But I was very excited about it as well. When I googled it, it said a song many have missed is his actual first single freaky, which came out first and has pretty much become obscure today. Ob obscure. God damn. When's the last time you performed that? NI was performing the song. I was on promo tour Fort Valley State Homecoming. And I'm, you know, I'm coming out. I got my freaky interlude. You know, they want to get freaky. And then the song starts and like right in the middle of the first hook, these two little cute girls in the first row was like, whack.


I was like, and this was in the dat tape era, so I couldn't stop it. You had to let it go all the Way through the whole song. Damn. And I sweated the rest of the song And I never sang that song again. Damn. I said, don't put it on the album. Erase it. Get rid of this song. And we did a hard turn cut the single winter. Maybe I deserve, thank God. Wow. The rest is history. The rest is history. Yeah. That's very interesting. Because I don't know whether, I think it's the labels not doing their jobs. Like, you know, I don't think they give a, they don't care about the music like they used to. I don't think labels care about music. Like those development too. Their jobs changed though. Yeah. Like what was your first budget for your first album?


Like, it was a thing to be, to get signed to a record deal. I'll tell you like this, there was a budget, there was a number in, in the contract, but again, I'm boutique. So they're like, well, let's just keep going till we get it because we can't lose. Yeah. Like, you know, at that time, in terms of earners, you know, it was Aaliyah, God rest her soul. She was, she was, she was making the bank for all of us. Right. In order for us to have budgets. Aaliyah was, she was funding us. So, you know, we were in a, in a position where we couldn't lose. So Barry, you know, Barry wasn't gonna let me lose. Nah, let's go to the next one.


Let's spend, I spent 400,000 on my first four or 500,000 my first video. Then I spent another 700 on the next one. Like, this is what was happening. We blew up an actual building. Mm. Like we running outta the building and slowly the building blew up behind us. We had to dive onto a mattress, don't turn your phones on because you might kill the artist. That that's what's missing. But you see the difference in between the people that are still doing that. You still see Chris Brown spending real money to make real videos. You still see Beyonce spending real money to make real videos. You still see Drake spending real money to make real videos.


That's the difference. That's why they're in arenas. It's why they're in stadiums, all of these things. So we just need that level of belief and, and that level of investment in order to get it back to where it's supposed to be. Like, look at movies, how much money spent on promo? Yeah. They put it on tv, they put it, they're they're doing it in before other movies are coming on, they're out on the streets, on the buses. Like we've lost all of that, but they still want the same result. That's not how that works. Absolutely. Man, you're so right. Emini here. I'm learning that too. Just di dilin dilin and dabbling in the movie world. But you're right. It's like, yo, if they'll spend money to promote a film, these labels will just be like, put it online.


Literally. Just throw it online. It's The truth. Literally. You can't tell a movie. You can't tell the, to the people that are putting out the wolverine, you know what I'm saying? Just throw in theaters not Yeah. You Right. Just, we're gonna just use our socials. Yeah. We're gonna use our socials and hopefully go viral and, and, and see what happens. Not with all the money we spent. No, you're right. No. Yeah. We trying to guarantee ourself a return. Right. Low visibility. Low visibility is gonna get you low results. Just is what it is. Does that ever change though? Again, we gotta get back to this boutique space where, you know, we're allotted the budgets and the freedom to do it the way we know how to do it.


We come from the street team era. We come from passing out 10,000 flyers. You know what I'm saying? Bus stops buses. You know what, Emini here, commercials. We used to run commercials on BET actual commercials. Where's all that? It's gone. But you still want the same results. There are outliers with those things can happen, but r and b is not a, it's not a, it's not completely a viral genre. Now the residuals challenge Emini here, you know, that's a thing. But that's just fun though. It starts out fun, but then you, under then, then you tap into what's really out there.


Right? And so now what we're able to see is, oh shit, look at how many r and b singers, songwriters, and producers are just waiting in the wings for an opportunity that are really, really dope. Did You feel any guilt enjoying r Kelly's residual? Yeah. What was Your thought of it? Did I feel guilt in enjoying it? Yeah. Emini here, everybody knows, knows me, knows that I've always been an r Kelly fan. They, they, they know I've always, you know, I was as I was raised in trying to be r and b, coming out of my gospel space, Babyface, r Kelly, Brian McKnight, like those were my study guides.


So no, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't feel a way enjoying it. I, I couldn't, you know, he's talented. He's talented. I couldn't, I couldn't grab it and post it on my page. Just say new out. I I couldn't do that. You know what Emini here, I got, I I got Hill's Kitchen to promote, you know what Emini here. And, and, And I think it's tough because, you know, a lot of people have been in my comments saying why you ain't post the r Kelly thing? And I'm like, I'm like, guys, why do I have to insert myself into that back and forth. Yeah. Right. You know, you know what I thought, you know, listening to r Kelly, he still sounds good as shit. Right? He, he can still write. I wonder why, And I don't even know if he could, why people wouldn't tap into his writing behind the bars. 'cause he could still write amazingly.


And I'm sure he could put still put numbers on the board. You don't have to say it's r Kelly. I wonder why that wasn't a, a, a thing and why people don't go to him for that Same reason. Why, you know, the younger cats don't go to Babyface. Same reason why the younger cats don't go to Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. Same reason why. I can go on and on why we have a thing with us where if it just seems or sounds old, we don't tap into it. You think that with r Kelly Though? He did sound old on that really Sound Really? He's an older artist. He's done it, he's had his time. And to us, the fad chasers our culture.


The what's next or what's now culture is what we are. We don't maintain a tradition. Like, like there's no way that New Edition or any of our elder statesmen shouldn't have sold out. Arena Arena tours easily. Rolling Stones can come back anytime they feel like it. Absolutely do a sold out to a Queen anytime they feel like it sold out to Paul McCartney can say, I'm going out, sold out. Sold out. We are the only people that separate ourselves from our foundational and our traditional moments and cast it away like it's old, it's nah.


And and that's us. That's what we, so when you say why not like me, I'm like, I gotta get a, I Babyface came to the opening, my, my opening on Hell's Kitchen and I'm, and as I'm looking at, I'm like, Babyface really pulled up to my opening. Like I, I got one of the greatest singer songwriter producers of all times sitting right here as a friend of mine. And I don't have a record from him. That can't happen again. I can't know him and that not happen. And I don't understand why you look at hold on Quincy Jones On I wanna say something. That's why you gotta give people credit. Like scissor people Babyface produce snooze. Yeah, absolutely. And you see how big snooze is.


Absolutely. So when you get a OG like that, who gets with a super talented youngin. Yep. You see what can come about? There are the Results. I think that the, the artist 'cause SSA is like, like I'm not surprised that ssa she understands and her like, you know what Emini here, like there's certain artists, But it wasn't on purpose either. So there's that Emini here. Oh, okay. They were in the room making something and she hurt and you know, it, there was a, it was a thing where it would just, people in the right place in the right time Happen here. Okay. Right Place, right time. Yeah. I gonna say I think sometimes too, it's about like who the artist is. Because there are some artists who like understand, you know what Emini here, like baby facing and like the moment you had that are younger, but then o other artists are chasing who the producers that are making things that go viral on the tiktoks or the reels are created too because they're labels back to you saying that they're not doing their jobs, their jobs have shifted where that's all you're looking at.


So if you don't have those metrics, you're not doing your job. But you might be the artist as like, yo Babyface needs to be in this studio. I, there's no reason why I don't have songs with Babyface. It's the truth. And I was saying like, even you look at Quincy Jones, what age was Quincy Jones when he was doing all that stuff for Michael? He was 50. He was older. Yeah, he was, But that's my point. Made The greatest album of all times. Yes. He was 50 when he produced Thriller, he was 50. And that's my point. But I imagine the information he was able to impart to Michael Jackson because everything that he had done and everything that he had seen, you know what I'm saying? Like, Michael, this is great, but if we just take this two, two moments and just move these things right over here, you'll trust me.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other, but when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with Hate Emini Here.


You're gonna love it. Like when he talked about the intro, we can't kill that, Michael. That's that's the call out. Michael wanted to kill it. He Wanted to kill it. Yeah. What do we do as a, as soon as it come on? Oh shit, that's Quincy Jones. And so, and in my mind I'm looking at Babyface like my Quincy Jones. How do I, how do I not tap into that? How do I not ensure this level of greatness somehow pours over into what I'm doing? I Would've love to hear Quincy have, have heard Quincy on RB Money podcast, man. Hey man, Clarence by the way. But Man, it's that information that that that we need, that needs to continue to pass down.


And that's our job. We're we're the bridge. We want to be the bridge. Like we, we tell all the young cats all the time, Hey, we, we rocking with you, whatever you need from us. And then we tell the older cats, like we, when we had Smokey Robinson, we was like, you know, we're coming to your house, we're coming over, we want to talk to you. Like you did it. Like you talk about building something. Yeah. Built an entire franchise on this back writing and produc. Yeah. So we got the r and B Awards with Charlemagne and iHeart Black Effect And iHeart, We doing it And I heart.


That's right. Have committed to now we're going somewhere. So what did you, what were your thoughts when you seen how I would say he was disrespected at the award show when he was doing an interview and they was like, okay, this, this next, the AP news moment. Oh, with with Babyface. With Babyface. Yeah. I'm talking Babyface when he was on the, on the, on the carpet. You know, IIII definitely thought it was dis I thought it was disrespectful, but I don't think it was consciously disrespectful. I think that no one's teaching people how to do things anymore. They're just throwing them out there. Right. Because if you're on that red carpet there, you have to know who.


Right. You're who's who. You have to know who people are. Right. In this music, in this music business. Right. But then two, you also know how have to know how to conduct yourself. Right. This is, these are the things you do, these are the things you don't do. And that was just a thing that was just kind of like host 1 0 1. You don't do that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't, you're not ever talking to somebody. Yeah. And so how do you fit one second? Can you, nobody's teaching her. Nobody taught her. It's not her fault. I'm sure she didn't get fired. She didn't know. Well, somebody production told me to.


Like, so it was a, it's a disconnect. Right. You know what Emini here, we aren't having those hard lessons in those classes. Like, I went to you, I went to media training. Oh. We were From, we from the school of hard knocks. So we, we Get it not media training. So I know both sides of it. I know being on this side, I know being on your side and these, these people aren't being trained man. And they're getting thrown out there and putting these positions to where they, they look bad. I don't think she meant to do anything on purpose. Once again, you talking about a budget, you said media training artists, they done giving artists. They're spending no money on media training nowadays. Anybody, like if you, if you're bringing somebody in to represent your brand Black Effect, like you wanna know two things first. Okay. What, what, what do you do? How do you do it? Okay. And then are you trained to do it?


Because there are things that are going to arise that you have to be prepared for. There are moments they're gonna have. What would you do in this situation? Let's have some scenario training. Let's have somebody get really boisterous in the room and feel out, see how you handle it. So Tank, remember when you was on The Breakfast Club and you talked about getting your ass eaten about 10 years ago? I don't mind putting my legs up. You know what I'm saying? Like that's, that's okay. So don't mind you don't mind tongue action is what you saying. Yeah. I don, I don't mind. Oh, you don't Mind getting eaten? Yeah. Not at all Man. You kidding brother? Come on man. Come on. My brothers eating one. We ain't got a seat. Ain't seat down. Put Leg. I try to tell him all the time. Come on. If a girl eats your As can never Talk bad about you, you Gotta have your hands free just in case she get tricky.


Get the fingers Out the wig. There you go. Get outta. If somebody brings that up now in 2025 and they say, tank, do you enjoy getting your ass eating? How do you respond? I would say that was the old me, You know, You know, when I was younger, you know, I, I enjoy things and, and, and said how I enjoy things a little bit too out loud. Okay. You know what? Emini here, some of those things should have been a lot more quiet. But, you know, I think I was, I think I was beta. I think Charlamagne baited me. He was very, he he baited me And I think he beta You Should, you should give a little fake chuckle after the question of that. After, after the question is after do a little fake chuckle then give the answer They Owe me. Ah, I was so wild back then. Yeah.


See That's media training. That is because People still bring that up. But I think you, you handle it. They do. So there'll be a follow up question probably from the cohort. They're not gonna just let it go. Here's the other thing too is that, you know, anything that has been put out there, anything that I've put out there, I'm able to stand on it. Period. You know what Emini here and you find your tribe. You find a tribe. I've, I've, I've, I have, I have lived And I have lived in front of The World, in front of The World for all of them to see. So I don't really have any secrets. You know what Emini here. So the the things, those things don't scare me. I'm not rattled by those things. You know what Emini here? Yeah. So there's that part of it.


But I do, I was, I do know how to divert if need be. I was, I I was bringing, I I said that because I was gonna big you up for when it was brought up not too long ago. You used it as a moment to talk about like homophobia in the black community. And like that created a powerful conversation. And I was like, I don't know if he did that on purpose. Oh, it really Did come back. It did come back up. It was You were, who were you talking to? It was, we talked about it in here. We did it in just with the mess. Oh, you were talking to the court. Holding court. Yeah. Big court. Big court. Who's The court? But I, but the conversation that it created, I don't know if you saw the conversation. I know you'd be online though, like you'd be seeing some things. Yeah, yeah. It had people really having a conversation about men being able to be like vulnerable and just have conversations Yeah.


Anywhere they want to and, and black men specifically. Yeah. And I was like, okay. Did was that the media training? Was that like No, that was just real Emini here. That's just what I believe. But I also believe that you can't really have intelligent conversations online. A hundred Percent. You know what? Emini here. So as, as, as he And I were having that conversation, like we were having a real conversation, but in terms of going back and forth online, trying to get something very thought provoking across, it never works. It Don't you, You'll, you'll never win that. Also, I think people forget the the comedian tank era. Yes. When Tank was on stage doing actual comedy. So a lot of that was jokes. I don't know that When you was cocking your legs up in the chair, you was just joking.


You going back to a gag. No Emini here. Everybody's so serious. It's not that serious. Yeah, man. To have some fun, man, relax every you, you see me every time you see me, I got a smile on my face and I'm having a good time because I don't take this stuff too seriously, man. What I take seriously, it is when I get in that studio, when I get on that stage, that's when I'm serious outside of that. And I'm having a time of my life. Why Broadway right now? Because you are featured in Alicia Key's, hell's Kitchen. Why? And it's timing, bro. Because for me, 2025 was the horror pivot into acting.


You know, the music thing has been so much of my bread and butter and so much of my focus for so long. I was like, I gotta get to the other thing that I love. And Charlie Maca had always been telling me, bro, you're gonna have to make a hard pivot in order to really do it the right way. And I was like, okay, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. And with 2025 coming in the way that it did and having a free moment and opportunity, I'd always heard horror stories about Broadway. You know what Emini here, just in terms of the workload. Yeah. And the pay, The pay, the facility, all of that. And I was like, yeah, I probably never do Broadway. And then I get, you know, we get this call from Alicia, like, Hey, Alicia's looking for you to do Hells Kitchen.


I'm like, what? And I'm like, you know, the name Alicia Keys is already like, that's interesting. Gotta at least see what that's about. Right. And so he sent some papers over for me to look at and I'm like, okay. I'm looking at it. I'm like, all right, I'll go see, you know what Emini here, just out of respect for that name itself. And so you went to Go watch the play before you Absolutely. Okay. So you saw when Brandon VV Dixon was playing abs Well he was, he wasn't there. Alright. All right. His, his sub was in Got you, got you, got you. Who, who, who was, who was dope as well. And, And I watched the play And I fell in love with it. And the next day was actually my walkin audition.


And so I kind of knew where I needed to be and, And I, at that point it was just like, I think it's time. I think, I think it is, it has answered the question for me. I, I, you know what Emini here, me and Lulu were talking, my manager, Lulu was talking to me. He's like, I just, it just does something different for you brother. It just does something really different. And in deliberating I was just deliberating like, is this the time to like just take a hard left and outta nowhere? Charlie Mac calls me, we haven't hadn't talked to in a minute. And he's like, what's going on wrong? I'm like, nothing. Just, just chilling. He wanted to come to my Atlantic City show. I'm like, oh, I got you. Look. He said, I said the magic question. I got this on the table right now.


And he said, what the fuck are we talking about? I said, well, asking you, you, you don't need my opinion. You know what you're supposed to do. There was that. And here I am. And so, you know, when I said, I sat with Alicia the other day, learned Adam Blackstone. And she was like, tank, I just felt like it was you. Mm. She's like, I didn't know why. She's like, it was, it just, to me it just felt like it was you. And she's like, I didn't even know if you could act. And I was like, did a Movies Now. Wow. You ain't, you ain't seen me on Lifetime or BET, you know what I'm saying? Or TV one. I'm the Denzel of that space, you know what I'm saying? I'm the Denzel of that space. I'm the Denzel of that space. You ain't seen none of that. But she had never seen me act. And she was like, and then when I saw you in the audition, she was like, I was just blown away.


And I was like, no, that's, that's what I do. Singing is that's whatever. And so she And I went back and forth singing back and forth her, you know, singing her amazing catalog and my debuted on Tuesday. And so now it's like, how tough is it? It's Real. How tough is it to rehearsals and do you have to shut everything else off? And do you get time for yourself now? Because it just seems like a, does it stop? I'm a machine, so I'm a routine guy. You know what? Emini here. So I'm gonna get up, help get the kids to school, do cardio, eat, go to the gym, do the second lift, go to the studio. Either work on music or do pod, get back, eat dinner with the family, get some wife time in and the next day do the same thing.


I'm a machine. I'm built like that. So Broadway schedule works perfect for who I am now. Eight shows a week. Crazy. Eh, that's where it get different because you know, they call it, you know, you have a, a show, a B show and a C show in terms of how you perform. I've never been able to do a b show and feel good about it. Like, because all of those people, whether it's a Wednesday or a Saturday, they spent their money to see something great. They spent their money to see somebody go all out. So I'm doing a shows from Tuesday to Sunday and we got one day off that's Monday and right back to it.


Jesus. What's your rest day like on a Monday? Like are you vocal? I don investing or I don Oh, you don't, we haven't Done it yet. I just, I just stayed here. Oh yeah, you just started Tuesday. So I'm gonna have my first Monday next, next Monday. What's your plans? Nothing. Go to the gym, you know what I'm saying? Eat, eat, eat some cool food somewhere, you know, maybe keep with Charlamagne And I heart and talk about this. Let's do it. Awards. There you go. What about the family? Like, 'cause you Family was just here. They came for the, for the, for the debut. My mom, them came up, wife, Zoe Enzy came up and it was really, it was really, really cool man Because 13 weeks is a long time to be away from the family.


Especially if you got a routine, like you say, It's, yeah, it's, it's tougher for them than it is for me because for me, I'm, you know, I'm hyper-focused. I'm in it And I have something to do every day. Something to look forward to. And so, you know, the wife is at home doing the kid thing and all that. But that's why, you know, that's what is, it's a team that's marriage is about, she holds that down. I, I'm gonna hold this down, but this to me is like, was the opportunity for people in that space to understand that I'm serious about going here. You know, Kevin was in town the other day, so I went and, you know, saw him and chopped it up with him and he was like, I'm really, really proud of you for making this move. This says a lot about the next level of where you can go and who you can be.


And so that's what I'm looking forward to. I'm, I'm, I'm loving like all the horror stories that they told me about Broadway, they lied to me. They were trying to keep me outta here. They didn't want me in this space. What did you, What, what are the Horror stories? Just up? Just, you know, pay the facility, the workload and all these things. Oh yeah. Take, you know, that's not for you. You know what? You loving it? Oh man. I think it's a different day and age as far as like work rules and stuff. But also too, you're like, you're, I don't know if this is true, but I would feel like because you're a tank, you're coming into it a little bit differently where like they can't really play around with certain people too much. No. Well, I don't know because of course this is my first time doing it. Right. And I think, you know, oh yeah, as Tank, I'm always gonna be received differently.


But I haven't desired, I haven't asked to be treated differently. You know, the, the way they would maybe try to make concessions for me and certain things like no, I don't want that. Mm, I don't wanna feel like that. I don't wanna do that. Like, as soon as I walked in, I'm like, Hey guys, coach me hard. Like, don't, don't, don't handle me with kid gloves. Like I'm an athlete first. You know what I'm saying? Like, like, like, like let's cuss, let's really get into the shit of how this shit works. You know what I'm saying? And let's really grind it out. Like don't, don't treat me like an don't do that. Right. And so once we establish that we got to work, I don't, I don't want none of that preferential treatment, nigga. I'm, I'm new to Broadway, so I'm here to learn your ways, not vice versa.


And so that's how I kind of introduce myself into the situation. And once you do that, everybody they can, they can be and do what they're supposed to do to get me where I need to be, to be part of something. Great. Now this is interesting 'cause I remember on the RB Money podcast one time you said Jamie Foxx had to keep you from quitting music. Yeah. And the way you in here talking about acting right now. Yeah. You sound like you got a new boo. Got it in love. Cuddling. In, cuddling, Cuddling feet to feet. The music gotta go to the side. Or like you don't love music no more, do you think? I absolutely love music. You don't Love the music business? For me, the music business is amazing. Okay. Okay. But it's not all that I do.


Gotcha. You know what, Emini here. And so, you know, the thing about me, like, you know, I even, even retiring at one point was just, I couldn't find, you know, and losing my hearing and getting vertigo, I felt like I was running out of time and, And I was so many other things I wanted to do. So many other things that I loved that I wanted to get to. And then I was just blessed with the, you know, the age old concept of time management. Simple. It sounds simple, but it's not, you know what, Emini here. And so it's like, okay cool, for these three months, this is all I'll be doing. Well I be leaving a lot of money on the table. Absolutely. But will I be growing Abso fucking In positioning yourself Very well.


I think I, I can, I haven't seen it, but I can imagine you on Broadway. But just because of how your voice is, is When you, when are you guys coming? I, I love Broadway. I'm coming. I'm definitely in the next week or so. Well, I have eight shows a week. I'm only off on Monday, so me and the wife will be there whenever you guys wanna come. We'll, we'll I love Broadway. We'll set it up for You. Play I saw was Stephanie Mills was on Broadway. She was on, damn. I forgot what the show was called. I don remember, but I saw Stephanie Mills on Broadway. Yeah, she was amazing. You got, you're gonna love it. Bring bring your, bring your kids. Yeah. Okay. Say them all. I take my kids all through I Lions King, the Michael Jack, whatever the kid friendly Broadway plays. I bring family. Michael family Was incredible. My 17-year-old daughter and my 10-year-old son had the time really of their lives.


My, my in in this play, Alicia is 17. So it's really like, it really meets these kids where they are. I love it. It's incredible. My daughter was crying And I was like, it was, it was a thing. And you know, coming out afterwards and seeing so many kids and signing autographs for kids, you know what Emini here, one of, one of, one of our, one of our stars in the play, Keisha, she had a, she had a acting school. These kids, these students that she works with that came up from New Mexico and there's a kids and they loved every minute of it.


Like, you know, for me, I'm like any high school in this New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, in this area, they should be having a field trip to see Hell's Kitchen. To me it is, it is that impactful of a moment for, for young kids to see that are inspire, aspiring to do anything. That's What it is. So you got show tonight? Yeah. Oh shit. We gotta get Tank out here. Tank. Yeah. I'm, I'm check Out Tank at Hell's Kitchen. We appreciate, Understand. Hold, hold on one more thing too. Yeah. Saturday, April 26th is the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Yeah. Can you make it? Huh? You make it? Yeah. It's a Saturday tank and Jay Valentine are gonna be there.


He's got, he I'll Be there. I got one day off. That's right. Oh, That's okay. I'm just making sure One day. Have You, have y'all thought about what that's gonna look like? Live RB Money podcast on stage? Nope. Nope. We're thinking about it though. Yeah, because it's gotta be sexy, you know what I'm saying? You know, Y'all gonna be singing because I've been hearing rumors of who the guests are already. I'm Y'all gonna be singing. I've seen you in person. How come we can't do the pod? How come I gotta sing? No, You said it's gonna be sexy Sing. So I just was wondering 'cause I've seen you and when you came back after you said you were retiring, you did something at the Peppermint Club and Jamie Foxx was there and y'all That's my album release. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. That I was there with the label. Yeah. And it was my first time seeing, I was like, oh. Oh, okay. You were there.


Yeah, I was there with Fairly Okay. I was like, But so y'all gonna be singing why he gotta sing? You don't have to I just wanna know I A podcast ma'am. Y he Sings on a Podcast. I I, yeah, I do SA singing on the Podcast If the spirit Moves him. If the, if the, if the, if you know, if it moves me, then I, I promise You I feel like Atlanta, God Moving a lot of things. Yeah. You know, we gotta we gotta we gotta figure out what that's going. 'cause this will be, you know, this will be our first time doing it. Like we do a, your First time doing it live Well we've done r and b Live RB Money Live the event where it's been strictly catered where it's banned dj you know, karaoke vibes, like the really, really dope. We've done that up, up in Phoenix, that stadium with one of my guys two spot.


So we've done that. But this is For people who, who like the podcast and enjoy the conversation. This Is exactly, so this is pod and conversation. So in terms of make, trying to figure out what makes ours a little different. You know what Emini here, we we're still formulating that. Well, Saturday, April 26th. Third Annual Black Effect. That's right. Podcast Festival. Go get your tickets. Black effect.com/podcast Festival. Make sure you check out Tank in Hell's Kitchen. That's right. With Alicia Keys on Broadway right now. And we Appreciate you, Brother. I'm reporting on y'all. Man. If y'all don't, y'all don't show up. I pull Up. I go to Broadway all the time. That's one of my, I enjoy Broadway. Absolutely. Okay. And when I'm not here, you know what I'm saying? I, I still want to hear somebody say, have you seen Hell's Kitchen?


Did you go, did you, you know, oh, make me tell Alicia and Swiss we'll Meet you. Nice job. And make sure you subscribe to the RB Money podcast on the black in effect iHeart Radio podcast network. That's right. It's Tank. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


Your Stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off, but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs. Making it worse. Viome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get ome and fix your gut. Now. Dial star, star Gut to get $110 off any test that Star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting Emini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


You know, some people say that, oh, do business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say, oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com, ODO o.com.