
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a round up of the week's top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's fourth production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up In the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Roast is filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. We Got the brother Da Vinci. Welcome. Appreciate you guys for having me. How you feeling man? I'm feeling great man. Feeling good. Good To be here with you. It's crazy. Jess not even here. She been saying we need to get Da Vinci up here for forever. For like months. She been, yeah. And she not even here. Oh damn. That's my dog. I Love jazz. How you know who Jazz? Just in from the Instagram? Yeah. No Instagram and running into her. Like I went to a few of her comedy shows And I started doing comedy. So it's like I, I've watched a bunch of comedians. Okay. Every time I go watch her live, I'm like Bro, she's good.


Yeah, she's actually great. She understands the art of it. Absolutely. Yeah. How do you just start doing comedy? Like what made you, because that not, that's not easy. Who told you you're funny? Ah, shit, I, I'm, Nah. Oh nah. I started doing a lot of speaking, right. Because mental health stuff and different type of keynote speaking and moderating here and there and when I was doing that, like, you know, the audience, they would laugh a lot. And in my family like, you know, I joke around a lot, I bullshit a lot with my friends and stuff like that. So someone was like, yo, I think you should start doing comedy 'cause it's gonna build a different type of confidence for speaking. And I was just like, all right, bet. Let me just, you know, give it a try. So I just started hosting it And I started developing a love for it. Oh.


And I started developing a love for it. And with that I just, you know, last year I did like 15 cities. This year I started off with one. I'm probably gonna do like 12 more. And Emini here. It's funny. I feel like I'm already an anomaly by the grace of God. You know, I made it out and my situation is like, why not just try like whatever at this point, you know? So when you were on stage, like, you know, doing your mental health advocacy, you was telling like your story Yeah. About things that you're going through, right? And people thought it was funny. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. The the, the way I will break it down. Okay. The analogies that I use to have people, especially our community grasp the concept of mental health is so I, I make it in a way that is just digestible.


You know what I'm saying? And then in doing that, you know, people are laughing and I'm like, you know what, what if I like try to like hit the stage and like just even drag it out some more. That makes sense. Emini here, you know, they always say Camille, they say tears of a clown. Right, right. So it's like one thing about black people, we know how to turn our trauma into something that either people can learn from or people can be entertained. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Well Let's, let's go back. For most people that don't know who Da Vinci is or, or they probably seen you but don't know the name. How did you get into the acting business? They, I'm sure people know you from Power or from BMF. How did you, Man that's crazy. How did you get into Power meant bmf. It's The same Beef. I know that. The same different, Same block.


Same, same Block. But how did y'all get, how did you get into acting? I know you started off as a rapper, so break the people down, where you from, how you started in, in your Journey. Bet that, bet that, so I'm from Brooklyn And I was in Brooklyn. Then my mom moved to Jersey. My parents split up and then, so I was like, like Newark, orange and Newark area and I'm back and forth between Brooklyn and Newark. I was getting in trouble a lot And I moved to Florida and then I got arrested and my dad was like, yo, I gotta keep him. I was just a badass kid. Just following the people in my environment, the people around me. And when I was in Florida, I went to all white high school and that, that kind of changed my life. That changed my perspective on life.


I was seeing things that I've never really saw before. So it really just started developing my brain in a different way. And then afterwards when I went to college at one point my brother was like, bro, like you should, we should really like try this like rap and shit in this entertainment shit. I'm like bro, that's impossible bro. It's not gonna What school you went to what college? I went to college Central Florida. Central Florida. Okay. Yeah. And I was like, bro, this is bullshit. This is not gonna like be a real thing or whatever. And I was like, you know what, whatever, I'm gonna try it. And I moved back up north, my mom's and Gloria Carter shout out to her, Jay-Z's mother. She had this Diamonds in the rough, I don't know if you guys ever that Yeah. Group heard that? Yeah, no. Oh, oh The foundation? Yeah. Yeah. And it was like a little restaurant thing. Foundation. Oh it was in Newark? Yeah, in Newark Or the Jamaican spot. Yeah, Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was. Yep. Yeah, exactly. It was Caribbean food. Yep. In Newark.


Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So I'm mad people would come there and every Thursday she had this open mic thing. So I got discovered from there. So I was like rapping, doing music there. And I was in the studio, I was recording a lot. But then after a certain point I was like starting to lose love from it for it. 'cause you know, it was one thing when you're on the outside looking in, but then when you really start getting into business and you see what they're promoting, what they're pushing you, the direction that they're pushing you towards, I'm like, bro, I'm not trying to perpetuate this. Like, like this is really like people take this serious, you know? So I was like, they, I don't like this. And at the same time I was told like, yo, you should start acting too 'cause it's gonna help with stage presence. So I started acting, shout out to Mark John Jeffries. He was the one, the boy from losing Isaiah and he played 50 and get Rich Triangles. Yep. Yeah. And little Cs.


And he was teaching this acting class in New York. And I was like, yo, lemme take it. And I started taking it and then I started meeting people. Shout out to Little Mama 'cause she was the one like, yo, she was like, yo, come to LA like you should meet my manager. Ah, ah. Then the rest was just history. And then by the grace of God, I just started booking consistently. Little Mama wants you to be her manager. No, no, no. She was like, yeah. She was like, nah, come to, yeah. She was like, come to LA and meet my manager. She was like, yo, you talented. You speak different languages, you rap, you do this and that. And I was just like, bro, she ain't gonna wanna sign me. And she was like, bro, just go. And I went and you know, I just started booking consistently. How Was the all white high school? What did that do for you? Other than cause you to lose your virginity? Jesus. Nah, It was, nah, it, it was, it was crazy 'cause you started realizing like how broken the environment and the community that I wasn't was, you know what I'm saying?


And then when I went there, you know, people was judging me based off like they was judging my intellect based off how I spoke English. Like, you know, I remember one time I was talking to this one other black dude in my class And I was like, yo nigga you weak. And she was like, you weak is your YOU possibly. I was like damn. And like she made this big scene in front of class And I was like, She directed you on that but not calling her niggas. Right, Right, right. Exactly. Exactly, exactly right. That was crazy. But anyway, I was like, bro, like that's all vernacular. Like we choose to speak like this 'cause you know, 'cause our environment. But like I could speak properly if I want to. But then I started realizing I'm like, yo, around these white folks, like I gotta change how I speak. And I just started educating myself And I started reading books And I just started changing a lot.


'cause I was like, in this environment, like my upbringing, it ain't conducive here. It ain't serving me here. Like I just like a criminal, you know? So it, it changed me a lot. And then I had teachers that believed in me more like up north. One of my teachers, they told me literally I swear she was like, most of y'all gonna end up dead in jail. This is at Dwight? Dwight? No, This yeah, north. Yep. And Jersey actually. And I should shout out to school but I ain't gonna do it. But she was just, she Shout out to teacher. The teacher. Yeah. Dang. Her name was actually Ms. Dixon. But she was like, yeah, most of y'all gonna end up, or the in the army or like at a dead end job. And I here she wasn't lying because that is what happened. Well what happened That day? That what got her to that speech? Because we was just, we was, That was acting up in class.


Yeah. We was like, I was bad as hell. I Oh so you ain't say that now you gotta get some contact. Y'all ain't going Nowhere. But, but, but the thing is, But the thing is though, it's like she still could have been more positive. 'cause we was just, we don't know. We just kids, you know what I'm saying? But when I was in Florida, like I remember I had this teacher, like I was in a like a slower math class when I first got there and then she was just like, yo, you're so smart. Like you could really like, like pass all this shit. And I passed all my tests and she was like, you need to be an algebra honor. So I was like, what? I was like bro, I'm not gonna do that. And I went from having Ds and Fs to graduating high school to 4.1 GPA. Wow. To your point about the teacher, the teacher could have said, Hey, if y'all don't change y'all lifestyle, if you don't change the way you're acting, then you're going to end up.


Yeah. That's how I was always talking. But did she say that? And because sometimes you only hear what you want to hear. All you hear is y ain't gonna be shit, but you ain't miss the first part. Which she's like, if y'all don't change, y'all ain't gonna be shit. Yeah, Nah, you probably Right. She probably did say that, but I just heard like so, And I was like, damn. I was like I bet I hope she have a tv. Now what You said about the school, I, she got a TV now. Good TV now. You know, Steve Harvey allegedly sends one of his, I think it's an old teacher teacher, somebody that told him me, he would never make it in tv. So he sends them a TV every year. Every year. Sends her a new tv. Petty allegedly. I don don't know if that's True, but do that, that's hard. That's a lot, lot of money Though. But what you said about the code switching is real because a lot of times they try to give people flack for code switching. But it's not that you code twitching sometimes you just don't wanna reinforce negative stereotypes Exactly. Of black people. Exactly.


That all. Exactly. And I feel like we perpetuate that enough of the media. Like we gotta some, some of us gotta be a good representation of us 'cause we, we not looking too good. Mm. Honestly, I identity wise though, like going from your neighborhood and what you were used to then to this new school and, and feeling that way. Like, yo, I gotta kind of switch it up a little bit. How did, 'cause you still growing up right? At the same time, right? Who were you talking to about like what your identity as a man should be? Because that's such a hard place to be in where you're trying to, you're over here, but you come from this, you got family that's still, you know, back in your old neighborhood. Like what was that journey like? I think honestly I was just by the great, I was just going through the motions, you know what I'm saying? So I really didn't have like a, a figure to look towards as like an identity for a man.


I was just Emini here. My older brother's like, I'm the baby. So my oldest brother like shout out to him. Damn. Like he basically like raised us, you know, until I went to my pops. But, you know, I guess that was my idea of a man and he was like this high school phenom basketball player. So he was, he really was that father figure. So I looked up to him for real like as much as like, what, what, what a man should be. But the rest is honestly is by the grace of God. Like I'm, I'm super fortunate. Like I, I'm well aware that I'm not supposed to be here or really like able to express myself, be disarticulate. 'cause the amount of feedback that I receive from people, I'm like, damn, why are YI so shocked. I'm like, oh that's 'cause they looking at the numbers like this, it shouldn't happen.


Mm. You know? So it's, it is, is God Wait, that's God, that's what I'm saying. Like, you know, I don't, I don't care about no statistics. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I don't care what you tell me. You can tell me I'm one of 40 million or this many people from my hood ended up like this what that gotta do with me. Right. You know? No, that's facts you Product of Grace. Okay. No, I was gonna say, do you remember the first show you booked? Yeah. Mar Jessica Jones. How was that? Tell us, tell us that story. I love that show. Yeah. I was scared to tell. I was just like, it was two weeks after I, I signed with an agency And I remember like a manager calling me at the time and she was like, Hey. She was like, Hey, you booked it. And I was just like, what? And she was like, yo, you actually booked it. You actually booked it. I was like, stop playing.


And I was like, And I just remember being shocked And I just felt like Will Smith in that pursuit of happiness moment at the end, I was just in the Bronx walking from the gym, the, the Crunch gym. And I was just like, bro, this is crazy. I'm like, bro, I ain't telling no one this right now. Mm. Refresh My memory of part. Did you play I I used to watch all of the Marvel show. So I, I was this, this, this guest star basically this scientist. She, my dad was like a scientist and when I was born my face was like disfigured and shit like that. And then he took me to some lab and then fixed it and then Jessica Jones was trying to find out how did that happen. And she was trying to get to my dad. Gotcha. So she got to me. Okay. And then, yeah, so then she had to like, she used her super strength and shit And I was like acting like she was mad strong. And I was like, bro, this is crazy. And the scene took like eight hours.


I was like, bro, this shit is long. Nah. I used to watch, I used to watch Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, iron Fists, Daredevil. I watched all, Oh damn. Oh, you was Hit. Now you on the Mary J Blige family Affair series. The third installment of the series is, what is it called? Family Affair. Yeah. How's it been doing that? It's been great. Honestly, it's, it was, that's probably one of the, my most favorite projects. Only because it was a role that had nothing to do with being black. It was just existing, you know what I'm saying? And, and it promotes the family nucleus, you know, in the black community specifically, I feel like a lot of us, you know, we promote things that is to our demise and to our destruction. So to be a part of a project so early in my career, you know, that is promoting, you know what, what happens when having a family, the sacrifices that's being made and stuff like that.


I'm like, bro, that's fire bro. Because it, it's, it's done in a way that I feel like, you know, some kids watching this at home probably like, yo, I want that one day. You know? 'cause we got so much content and material that is doing the complete opposite. So to play something like this is like, bro, I feel like God is like smiling down. Like Yeah, good job bro. And when I watched it all I kept thinking to myself is like, man, he loves her so much. Like, you're Ben. Yeah. Ben. Yeah. Not Emini here. Well you know what? Emini here in the movie, some people Don't, to be clear. Be clear For real. That happens where people like Hell yeah. People be watching them be like, yo bro, I feel like you like her real. I'm like, no bro. I'm like, I'm doing my job, man. Like, Yeah, well as an actor in the, in the family affair, thank you watching it. I was like, wow, he loves her so much.


But there were times Emini here, y'all had, there was a lot that y'all had to deal with. Like, I don't wanna give it away, but as a EP on the project. 'cause you're EP right, right on the project. Are you an involved EP where you're making those decisions to show like the, it's it was like subtle moments. Like one time I think y'all went to a restaurant and she didn't order something and you noticed it, you're like, what's wrong? 'cause you didn't order blah, blah, blah. Little stuff like that. Are you being like, oh, we should do that as a ep or is that coming from somewhere else? Like Yeah. That, that, that adjustment. No, but a lot of things like, yeah I definitely like behind the scenes I'm like, guys, we can't put this out. Like, I'm like, bro, this is not, like, this don't really happen. You know? And a lot of times it was dope 'cause they gave us the creative freedom to say certain things. 'cause oftentimes stories like this a a different race is heavily involved.


Like there's Caucasian producers that really don't really know some of the intricate details. What happened Absolutely. In black commun. So, absolutely. So they really like sat back a lot of times it was very like, collaborative, you know, shout out to the producers, John Jordan Davis, Jeremy and, and everyone, Bruce and everyone. Mary of course like all of 'em. So it was fire. 'cause I was really able to be like, nah guys like, nah, this is gonna send the wrong message. And like they, they listened And I was like, yo, this is crazy. Like what? Like people don't even know. Like I really influenced that. Before you was in the business, did you pay attention to the images of black people on television? Because I Yeah, I've heard you mention that a few times. Absolutely. Okay. And, And I, I thought it was very disrespectful personally. Like, you know, a lot of times when you meet Europeans or white people that's really not exposed to black people in this country, they have this preconceived notion that we're like very ignorant.


Like the amount of times that people like, yo man, you're so young and you speak so well and articulate. I'm like, as opposed to what I hate. I'm like, I'm like, yeah. I'm like bro. Like it is like, 'cause it's that many people that is like you because oftentimes what we do, and I've been watching because I've been watching out for a while and different things And I be like, bro, it's like they be asking the right questions to the wrong people sometimes. And then they say something, I'm like, oh my God, now The World think that's how we all think. And I'm be like, no, gimme an example. Hell nah. Nah, that was a good one. Good conversation. It's, that was a good one. But it's just like, I'm like, bro, you having people answering questions about politics and they don't know shit about it or certain things about, I'm just like important things.


I'm like bro, And I, I'm not trying to sit here and say I know everything I would, it's okay to say I don't know. Right. I'd be like, bro, I don't have enough information on this so I'm not about to just give the wrong information. But, you know, and when that happens a lot or, or the content and like Emini here we're looked at as violent as fuck. Like people are scared of us, boy. Like our bro, the our stereotype is just, is crazy and we're perpetuating the hell out of it. Yeah. This guy, you're absolutely right. But that this, that's something that was designed since the beginning of time. That's true. Yeah. It's, it is not even about this modern day era of media that we're in. Like literally the big black man has been the villain in history forever. Right, right. And to ju to justify slavery and, and, and, and racism and all this stuff towards black people.


But I just feel like we don't have to perpetuate it, you know what I'm saying? But a lot of times it's like, 'cause during the reconstruction era, that little short 12 years, like we were outpacing white people really like, like fast in this country. And then that's when, you know, the whole concept of black people are da da da da da and they started just tarnishing our image and making us look like the most feared thing on planet earth. Right. But then it's just like, and now the only ways we get famous Emini here, the only way we get successful is usually like a situation that's just such an anomaly. You know, like for every, like I love 50, I love Hove, I love, but like for every one 50, for every one Hove, you know how many millions he getting locked up. Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, Emini here, that shit's a, you know what, that's crazy. Like, or for every one LeBron like to be a LeBron burn.


That's 0.0. God only make a handful of big niggas that can move like that. You know? And so many people like really think they can be that. I'm like, bro, like you got your priorities fucked up. Like you're going after something that is far from the majority. Like you're going after something that is pure favoring grace and that's in favor, that's a supernatural advantage that God gave you to really fulfill his will and his job. So it was like, that's not something that you could really bank on bro. You know? And it's just like, but you got like, we're banking on these things. Yeah. Which is like crazy. You're not wrong though. It, it is intentional. You ever seen that old movie? It's old though. Like Dumbo called Birth of a Nation and it showed all of the black people and basically they were elected officials and they were like, you know, eating chicken with their feet and licking their fingers.


Oh no. Like it was just, that's where actually the negative stereotype of chicken came from. But they did that because they wanted to show, this is what happens if you put black people in politics. This was like in the damn authorities. I think it was. So yeah, it is absolutely intentional. And I always think about like after the nineties, because we didn't, we grew up on it in a very positive era. Like we had great representation of us. Yeah, You had great music Too on TV and music, right? Yeah. Yeah. So you had the Cosby Show and the different Worlds and the Martins and the Living singles and the Girlfriend, like all of these shows showed black people just being great working class, right? No, that Americans, that's true. It was like, it was like you, it was like an intentional shift to reality television. Right. Why do you think that is Charlamagne? I don't, I ask everybody from the nineties that question, like I asked, like Michael Jamal Warn is up here, Eric Alexander.


I asked him that. It wasn't like it wasn't successful. It Was super successful. Yeah. Cosby Show was the number one show on television. Different world was number two. So it's like, how did that happen? It was intentional And I, you know, I think y'all know something. Don't Yeah. I just, not saying it. I just got here. I Don't know nothing. Tell me what you think. Yeah, I, I just started business man. I'm trying Exactly trying. If I start, if I start really doing, if I Start really doing comedy on like a whole nother level, start touring. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Making some s like from touring. Yeah. Lemme get 20 million in the bank. Yeah. I'll, I'll start, I'll tell the truth. I'll start that shit. I'll, I think I know exactly what's going. No, I'm playing. I don't. I don Well Congratulations too. Appreciate you. You went Gorilla heard you got a pregnant and you know, did Theno nice cute photo shoot and all that.


That was pretty Dope. Yo. Yeah. Glow is funny as though yo, she's so famous. You ain't deny that one you denied when Lauren brought up whoever she brought up, You ain't denied. You ain't say that. I was just asking. Huh? You say her name? Adriana. Adriana. Adriana. Adriana. Nah, Adriana, that's my dog. Yeah, that's My dog. But the Glow thing Emini here, it was for the video, right? Yeah. Yeah. Of course it was for the video. Glow is so famous, bro. It's crazy. People was coming up to me in the streets saying, oh that's glows baby daddy. I'm like, first of all Jesus. Like, I've been in this shit longer than Globe's been around. And then second of all, like other people was coming up to me and saying, oh my God, you done trap my girl, you Didn't wanna leave when it's Not real. Yeah. And they was like, yeah. And they was thinking I trapped Glo. I'm like, yo, I make like a good like salary, like I've been making good money.


Like before Glo even came into this, I'm like, Hey, you're saying I trapped her. That's crazy. Her following is like, legit, bro. Are You gonna put a ring on her or you just gonna keep it? What gonna do you gonna have more kids? Nah, that's, that's my, that's I don't think Glow want Kids Glow is focused on career right now. That's priority. Who introduced you to just, you know, therapy and, and, and mental health? Like, like who told you like, you know, you need to go out there and do some work on yourself or did you have people around you that was doing it and you decided to do it? Like that's a good, I think, I think it's my boys like that, you know, I got some friends that, you know, are strong believers in the Bible. Like whether it is they're conservative Christian or they're Pentecostal, Jehovah Witness, things like that. And in the conversations that we have, oftentimes when I'm talking to them, it is like they hold up a reflection in my face.


And it's really good because a lot of times with certain spiritual things, it's like you can only see yourself spiritually. Just like you can only see yourself physically through a mirror or if somebody's telling you there's something on your forehead. If I'm telling you there's something on your forehead with, and there's no mirrors ever around, you've gotta trust what I say. So there's certain things that ano only another person can see that's in your soul. So I, I think I've been fortunate enough to be around people that, you know, they hold me accountable. You know what I'm saying? If, if, if I'm acting a certain way or if I'm just not, if I'm just being too fleshly, you know, they, they, they bring that to the forefront. So, which forced me to go to therapy at one point And I was like, bro, you know, you could just do it. And I was like, man, nah. 'cause I grew up with like OGs where it's just like, they call that shit all type of soft, weak names that you and All them niggas Needed.


Yeah, exactly. Every single one they needed the most. Right. And then I went, I went there and then, you know, just thinking about certain things in my childhood and the way they was breaking that down and bringing that up, I was like, yo, I'm like, bro, we all need this. And it's like a superpower. It's like the first time I feel like you ever just look at yourself in the mirror, get a haircut and brush your teeth. Like that's what it do spiritually to you. Like a lot of people walking around like, bro, they like, they're so unaware of what's going on. And then, and the ironic thing is like they think they know so much. It's like the people that's just so far from themselves and from reality, they got the biggest opinions and know so much. But you know, I feel like when you go there, it kind of humbles you and it allows you to see yourself from like a third party perspective.


And, and it's healing man. We need that In the, in the family affair. You deal with your brother who has mental, like health issues himself. Right. And you try to help him through that. He stops taking his meds. It's a bunch of stuff that happens. But then also you start having your own like struggles because Right. You have a lot of pressure. And the fir I remember the first scene when you're in your office and it's like an anxiety attack And I recognize it as an anxiety attack because we talk about it a lot. Right. But did, do you have people reaching out to you? Oh, I guess it didn't air yet. Nevermind, scratch that question. In you doing that, does it trigger anything for you? Because you had to go through therapy yourself, I'm assuming you dealt with some stuff that was heavy, kind of like what the, what your character Ben dealt with. Like, did any of that trigger you?


Definitely, definitely. Like I I, my life at home is like, it's a tough one. Like, you know, my brothers, my brothers go through it. I then going through it and my family have gone like, they're going through it currently. You know, so it's definitely a lot of pressure, you know, that that movie in a way was kind of mirroring like some real stuff in life. But yeah, I just, I just try to keep good people around to just help carry me and lift me up. But yeah, it's a lot going on back home and usually when you're the one that like, you know, you, you make it out so to speak. It's like it is a blessing and a curse. Mm. You know? 'cause then you start speaking a language that nobody around you understand anymore.


And it's like, it, it's, you're speaking everything but English and it's the most frustrating thing. 'cause it's like you watch the way you could help somebody. They're asking you for advice, but then the things that you're saying, they're not even taking it. And then you're just like, it's almost gonna drive you into insanity when you're the only one that makes up. And then you're forced to create an extended family. Thank God that we can meet people and, and have this family. But at the same time you just receiving so much shit from back home that it's like, it's, it's such a fucked up thing. Like, it's like, it's not what it's all cracked out to be. It's, it's a blessing 'cause yeah, you're financially free, but like you've been tasting this financial freedom but you've been also building yourself in a prison. Mm.


Simultaneously. And you're like damn


Piece of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether you're screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stretch free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At&t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not Guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive. Cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors. And with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


When do you separate though? When do you say, you know what? Sometimes I gotta step away so I can be free mentally. That's why I got a lot of dogs And I go into, I go into nature And I, most of my friends, it's not entertainers. Like I love the business Hollywood, but that's not like, that's not a real place. I had, I had a real life, you know, so, and I'm so aware that that's not a real place and that's the way I try to separate out of that. And I just, I ride horses, I just do mastering in nature, bro. Like that's the only, and that's what I communicate with God. And I read scripture like God is the real reason why I'm like sane. Like the reason why. And I was talking to the surgeon general about this in the US doctor for Vic Mur. So he hit me up last year to hop on the last leg of his tour.


We are made to connect because the national crisis right now, the mental health situation. And when we was having these conversations, man, he was just like, it's literally because we're not connecting to higher power anymore. I agree. You agree? And, and it's like we literally have a, I believe it's like a worship chromosome and like every human being to praise a deity to do this. But what we're doing, we're taking on these burning these burdens in a narcissistic way and like we're carrying a weight that we were never meant to carry. Like we're trying to fight this battle that's way bigger than us. And when you just put all your worries, you cast all that onto the Lord, like, it's like, it seems like a lot but you're like, nah, I'm good. Like I know I'm just fighting a good fight, bro. Like this is really is battle. I'm just a soldier. So it just, it alleviates that and that's how I'm able to just go about my day.


Like by the grace of God, I'm not on any type of, you know, certain stabilizers mentally or whatever. 'cause God is that for Me. You let a lot of people let ego lead instead of letting God lead. Absolutely. You know? Absolutely. That's why I always tell folks, man, I believe in God and therapy. Yeah. If you're a religious person, like, ah, I'm not gonna sit down and talk to nobody. Well I I respect you for being religious because I'm, I'm a spiritual person, not religious, but I believe in God and going to therapy Absolutely. At the Same time. Absolutely. And I appreciate that man, what you preach because you talk about therapy a lot in your book and interviews and certain things. I was like, yo, like he's not just like, he just don't talk mad shit. Like you really, you like How you I used to talk mad shit until I started gonna therapy. Oh, That's what's up man. Yeah.


2016 I started, I started going to therapy And I think whether you want to or not, if you're doing it for real, it's going to change you. Absolutely. You can't, you can't hide it. Absolutely. It's like DMX and Belly when he was undercover, you know, in the nation. Yeah, Yeah. Nah, yeah. And he, he, he was undercover, but it, it got to him. It's like, oh shoot. So once you start doing it, like it's going to change if you're Doing it for real, it's inevitable. No, you're right. That's a hundred percent right. Absolutely. Now I wanna go to BMF. How did you get BMF? How was that that situation? That was, man, that was fire. That was actually during the pandemic. So like, I was fortunate enough again, man, I hate to keep saying God, but bro, this is Truth. No, don't ever hate to say be Murdered.


I don't, I don't wanna be that person. But like, God's timing is crazy. So like right before the pandemic was blown up on All American and then all, and when the pandemic hit All American got way bigger. Like it was like the biggest show in The World. 'cause everyone's saying their ads at home and watching it. So we was like, we got so famous that it was, it was unprecedented. Like it was like they was gonna cancel the show on CW and Netflix made this show like just a household name. And, and doing that I had like three different offers for different shows And I saw BMF coming And I was like 50 cent. I was like, oh snap, this is five. But I was like, for a second I thought it was one of the power things. 'cause I'm not gonna lie, I never wanted to do power. I've never, only because it's like I feel like I wanted my first drug thing story to be a true story.


I I didn't want to just do it just to do it. Because when you're doing it and no shade to anybody that do it, the little Power Boys, Michael and Gianni them. I love Little Power Boys. I love them. They cool, they cool, they cool as hell. Like little yeah, they little in stature in in just everything. Jesus. But, but nah, not just that, not just that, but I was just like, if I'm gonna do that, like I would, it would be five if it's like a true story, you know. And I was like, yo, this is two brothers that ran one of the largest domestic drug distributions in the history of this country. And I was like, bro, this is crazy. And then I did an audition and they knew who I was And I 50 watched the show. All American, the showrunner, lot of producers. And it was like one audition that I like got tested And I was reading a long time Meech Lil Meech.


And it was like, bro, like you know, you you, you bring something out of him that's da da da da da whatever, whatever. And I booked it And I was like bro. And I actually went out for B Mickey Andante. Wow. Yeah. So I really, yeah. Yeah. Did You ever sit with TT? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Yeah. Nah, that's a, that's a real, that's a real dude man. He's a solid guy, you know, and he's like, he's like a Oracle. He is just like this wise OG that just sit back, you know, and then just he narrate from his perspective, but he tried not to get in the way. And honestly one of the greatest compliments he gave me was when he was just like, bro, the way you portraying his character is, is fire. And even offscreen is like when people see you, they see me. And everything that you're doing is such a great representation of me.


And I just wanna say thank you. And I'm like, to me that was like an Emmy, you know, like forget what the critics gotta say. Like the man that I'm portraying is like saying thank you and you're doing a hell of a job. I'm like, bro, That's crazy. Lemme have a question. 'cause you know, it, it is based on a true story, but you talk about the negative images of, of black people. BMF was, you know, huge drug dealers. So how do you, you know, justify playing that role? Right. No, which is a great question. 'cause I, I've, I've been asked that before this interview said the same thing And I was just like, okay. And it was like, how do you feel that you're promoting that and you're perpetuating this image? I was like, well if you watch a 8 24 a Blumhouse film or anything like that or like a scream and somebody's like stab at someone 57,000 times, do you think that I'm gonna go stab someone 57,000 times?


No. And if that's what you're thinking, you probably shouldn't watch tv. Right? So, so what what I'm doing is like I feel like one you should receive it in the same manner that is art. But two is a true story. There's a true story about black people that was part of one of the most successful human trafficking in the history of The World. The trans-Atlantic slave trade was one of the most successful human trafficking. Actually it probably is These most actually. Yeah. The, so you got these two brothers and when slavery was abolished and all this stuff was happening, now you got these brothers in the middle of nowhere. Everybody know poverty is the mother of all crime. They know statistics show it, Benjamin Franklin said it. All the founding fathers know, that's why systemically they put these position, they put these things in a certain position just for you to fell.


Right. And you got these brothers that rose out of that, that created this organization and ran this organization that they ran. And I just asked people, I challenged them to be like, imagine if they had a better environment. Hmm. That would've been Steve Jobs, that could have been the Wright brothers, that could have been Elon Musk. And then that could have been, you know, to yeah. To have that courage and to lead that many men to really listen to you, you and follow you and salute to you in what you're doing. Especially niggas. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Not exactly. And something illegal too. 'cause you know, if we doing something illegal together, I don't really gotta listen to you 'cause I could tell the cops on you at any moment, but they had, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, bro, I don know they had a cold bro.


That's crazy. So I just challenge people to look at it from that perspective and be like, damn, like we're a product of, you know, I still think we, we live in a great country, but you know, the founding fathers of this country building on a certain playing field and you got brothers that rose out out of at a time that that wasn't positive influences at all. So I think if they were born in different times of better influences, they would've been scientists, they would've been anything else. A hundred percent. Right. You ever read the book Outliers? No. By Malcolm Gladwell. And and he, he talks about that in the book and he just talks about how like all of these different people at different points in time were like they were at basically being at the right place, the right time with the right circumstances. So that's how you become a Steve Jobs a Jeff Bezos, it was somebody else.


Absolutely. But, but they all came up around the same time. They're all around the same age. But it was just the, the the right place, right time, right. Circumstances. Exactly. When you got that kind of mind. Yeah. To your point, Meech, RT could have led any Fortune 500 company. Exactly. Exactly. And I, and and that's the beauty in the story and that's how I look at it. So Emini here, people could say, yeah you just choosing to see what you wanna see. But I feel like I'm seeing it objectively in the, in the correct way. Did you Get a chance to talk to Big Meech since big me? Yeah. I used to. I used to actually talk to Big Meech a lot like FaceTime. 'cause Lil Mech would be FaceTiming him on set while he was locked up and you know, and talking to him and he was just like, yo bro, they be playing that all American shit all the time. Like, and this shit, like we watch all y'all shit. And he's, he's cool to sell.


Like those guys honestly, they're like, that's like Bigfoot. You know, those are like, it's, it's like foreign creatures that's like, yo what like every rapper mention these people and I'm like, by the grace of God and I'm around these juggernauts like real street legends and then the hip hop legends, I'm just like, bro, sometimes it feel like a dream And I'm gonna wake up and be like, bro, I had the wildest dream last night. You know, it's funny, I remember the first time I saw the BMF documentary, I said to myself, this shit ain't real. I'm like, if this was real, all of these dudes would be in jail. And then that's what ended up happening. So I hope that, I hope that Well no. So I hope that the show continues on so people can actually see the consequences.


Correct. Yeah. To the lifestyle as well. Right. I think that's a good teachable moment too. Absolutely. Absolutely. And I think that's gonna happen. I think people's gonna see the ending and, and what happens. So, so that way when people are considering this, they know that they could really lose a great portion of their life. Absolutely. Well definitely check out Family Affair. I was gonna ask, are you, are you and Mech cool like in real life or how's y'all Bond? Lil mch we, we, we cool. Like it's all, it's all love. I think we just, you know, he be so busy in his world, he could tell He ride horses man and be in nature. I know, but Can be in nature. Play Brothers on the Club, be in the club. He groceries the groceries. He can ride a Horse. Nah, that's good. He rode the horse after he got the groceries or He put the groceries on the horse.


Nah, it means, it means me in a different world. Even in his own little world. I got love for him. But you know, we, we just, we be on this side of the planet, I'll be on that side of the planet. We come together and we work and we do our thing. And Lauren, What was that thing about? I was going there. Yeah, what, what's your, so first of all, funny Marco, Shawn take your girl. Who's my girl? Lala. Oh my God. Do you get tired of people bringing that up to you? Like just that because on screen y'all interaction is, is very complicated. And then off screen, there's like moments too. It's like y'all was holding hands. Nah, I was just being a gentleman. You know, I was just, she was just, she was, I think she was a little tipsy and she was like, oh can you help me walk? And I was like, yeah, I got you. And I was just doing what, how my mama raised me to be like, yeah that's, You'll be turned up.


You'll be telling, sending all your checks to Lala. Play with OG Lala if you want to. You been getting Checks Before Blow was famous. He got a couple checks of spare. That's What I'm saying. Facts. Facts. Oh okay. Okay. I'm trying to be like, y'all Made him blushing now he ain't blush the whole time talking. He was talking God smiling. Exactly. That's crazy how, Yeah, but no you, it's a little bit harder now though. The smile's a little bit bigger. Nah, that's What I'm, I'm messing with you. But yeah, Emini here I guess so nothing because y'all always say it's nothing there. But even when y'all was on Jason Lee's sit down show, it was a minute ago. Oh yeah, yeah. Even there I was like, they kind of cute though. Like there's like a little synergy. No, that's that. That's my dog. Like I think LA is one of the most genuine absolutely humans in this absolutely business.


Like, and she got a spirit that is like, you almost feel like you knew her forever. So like when you're around her, she brings like out like this kid in you. You know what I'm saying? So that's probably why when you mentioned her name I was smiling and shit but, and then she gave me great advice. Like, that's my dog Bro. What's the best piece of advice she's given you? Personal advice or work advice, whatever. I think she, she, she helped me see situations for what it is and like vetting shit, you know what I'm saying? And all like see the other side And I looking at it from an objective point of view, you know what I'm saying? Getting my emotions outta shit. And then like She'll and then, or if I'm like, yo, I'm having a conversation with this person. Like what do you think? And then she'll really call me and like give me the inside scoop. If she don't know him, she'll like, wait, let me find out. And at one time I was Emini here, like from the littlest things to like sometimes someone tried, they stole my social media And I was trying to like sell it back to me for like 200 k.


I'm like bro, ain't no weight two oh k. Yeah. And I was like, yo lie like what the hell da da la. And then she hit up Kim's people and they gave me a social media person and then got my shit back in 48 hours. I was like Little Kim's people. No Kim, I didn't know what Kimmy was talking about y'all. She said little, I didn't know which Kim Like I went instantly. Kim Kim, you Know the Kardashians run that social media over there? Yeah, you're right. And that is her like best. They're like the feds if anything is happening. Call. How fast did the turnover happen? When Kim? When Kim bro Like 48 hours. Oh wow. Like I thought I was done. I was like, oh my god, I'm gonna have to pay this or something. Like, yo 48 hours. I don't know what they did. It was like, bro it was crazy.


Were they posting Crazy Stuff? Nah, they didn't post it. They was just trying to sell it back first. And then I was, thank God they didn't post craziness. They didn't. I don And I don't know how they did that. How did you feel when Power got, I don't wanna say canceled, but they ended power. I felt good about it. I was just like, My Man, nah, nah. I was like damn, that sucks. They out of a job. Like I know that feeling, but I know they're about to have another spinoff. Like it's gotta be Right? 50. Yeah, 50 is like, it is like the Avengers bro. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, just like Chris Evans and the rest just resigned, the Marvel. There's obviously about to be another Avenger, so you know, there's about to be something else. It'd be Like Power Book three or, Oh no, they already Did three. They already did four too. They did four too. Yeah. Yeah. It probably, yeah, it's probably, it's probably gonna like a new force. Yeah.


The last episode of y'all, last season, y'all were like in the middle of the, like the desert. It was like Mexico or something. Oh Yeah. Right. So y'all, y'all have another season, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. That should be, I don't know when it's coming out, but I'm sure like the first quarter of this year. Got you. How do you feel, And I don't even know if you see this, but like for that last season, a lot of what I was seeing online was people being like, all right, now the storyline is getting unbelievable Emini here. It's, it's TV and film, you know, like, I think, I think they gotta over exaggerate and do certain things Emini here personally, some of the creative decisions, I'd just be sitting back like, ah, damn, but Emini here, there's only so much I could do. It's almost like when you're a player on the field, you playing football, basketball, whatever.


Sometimes you just gotta run with the route that the coach tell you to and it's like, it's, it's bigger than you, you know? And, and yeah, but I, I, I, I shut up. I humbled myself. It's like, bro, I just got in the game. I'm not trying to piss people off. But the BMF story is unbelievable. It just is. I, if you watched the documentary, I'm proud. Watched it back in the day And I'm like, this is not real. It like, there's no way this shit is really going on in Atlanta. Like, no. Yeah. And he brought Zoo Animals in the club. A party flew to Hannah King. Yeah, Hannah King. That's my, that's the homie Hannah. She did that party. She still does amazing parties now. Yeah. But she did that party back. People Are still finding cars with money in it. Like cars that they own limousines. They, they find a panel and they have like money in it. I believe It. What state?


Yeah, that's, she's like, I'm about to go, yeah. About go buy some cars. What's happening at, and, and so in this the upcoming season, do you figure out Lovewise like where are you? What you doing? Because you all over the place, you got, it's like two families at this point. Yeah, I think he's, I think he's more focused on the money. Like, I think, I don't think he's ever gonna figure it out. I think it's still not figured out. Honestly. Guy mad if you asked me, like, it's not figured out to the point that the real marquis's getting pissed, you know, like how that story is being portrayed. So I don't think, I think it, they, yeah, like they not, it wasn't really thinking about family for real, like that they was just like Emini here, of course, like they were to a certain extent, but it was like, yo, let's figure this situation out, you know? So I don't even think they really like had the capacity to be like, yo, we want to, like, I'm gonna think about really just sitting here and building family with this one or that one, you know?


Right. But maybe that happens, I Don't know. Do people come up to your, in real life upset about how you doing the girls on the show? Because you, you mentioned that with Adriana. Absolutely. People really just be like, bro, why you doing my girl Sydnee? Like that Sydnee Mitchell. I'm like, bro, first of all, when you're talking about the show, you use my real name and then when you're see me in outside, you use the character name. I'm like, bro, that's kind of crazy. Like when you're saying like, yo DaVinci was doing this for Lala, that's on the show. But then when you see me in real life, you're like, yo, Terry, yo, you Marisha. That's my, And I'm like, yo, bro. Like, you gotta stick to the, you know what I'm saying? Because it sound crazy. But yeah, people all the time, man, like mad gangsters be coming up to me. Like, they Be mad about how you meet with Lala. Yeah, absolutely. And then the gangsters be coming up to me like, yo bro, like, first of all, they be like, yo, what is it like to fuck Lala?


And I'm like, bro, that's not real. And I'm like, bro, there ain't no way, bro. I'm like, bro, they bro tell, I'm like, bro, that's not real. And then they start going into, they meets and t stories. I'm like, bro, like if you tell me this shit now I'm an accomplice kind of, you know? And I'm like, I'll tell on your ass. And they just, they just shut up and they just keep it pushing. But like the amount of gangster stories that I have to run away from, bro, I'm like, bro, I'm, I'm, please like, What's your dream bro? My probably to play two sound Leche or Doline, they was like two characters that was very influential in the Haitian Revolution. The Haitian Revolution was one of the most profound revolutions in the history of The World. Only because it was the first time black people gained their independence on paper, you know? And it was a small little army that destroyed Napoleon Bonaparte's army, who was known to be like the Best War general at the time.


So I think it'll be fine to like be a character in that story. Like that's like a real Marvel superhero. Yeah. To black people, you know, like they created their own language, which is the language that I speak fluently, which is Creole, which is 75% French and like different languages. And they switched it up just so when they're fighting, when it was in the war. Like the French people can't really understand, but we can understand Flint, French, you know, so it's kind of fire. And I think that story is like dope as hell. And that's one of the things that don't ever get talked about. I would love to play a character like That. Emini here. Yeah. That's why they punish in Haiti to this day. Oh, damn Charlamagne. You said it brother. I did not say that's a fact. Yeah, yeah. Nah, for real. And you Dominican, right? Yep. Yes he is. Yeah. What up man? You my Neighbor. I'm not Dominican. He is. I am not Dominican.


He Just say the he lying. I'm not, I'm fully black. A hundred thousand percent. Oh, what? Oh, you, I thought you joking. You really thought that. See, you can't be mad that people think you doing La la wrong. You date Lala and you think he Dominican's Dominican? I'm not Dominican. I have no, my parents are black. Black, like black lying. Yo. I don't speak no Spanish. Nothing. Nothing. I don't know why he don't claim it, but it's crazy shit. I am black. Why'd you get nominated for Dominican DJ Award? I'm black. Black. Why'd you get nominated for Dominican DJ awards? Because you say it every morning on The Breakfast Club and people really think that, oh, He really got nominated for that Dominican. Where your daddy from? My daddy. He's black. Where's he from? He's black. Where is he from?


He's black. See what I'm saying? Yo. That's crazy. Where's Your dad from? Dominica. Oh, is a Caribbean island. DOA is a Caribbean island. Dominican is his family. Your dom man, cut it out. My dad is half black and his father's from the island. The Dominic is a Caribbean island, bro. And my mother is a hundred percent black. I don't, I don, I don't really know why being here lying like that. Don't wanna claim his s that that's not true. That's actually hilarious. Nah, that's okay. DJ nv like, it's okay, man. Okay. Your set. Good to meet you brother. Yeah, likewise brother. It's a pleasure to be here with you. Absolutely. Make sure you check out Family of FA Premier in January 25th at 8:00 PM Eastern all lifetime.


While Nmb looks up his birth certificate. You look up my picture so you can see my parents And he, he can't find no picture where he don't look. Dominican. Nah, I White jeans, curly ham, giant jerseys. Knock it off. It's The Breakfast Club. Jordan, did you play baseball? No, I actually played football of Ace and football. I'm From Queens Village. So Queens Village is nothing but Haitians. Nah, that's, That's your cousins. Dominicans and Haitians are the same thing. One of Dominicans, same Haitians skinned Haitians. Yeah, exactly. Same thing. Oh my gosh. Same thing. I'm black. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here And I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You Are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing, and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Tom Cohen, LinkedIn's Chief Product Officer. If you're just as curious as I am about the way things are built, then tune into my podcast Building one. I speak with some of the best product builders out there. I've always been inspired by frustration. It Came back to my own personal pain point, so we Had to go out to farmers and convince them. Following that curiosity is a superpower. You have to be obsessed with the human condition. Listen To building one on the iHeartRadio App, apple, or wherever you get your podcasts.