
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys. It's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and s sipc. Full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Hey, when's last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like Intern John and your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love This station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Oh, What Snap I run Kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey Music station hot 99 5. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Lindsay Cab Betti. Did I say it right? Pretty close. Well, what is it? Cab Beta Cab. Beta Cab. Cab. But you Got it. Welcome. Thank you. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Happy to be here. Now if you don't know who she is, she's an actress and the first black actress. Hold no, wait, wait, wait. Look. Let me say something because she, 'cause she off had before we just started. She said, how did y'all find me? And I said, you're the first black actress to play Alpha full-time. How can't we find, she said, how dare I. Exactly. So how dare I go? She there you the first black actress to play Alpha full time on the Broadway. Wicked. How Does that feel? Well, congratulations. First and foremost. Thank you so much. Yeah, Emini here. It's a dream come true. It's like surreal sometimes. And sometimes I'm like, oh yeah, this is exactly where I always thought I would be doing something like impactful for our community and our industry.


But most days I just like, I'm just dumbfounded. I can't believe I'm singing these songs. What, what did it mean for you personally and what did it mean for Broadway? Personally? It was an opportunity to tell the story of my community, our struggles, our strengths, our power for our, for our industry, for the entertainment industry. I think it just opened the eyes of who can do what and who is capable of what. And just like brought a more creative outlook to art. Now you were in Hamilton before. Yeah, but I wanna start from the beginning. My birth Okay. What, what Did my birth, how did you get into the arts?


Like what, what was so special to you? You said this is what I want to do. You know, it's funny, I started at church And I hated singing. My parents saw something special in me and kind of like thrust me into music. And You're Ethiopian, correct? Correct. Both my parents are from Ethiopia, immigrants. So I'm first generation And I loved playing outside. I loved playing sports. I was super into my academics too. I was just like a really hype kid. I feel like I was just, I couldn't be stopped. Perfect for Broadway. Oh, perfect. For Broadway. Lots of energy, especially for this role, but like being inside, rehearsing and like, I just was like, I wanna be outside And I wanna be playing. But I started to see like how music affected people specifically in church and how that moved people spiritually.


And I was like, wait, I think I'm good at this. Yeah. Something. I don't know what it is. I don't know how to hone in on it, but I know that it just feels special. So I wanted to keep trying. And then I started doing like community theater and middle school and high school. And in college I decided I wasn't gonna study it. I had other interests. I studied diplomacy and world affairs and undergrad and politics, all, all different angles to make like positive change to The World around me. How many, how many times did okay, I said, and then you got to Broadway, so explain how you got to Broadway and, and those feelings. Midway through my five year run in Hamilton, the audition for Alphabet came up And I already actually had another job offer that I was very excited to, to embark on.


And my team was like, Emini here, it's depends on what you wanna do. And I was like, well no black woman has ever played this role. I'm not gonna pass up this opportunity. So I auditioned. It was like six rounds across maybe like four months of me flying to New York to from LA on Zoom. Just lots of different, it's a, it's a long process to vet such a technical skill with that that is required for this character. So after all those rounds and the up and downs of the emotions, I got it. I don't, I got it. I don't, am I gonna, I don't know, just like so much inner turmoil. I finally got the call from my agent And I started cracking up. I like, I couldn't even like emote. I was just like, this cannot be happening right now.


So you thought it was a joke or you, or you didn't know what you felt? I think I didn't know what I felt. So you just laughed. I was like in shock. Yeah. At that point I think I had convinced myself that it was highly possible. I was, I was in the final, like four people maybe, but I was like, universe, God, mother earth, I receive whatever is mine, however I want this. And I feel like I would be great for this moment, but like, I accept the outcome. So I think I was, I, I was playing both outcomes internally so well that no matter what that call would've, what, whatever the outcome of that call would've been, I would've been ready. So I think my body was like, oh, okay, this is happening.


I had to like, go on a walk and like ground myself to remember what was real. I couldn't believe it. That's amazing. It's Crazy. Wow. How many, how many times do people try to gaslight you? Like, is America ready for a black alpha bowl? Right. Like the damn green face isn't fantasy enough. It's so silly and it's, people say things like, she's green, like it doesn't matter what her race is. And I'm like, she's green. Exactly. She looks different than everybody else. Like that is the point. So I do think The World was ready. I do think The World was ready And I feel so grateful that it was Me. You know, it's only interesting, like I took my 9-year-old and my 6-year-old to see Wicked on Broadway and they saw the movie. So to them Alphabet is is black. Black Is Black. And isn't that like, like, like if I say, if I say that to them, like, you know she's black, right?


Like of course she's black. Like yeah, that's all they know is a black alpha. It is crazy that this generation gets to live in this, in this climate and see it as normal. Like that's what they get to grow up experiencing. And that's my favorite part of this is this whole generation that is just, this is their norm. Why do you think it took decades for a black woman to get this role full time? Like what, what does that say about Broadway, if anything? I think art is a reflection of the society it represents. So I don't think Broadway was particularly doing anything outside of what our country represented. And as times have changed, so has art.


Art has shifted. So I feel like it's exactly, the timing is exactly right. And again, like I can't speak to why it took this long, but all I know is I'm happy I'm here. Do You get a lot of love or do you get a lot of hate? I Get a lot of love Emini here. Haters are haters. There's always haters. There's always critics. The the reason I ask is like, I took my kids too. And of course the majority of people in there Yep. Are others, or I should say are white. I should say white man. God Damn. I was gonna say, I was gonna say others. I say hell. But I was wondering do others, You're an other. You're Actually other. I'm the other actually I'm, I'm green. Okay. Okay. You're green, you're the other.


I'm, I was Just say and what type of hate do you get? Is it letters? Is it, you know, 'cause I thought the play was phenomenal. And like I said, when I, when I seen you in the hall, I took my 3-year-old and then I took my 23-year-old. Wow. Wow. And they both enjoyed it. They Both enjoyed it. That was crazy. It was great. Across the generations, people relate Emini here, it's the hate, I don't know, I wouldn't even call it hate more than just like strong opinions because less so about race more, just because this is a long running show, 22 years, everyone who has seen who comes to see Wicked has seen Wicked more or less, the amount of people who is, who are new to this piece of work is very little. So everybody knows every word, every intonation, like every way, every single line goes or every vocal part goes.


So it's not, it's less like why is there a black alphabet? I don't really get that. There's more celebratory energy about the racial thing. But people just like what they like. And you know what, that's fine. I cannot be for everyone. And I think that's what this show is teaching me, especially this character who has to fight with The World around her. Not trusting her and misunderstanding her. But she always says true to who she is. And that I think is my biggest takeaway from playing this role. What was the most challenging part about playing Alpha, if there are any? I would say a mental and emotional fatigue. Mm. The show is very emotionally taxing. I am constantly faced with like the biggest, most complicated inner feelings that specifically a black woman can experience.


Feeling othered, feeling misunderstood, not being trusted, disillusionment, believing in someone, trusting in someone, and then realizing that it's not what it seems. So I think there's a lot of times when I leave the show And I have to just like, I don't even turn on the lights in my apartment for hours. I have to be like dead in my head because just like the emotional rollercoaster of what the character requires also requires me to plug in and charge when I'm not there. Let, let's stay there for a minute. Yeah. Moment. 'cause alphabet is one of the most demanding roles in, in Theater, if not the most. Yeah. If Not the most. So, so what's your pre-show ritual to get into that head space and, and voice space every night? I think I definitely take stock in how I'm feeling.


If I'm feeling like more tired, maybe I'll listen to like hype music or like take a walk or like take a hot yoga class. Something to get me my energy going. But if I'm feeling particularly stimulated that day, sometimes I listen to like jazz and something calmer. I usually do like a 30 minute warmup, half of it physical, half of it vocal. And then while I'm getting the greening, which takes 30 minutes to do my makeup every day when they're doing that for me, I, that's when I play music. And music I feel like is what drops me into whatever emotional space I need to get into. The character Makeup only takes 13 minutes, 30 minutes, 30 Minutes. Yeah. Damn. I expected more. Right? Yeah. People usually think it takes like hours. Yeah. I was gonna, they probably just do your face, neck and hands.


Right, Right. And like a little bit down my back, but like, it's only a little bit down my arm. So it's, I was gonna so bad. I Was, do you have a life on Broadway? Can you have a life on Broadway? The amount of shows that you shoot, shoot, Lemme tell you. Eight a week. We have one day off yesterday. Damn. I could Say there you can have a life on Broadway. When you're alphabet though, which is a different beast, there is no life. It's very difficult. I think I try, I'm a communal being. I need the energy of others. So I try to balance it. But most states I do spend chilling on my own. 'cause like I said, the mental toll is really, I really have to like, relax in order to bring my like whole heart and soul emotionally to the character.


So everybody has a life, but I have less of a life right now. You have less of life, but you know, it's, the sacrifice is worth it. Lemme tell you, it is worth it. What's harder hitting that defiant gravity note eight times a week? Or carrying the weight of representation every time the curtain comes Up? Ooh, ain't that the question? Definitely the representation. It's just, it means so much to so many people. And like, I think another, back to what you were saying about the hardest parts of the role, like I put a lot of pressure on myself to make every interaction I have through this period of my life has something meaningful to audiences. Black, brown, white, it don't matter. Like, I just, I think that that opportunity can sometimes feel like pressure to me just because I care so much And I really want all, like, especially the kids, I want kids to go away feeling empowered.


So defying gravity is like, is like a science. It's like, this is how you sing it. It's vocal technique, but with the cultural, racial, emotional aspects of it. Like those, those things take real care and, And I really put a lot of effort into how I present myself and what I share with my community. So you feel actual pressure to represent? I do feel pressure in that I feel like it's more self-induced just because, like I said, I care so much about positively impacting The World around me. And that's, I feel like that's been one of my dreams since I was a kid. Like, I never knew what I would do growing up, but like, that's kind of why I went into politics for a little while too and still have a passion for it, is that I care so much about just like positively, positively inspiring people.


So yeah, I do, I do feel pressure only because that's what I choose to care about. I don't think anybody puts it on me besides myself. Which is why this role teaches me to stay, you know, connected and true to who I am regardless of what's happening around me. Because I, I feel like if you just bring your full self to the role, that's, That's enough. That's, that's enough. I completely agree. Yeah. And that's exactly what the character does. She brings herself to all these crazy life situations and that's how she survives and thrives. Did you, did you reach out to actresses before you to to to ask them how the role was? Yeah. And how to get into the role and are they open to it? Especially you being black? Well, were they open to it or was it one of those things that's like Yeah, I call my agent?


No, they were incredibly open. They call it kind of like a sisterhood. Like the people who have played at Alphabet, they all sort of say like, nobody can know what it's like until you've done it. So like any vocal teacher, any like voice doctor, therapist, like, I can't explain to anybody in words what it feels like unless you, you know, you've experienced it. So hearing their experiences was like incredibly inspiring and just like really positive guidance for me into, into dealing with the strenuous nature of it. Like the one main thing I took away from all those conversations was like the girls, a lot of the girls were saying like, anything you experience, every other alphabet has experience. So like you're not alone in those intense feelings when it gets difficult.


So that just made me feel less crazy. And What's the craziest thing that's happened on stage? Did you see like a favorite celebrity in the stands? Did you have to run to the bathroom? What was the craziest thing that happened to you as you were performing? That's A good question. I can't really see the,


Hey, what up Y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the BOS premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


And here we have a specimen from the early two thousands, a legacy investing platform. Please don't touch the exhibit folks. It could crash. Ready to step outta the financial history museum@public.com. You can invest in almost everything. Stocks, bonds, options and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC, full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


Audience, I'm trying to sometimes when I know, so like Serena Williams, when the audience recently And I was like, oh queen, sometimes I stumble words and like say crazy things And I just have to like find a way to get around it. But during your performance, yes it happens. And the audience don't notice. No. Most Times I don't think so. Yeah. Unless there's like a long silence. I think people are so dropped into the show that they're like, they're not worried. Have you met Cynthia Arrivo? I haven't met her yet. She did send me flowers on my debut, my first show. That's nice. Which was sweet. But I think we should probably be doing some stuff soon. Mm. Yeah, I'm excited.


How do you navigate being celebrated but still feeling like you're breaking through systems that weren't designed for you? I celebrate myself because what I'm doing is a literal revolution. And I believe art is a part of social change and political growth. I believe art shapes culture and culture shapes art. It's sort of symbiotic in that way. So I feel like the fact that I have the opportunity to break through these barriers also like strengthens my relationship with myself.


I'm like, yeah, you did that. Mm. Who was your alpha? But growing up, like who made you believe you could defy gravity? That's a great question. I would say seeing Cynthia for sure, Emini here. Cynthia has done so many amazing projects. Yeah. Which like, have ins just inspire me endlessly. Audra McDonald. Also how she has crossed over to different industries to within the entertainment industry. So seeing black women be sort of like multi hyphenated artists. It inspired me so much. It made me feel like, like if they can do it, you know, I can too.


Do you remember your, your first audition For Wicked? Yes. Oh yeah. I was terrified, shaking. I remember the first time I sang Divine Gravity in front of the creative team. I feel like my hands were like, literally like, I was like, Yeah. I was so nervous. It was probably one of the hardest things I overcame in my career so far, like that day. 'cause it meant so much to me. I knew what it would mean if I would continue on in the process. Being the first black woman in the possible first black woman in the role. And just the difficulty of the material. I was stressed. But then when I did it, I was like, no, I can do anything. Like, once I did it the first time, I was like, I'm good. I got It. Aw. Are are you and Cynthia gonna do anything together at the Tony Awards?


Because you said y'all gonna do something. I pray honey. That's what I'm, I am asking the universe and doing all the networking I can. She's hosting to try to get she is hosting. Yeah. I pray. I pray. So if anyone can hear me, bring me to the Tony's. I would like to be in attendance. I think it would be really great for our community. You haven't been nominated yet. I can't be nominated for Wicked because it's not a new show in this season. I didn't know that. Yeah. That's a, that's a thing That's crazy. But if you're an actress or actor that takes the role to another level, you know, which you've done. I well, thank you. One, two. I agree. I do think that long running show should have the opportunity to award. Yep. You know, particular performances in that way. But from, from my knowledge of how it works, it's about the new works of that season.


There's like a interesting, maybe, you know, September of the last year till March of the current year. Something, some timeline that the show has to open. From what I understand, Back to what Emby was asking. Like, do you have a life outside of the way? So look, right, so you don't, you have friends of course. Right? Okay. You hope she has friends? I should please. Well, I hope I need a community. Okay. Right. Oh, okay. So you, you're a Libra. You got a birthday coming up October 1st, Right? Yes. Well, you better know. What are you going, like what do you do for your birthday? Are you working? I don't know. I guess am my, if my birthday falls on a Monday, it would be rare and then I would be off. But most likely I'm working. So You're off on Mondays? Off On Mondays And then that's the only day.


That's The only day. That's only Day. And so you worked the night? Yeah. Correct. Yeah. Damn. One Show or two shows Tonight. The what days? You Know, you have two shows tonight and One No, today is one. Wednesday and Saturday are two. Jesus. Usually Two shows in a day. You can't even have a shot. No. If you, I can't even pop up on you with a bottle. Like Girl we want, I Wish I could even have a shot this entire year. I can't. It gives a glass of wine a month. Okay. Oh, It's, it's, dang. So how do you celebrate being Alpha? But how do you celebrate that? Like really? Because it always doesn't have to involve, you Know, a partying. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But how do you celebrate Emini here? It really is sometimes very simple things like taking a walk by the water.


Like it seem, I know it's peace. And just like, I've never lived in New York City. I'm from California. I was gonna Say, you walk by the New York, whatever, like the Hudson living. Can You believe that gives you peace? It Gives me Peace. Okay. I'll take the water. Alright. I'll take the natural whatever. Or the trees. But like, it always, it always hits me hard when I think about like, why I'm in New York. It's for this job, it's for this special groundbreaking role that I'm in. Right. So like when I, when I finish the eight show week And I literally just walk out the theater, like I just, this piece comes over me. 'cause I'm like, look what I have accomplished and look where I am in this city that I've always wanted to live in. So I feel like celebration comes in very simple. I guess non-conventional ways, but not really just personal ways.


But like, look, I take my days off next week I'm going to Vegas to visit my friends and I'll be having a grand time. Yay. Sometimes Gratitude is celebration. I agree. That's what Emini here. Like just walking out the, out of the theater and being like, just taking a moment to, to feel what I'm doing. I feel like I've won the lottery Now. Is it true that, you know, it's hard to get tickets to Wicked at times, right? Yeah. Yeah. Is it true that for one of your shows you had 60 family members in presents for one of your shows? That is correct. And you know what? Most of them were family members and they all wore like our traditional Ethiopian clothes. And I was like, the Gershman has never seen so many Africans. Hilarious. And it made me so happy just to see like my culture represented in that, in that space.


And talk about your culture, right? I seen a picture on your Instagram with your family together and you were saying, this is my tribe. And Yeah. How, how, how a close knit family. How, how was that growing up? It's everything Emini here. I think that's probably one of the reasons I even had the confidence to pursue this career path. Like, my parents are immigrants. You know, I, most of, of my aunts and uncles and parents are, you know, corporate tech, politics. You know, did they Understand Business? They did not understand, but they did trust me. Okay. Which is, I think a strong distinction. 'cause they knew my work ethic. They knew that I had a very logical approach to it. But having their support was invaluable. Emini here, I could not be who I am today without every single one of them.


Yeah. I just got a few more questions because I know you got shit to do. No, You gotta show. I love being here. I got time. I got time for you. She like, I need Nap. Nap. I got time for you. Right. I remember seeing you cry after performing Define gravity one time. It was like, like That is probably true. Yes. It happens often. What, what were you feel? Oh, so you cry all the time when you do that song? Or? Not all the time. Okay. But I would say every now and then. What Were you feeling in that particular moment? That moment in the show is Alphabet. Realizing her power, not knowing it, but just realizing it, if that makes sense. So when I get up there and I'm, you know, flying and singing that song, it's like, it's the ultimate, it's, it's like arriving at self-actualization.


It's like, I'm like at the starting line of like, anything I could possibly be. So sometimes when I hit the last note and the lights go off, I like, I go like this because I'm like, y like I'm doing it. I'm doing the thing that like, my ancestors could not even imagine. Like even me as a kid, I couldn't, I couldn't even dream. I didn't even dream of being alphabet. Like that wasn't even an option. It wasn't even like I understood the racial divide as a kid. It was just not even something I even had the purview to imagine. So now in that moment, stepping into my power and let, and having that being the beginning of my, my journey, it's like, it's, it's overwhelming in the best way. Wow. Oh, go Ahead. Your birthday is on a Wednesday.


Si. You can't do nothing. Dang. And it's two shows. Two, ah, I'll be in the theater. It's fine. They'll bring You a cake. Yes. They will s right up the street. Right. It'll be green, green frosting. That's right. So, so what is the role taught you about yourself? Not not as a performer? Yeah. Or not just as a performer, but as a person. That's such a good question. 'cause I always like to, I give a lot to my characters, but like, I like to examine what my characters are giving me too. And I think we sort of touched upon it, but she's, she's teaching me to be unapologetic in who I am. And like you were saying, like trust that's showing up.


Being in this role is what is impactful. I don't have to do anything else besides just literally be the representation on the stage. So she, she's really, she's really challenging me to get my values in order in that, you know, my relationship with myself is the priority and is, is is my superpower. Wow. Now you did a, you did backup singing for Beyonce one time. I Did talk about that. Woo. Crazy. It was only a couple weeks. It was for her Coachella rehearsals in what, 2000 shoot, 2018. Yeah, I think. And just to see the master Emini here, that's it.


Like she is everything you can imagine. And she's so grounded. And to watch how she interacts with every department of every aspect of her, of her art is beautiful down to every, every step, every costume, every lighting, music choice. Like, it's, it was so inspiring to be, to be in her presence And don't ever say it was only for, I ain't seen for for hour. It Still Happened. You were 25 years old. You were so young and able to experience that. That's dope. That is so crazy. Yeah. Bless her for that experience. Really life changing. What's more intense doing that on Broadway? Her This Got Absolutely eight shows a week.


Like it's the frequency. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, if it was a couple a week, it'd be different. Oh, gotcha. You know what I'm saying? Like, one show a day, a couple times a week, manageable. Every day is a lot. How do you want your time asbo to be remembered? Do you want it to be remembered as a turning point? A movement or, or a beginning? Oof. I love that Turning point movement or beginning. Can it, I think it could be all of them. I really do. I think it's, it's a turning point because it's a, you know, historic, it's the first time a movement, a movement that has been moving already. So it's sort of like, I'm jumping on the train, maybe I'm sitting in the passenger seat, but I feel like that train is already moving and yeah.


I want it to be a moment where, well, people look at me and, and and wonder what their own capabilities are because that's what this experience was. I didn't, although I wanted to be the role, I didn't, I wasn't sure that I was even equipped to manage the intensity of how technical it is, but I took a chance on myself. I took a chance on my power and my, my abilities. And that's what I want this moment to be remembered as. Yeah, man. It's like everyone deserves a chance to fly. Means it has a whole different meaning with you as, Oh my God, that's my favorite line, Emini here. What could encapsulate the theme of the show more than everyone deserves a chance to fly. So My last question.


Yeah, of course. So the first week, your first week on Broadway Yeah. After you realized, okay, this is really eight shows. Yeah. What was that feeling on that Sunday? You know, this is probably gonna be surprising to you maybe, but I was like, no, I got this. Hmm. I was like, I was so concerned with my ability to sustain this And I I was wrong for doubting that. Wow. I really was, I I finished the week And I was like, look, it's a lot of work. Yeah. I'm tired. My body's tired. My voice is tired, my mind is tired. But like, I'm equipped. I feel like, I feel like I've had a lot of work experiences that I've built me to be able to sustain this.


And like, my body is strong so long as I take care of her, she serves me. So I, I finished that weekend. I was like so impressed with my own ability, to be honest. I was shocked. Yeah. I was Shocked. And the right person got the job. Thank You. That's right. These y'all are amazing and You keep killing it. Like I said, true. My family loved it. We had a great time. I'm so candy. Candy was expensive. I ain't gorum my kids wanted every piece of candy. $9. But regardless, Because they know they'll, the kids will eat the snacks so they Won't charge 'em. That's right. But they had a great time. Glad loved it so much. Glad Thank you so much, man. Glad That's dope. My Pleasure. Keep killing it out there. Thank y'all. You gotta go check it out. I am, I'm the only one that has not seen it yet. Come on out. I'm coming. Girl. Can't I know about you? So I'm like, I gotta come and support you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Y'all are amazing. Thank you. All right.


Lencia, Lencia, Lencia. You got it. Last name. Coca. Coca. I, I wasn't wondering. He's still gonna mess it up right now. That's okay. Ladies and gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamars back? BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app.


You know what's great about your investment account with the big guys? It's actually a time machine. Log in and zoom. Welcome back to 1999. It's time for an upgrade@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind@public.com. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Pay for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC, full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.