
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Wake that ass up early In The morning. The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne God, Jess, Hilarious Envy is out. But Lauren Ros in. And we have the two th a 2028 presidential candidate and the governor of Maryland, Westmore is here. How are you my brother Gary Back. It's, get me back man. It's gonna be back. Good to have you back, man. How you feeling, first of all? I'm Feeling great. Okay. I'm feeling great, man. Listen, and you know, contrary to everything else going on in the country, Maryland's doing great. Mm. Yes. So we continue pushing Emini here and honestly like getting really big wins for our people. And so we're, we're excited man. I, I wanted to talk to you about all of that because, you know, I know that you're implementing a lot of great things in Maryland And I wonder what could be replicated on a national level Yeah.


To protect us from a lot of things that this administration is doing that that hurt working class people, especially. Well, here's the thing, Emini here. I think right now we're seeing, you know, people you keep on talking about what's the power of the president and the power of the presidency. I think people would all see, right now, what's the power of governors? You know what I'm saying? What's the power of states? We have a whole lot more authority than people sometimes give us credit for, but frankly, a whole lot more power and authority than think a lot of governors understanding can take on. So for example, you know, Maryland has more exposure to these federal cuts, the federal public service cuts that the Trump administration has just arbitrarily and in many cases, by the way, illegally doing. Mm. And so what Maryland has done, we've come up with the most aggressive plan to be able to say, how are we gonna streamline and support our federal workers, create advanced supports for them, but also making sure that we can streamline them into available state jobs that we need.


So, for example, there are tens of thousands of vacancies when it comes to credentialed educators inside of the state of Maryland. We have thousands of, of people in, in healthcare nurses, et cetera, that we have as vacancies in the state of Maryland. So I'm like survive. People who are qualified and who are interested, we are going to streamline them, get them trained up, credentialed, and get them inside of the classrooms, get them inside of our healthcare facilities. 'cause you're solving two problems, right? You're solving a fact that we have a shortage of people in education, healthcare, and at the same time creating jobs. You're creating jobs. Yeah. Right. So I look at how Maryland has moved now in just these first months where Maryland now is going on really the 14th straight month of amongst the lowest unemployment rates in the entire country.


Maryland has now has an unemployment rate of 3%, which is below, well below the national average, despite the fact that we've had more federal cuts because of the Trump administration than most other states. And so I'm just like, as, as governors, you can be creative about making sure that you can get your economy moving, you can be creative about how you're getting new businesses on board, about how you're supporting your small businesses, how you're supporting your minority owned businesses. And you don't have, like, I don't wait for permission from the federal government to do anything. And that's the thing. I think that's the kind of posture that, that you're watching governors now able to move in this moment. So how do you, how do you continue to do that? If, if, if somebody like Trump says, you know what? We're not sending no more federal aid to Maryland. Well, Emini here, he, he's, where's the money come from?


He's done that. Okay. So where's the money coming from then? Well, the money comes from, you're actually having to build coalitions with the private sector. Okay. You're building coalitions with, with, with your, your other independent partners. It also comes from making sure that you're being creative about who your partners are actually gonna be. So for example, you know, I've said very clearly, we've got to make sure that we're focusing our economy on growth. You know, I, you know, we, we've gone from this year alone, Maryland has gone from a three and a half structural debt, three and a half billion dollars structural deficit that I inherited to now Maryland has a structural surplus. Right. And part of the reason we were able to do it is two reasons. One, we were able to be very strategic about our budget and really have some strategic cuts. There's about two and a half billion dollars of cuts in Maryland's budget.


The largest amount of cuts that we've seen in 16 years. But also what we're doing is investing in new industries. Hmm. You know, I just came back from a trade mission in, in Japan and Korea where we were talking with companies in life sciences and it and aerospace and defense. I'm going anywhere and everywhere where we think there's unique opportunities and partnerships to build our economy. And I build an economy that diversifies off of Washington DC And so we've just been very intentional and focused when I've said, listen, I will work with anyone that includes the federal government, but I will bow down to no one. And we are going to make sure we're gonna protect our people and make sure that our economy grows. Mm. And y'all be wondering why I act like that me and him act the same way.


Come on now. Come on now. That Was his version of Instagram live. Yes. You already know. You already know now. How, how would you, Hmm. How would you grade Trump's first a hundred days back in office? Emini. Here listen, I I don't even need to 'cause I talk to the people. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what Emini here, they, they told me the grade. Yeah. I'm, you can't lie to the people When I'm, when I'm talking to, to the farmers in the eastern shore who've watched all their prices get jacked up, whether you're the poultry farmer, whether you're the barley farmer farms that have been around and, and, and agriculture is actually Maryland's largest industry farms that have been around for over a hundred years who now say, I don't know if I can survive the next six months. Mm. Right. I, I go talk to the port workers down at the Port of Baltimore, you know, and it's one of the largest and most effective ports in the entire country.


Two thirds of the country gets their goods from the Port of Baltimore, either import or export. Right. And I talk to them who are now watching a significant pullback in goods, which means less hours for them, which means less work for them. I talk to everybody who's going out to grocery stores and watching rising prices. I talk to people whose job it is to make sure that our food is protected. Federal workers, making sure that they're doing, focusing on cybersecurity, making sure that veterans are getting a proper burial who now are out of a job, ask them how Trump is doing. Yeah. Last time about the first a hundred days is going, I I'm, I'm no Joe Biden fan, but when I heard Trump say yesterday that the GDP, the, the, the the falling GDP was Biden's fault. I'm like, well, that's just not true.


Hmm. What would you say to people? 'cause you're, you, you know more about this than any of it. What would you say to people when you hear that? When people say, well, this, that's Biden's, GDP, that Listen, you, you can't, when when, when the stock market jumps, you can't take credit. And when the stock market falls, you can't, you can't deploy, you know, deploy blame. That's not the way this game goes. You know, when, when you're the chief executive, you take the good and the bad. That's part of the job. That's what leadership actually means. And you cannot look at the policies that have come on board thus far from this administration, the impact that it's had on people and pretend like, well, that's someone else's fault. It's just, it's fundamentally not true. And, and if, if Donald Trump wants to try to take credit for things that go well, he also has to take blame for the fact that this is the first time that we've seen our economy contract.


Our economy gets smaller. That's right. Since 2002. So if, you know, if Joe Biden in 2002 could have turned around and said, well, that's actually Trump's economy. But he didn't because he actually chose to lead. Well, Donald Trump take on that same responsibility. Understand this is yours. What things, 'cause I know you did the, the service year option. Yeah. So, you know, workforce is really important to you. Huge. But with, in the first a hundred days, I'm looking at an article that says one of the big effects to Maryland is that one in every 10 workers in the state is employed by the federal government. And almost half of Maryland's federal workers live in Montgomery and Prince George's County. A lot of those people are gonna lose jobs. That's right. It's going to heavily affect black people. That's right. Heavily. So what what initiatives are you preparing now?


Because they going those hits are happening, they're gonna fill it, and they, they are, you know what, Emini here in real time, they gonna need money and work. They are. And, and you know, and we've actually been really aggressive when it comes to not just protecting federal workers, but also looking at the, you know, when you look at the, the, the racial wealth gap that is in the state of Maryland, for example, you know, when I was first inaugurated and we've, we've actually been able to, to address it when we come on board. But it was eight to one when I first became the governor. And I'm the, you know, I'm the only black governor in the country. The first black governor in the history of the state of Maryland, and only the third African American ever elected governor in the history of this country. And so when I came on and said, we have to address the racial wealth gap, the fact that in our state it's eight to one, I was like, the reason we have a racial wealth gap is of eight to one is not because one group is working eight times harder.


Right. You know what Emini here, like these are policies, these are systems that have put in place, that have allowed certain groups to be able to gain wealth and certain groups now. Right. And so we came in very clear that we are coming with a focus of work wages and wealth. When we came on board and when we talked about work, it meant doing things like investing in the service year option for every high school graduate now is a chance to have a paid year service to the state of Maryland. That we have made historic investments in apprenticeship programs. We have quadrupled the amount of apprentices in the state of Maryland and basically saying that while four year college degrees are great, not everyone needs to have one Right. In order to be economically successful. And we gotta pipeline people into real occupations, trade school, trade schools, you know what I'm saying?


And starting early with that process with young people because that not every per, like, listen, I I I, I joined the Army when I was 17. You know what Emini here, like, and, and you know, I went to a two year college right. And things worked out pretty well. So we have to make sure that everybody knows that their path doesn't have to be the same, but their path can be uniquely theirs and they can benefit from it. That we've been able to pass not just the, the most comprehensive procurement reform bill in the history of the state of Maryland, making sure that we're actually properly and evenly allocating capital to small businesses. Black businesses, over $3 billion have gone to black businesses and MBE since I've been the governor. Right.


86% of all Maryland contracts now require some form of MBE participation in it. And that number was at 35%. What's MBE again? Sorry? Minority business enterprises. Right. Okay. Yeah. So, so making sure we're being very clear that if we're gonna use state dollars, which by the way oftentimes is capital that's coming from, from African American taxpayers, that we need to make sure that we're being even, and we're being fair about the way we're talking about allocation of that capital that we have done exp and not just signed the largest pardon in the history of the United States. 175,000, pardon the largest mass part in the history of this country for misdemeanor cannabis convictions. I just signed a bill on expungement, on expungement reform, the most comprehensive expungement reform that our state has ever seen on a bill that I introduced.


And, and that I proudly signed that focus on making sure we can give people a second chance and actually clean their records. And so we've been very clear that being able to add a a culture of repair is something that is really important to us. Because when, when we all do better, we all do better. And, and, and, and racism is really expensive. And we're really trying to address that in the state of Maryland. I'm proud of the progress we're making. Jess, you, you, you, you're from Maryland. You live in Maryland? Yes, I am. And, And I wanna ask you, how is it working with Mayor Brandon Scott? That's my guy, Baltimore. That's my guy. Marilyn is leading right now with black excellence. Shout out to Angela also. Brooks, shout out to yourself the most talked about most loved Andrew Brown or ag And we got a lot going on in Baltimore.


We got the CIAA. Is that continuing? Do you know? That's team. Oh Yeah. Team. We, we, we want CIAA in, we want that to be C-I-A-A-B. Yeah. It outta Baltimore at the end of it. Yeah. It was better in Charlotte though. No, it was not. Yes, it was. Why I'm not gonna hold lot people said that It was better in Charlotte. Why? I'm sorry. Y'all better. Don't, don't talk about Sorry. You not, sorry. How about it's never coming to Delaware. So Delaware, Okay. You got that one. Baltimore's got a better buildup right now. Baltimore's gonna generate more economic activity. Baltimore city, for example, right now has the seventh fastest growing economy in the entire country. If you look at what's happening in Baltimore city, Baltimore city is on a rise. And we were very clear, you know, it is funny, when I first ran, I was like, we've gotta put a real focus on Baltimore.


And people was like, of course you said that you're a Baltimore and you're a homer. I was like, I'm not saying it because I'm a B morn. I said it 'cause I'm very good at math. Tell me a single state that is clicking on all cylinders and the city and the state's largest city is not. And the answer is, it doesn't exist that you've gotta invest in your largest city. In that case, in the state of Maryland, it's Baltimore. And so Baltimore, if you look at what's happening again, the seventh fastest growing economy in the entire country, the homi the the violent crime rate in Baltimore city, in the state of Maryland, Maryland's having amongst the fastest and most impressive drops in violent crime anywhere in the entire country. Baltimore Sea, before I became the governor, went eight straight years of 300 plus homicides in Baltimore city.


Mm. Now the homicide rate in Baltimore city, the last time it was this low, I wasn't born yet. Wow. Mm. It is literally having amongst the fastest drops in violent crime anywhere in America. So, so shout out to, to Mayor Scott. Shout out to the entire team because, you know, this is, this really is, this is gonna be, this is gonna be Maryland's decade, but in order for it to be Maryland's decade, it's gotta be Baltimore's time Flew to Baltimore Luther to k Nicks fish house in Baltimore. They just showed me some love out there. So I wanna shout them out. Hurry. Yep. Shout out to The middle of an interview with the governor just because, and The only thing that can hurt you in Maryland right now is the pollen. So what'll be doing about that? The pollen is bad. My, I wish it was an executive order. I could sign on that One. Right. Damn. The pollen is bad. You know what I love about Maryland?


About a couple of months ago I was in Maryland for my daughter's cheerleading competition. I was at, what's that place called? Just National Harbor? Was it it National Harbor? Yeah, National Harbor. Prince George County. And literally that's the first time people were coming up to me saying, yo, with everything that Elon Musk and Doge is doing, I don I'm, I don't know if I'm gonna have a job. My wife don't know if she, she's gonna have a job. And these were just regular everyday working class people that were so concerned. And they probably did ended up end up losing they jobs because 10 of thousands of jobs got lost. And so I was like, damn man. That's what, that's what really made me realize what they were doing was impacting, you know, everyday working class people in that way. And, And what they're doing is illegal. Yes.


Emini here, listen, if you look at every one of these decisions that Donald Trump is making, and, and, and let's be clear, when people say he's passing all these bills, no, he's not actually, there's hardly any bills. Yeah. His executive orders his executive orders. Yeah. Right. Over 150 executive orders. And all of his executive orders can really fall into three different categories. Right. It's ineffective, it's performative, or it's illegal. Right. Those are the three buckets that every one of his executive orders really pretty much fall into. And the problem is, is when you're talking about all these cuts, you know, you're talking about the elimination of the Department of Education. Do you know what Donald Trump does not have the authority to eliminate the Department of Education unilaterally. That's Congress. Right. 'cause Congress is the one that, that allocates the capital for it.


So this is actually a moment when we need to see Congress have a spine. We need to see Congress step up. Because right now Congress, no, the president is, is chumping you. He's pretending like you don't even exist. So I'm really curious to see, is Congress going to step up and do its job Well No, they already Emini here. A lot of them have already had bent the knee, Completely bent the knee. Yeah. Completely bent the knee. Do y'all Have conversations like that? Is it, is it worth you calling them out publicly? Especially, you know Oh yeah. Democrats in Congress. Oh Yeah. And and not, not only is it work that we, we do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And, And I think, And I, and, and actually in shout out Emini here, our congressional delegation, you know, actually led by Senator Chris Van Holland, Angela also Brooks is actually doing a really good job.


'cause I think our congressional delegation is really helping to hold the line on a lot of these things on a whole collection of different issues. But, but, but Congress is the one that, that fundamentally has to pass a budget. Congress is the one that fundamentally has to make sure that laws can get to a president's desk. Congress is the one that needs to make sure they actually hold onto their authority. And, and, and we need, in this moment, we need leaders to lead. That's what we need. And that's, again, one of the, one of the really, I think, unique things that we're seeing about governors right now is that we have a chance to uniquely show a different way. We have a chance to show, you know what, even in this time of chaos, we can still drive the fact that in, in, in Maryland we're having historically low unemployment rates.


That even in this time of chaos, that we are having historic drops in violent crime within our state. That even in this time, even in this time of chaos, we're still able to pass legislation that is not just important, but also is scalable and can be, can take place around the country. So that's a great thing about being a chief executive in this moment. But we still need Congress to do its job. Well when you see the power that Trump wields, right? Like we had congressman I green up here And I was like, I said to him, I said, man, I didn't even know Presidents had this kind of power. And he was like, neither did I. So when you see the kind of power that he wills, does it make you push the levels of your power as governor? Do you like Well, damn, lemme see what I can do. Well, You know, I, I actually, I think the, the things that we were doing even before Donald Trump came out is I've always been one to say, I'm always gonna push to make sure that we are doing justice to a job.


You know, I, I keep a clock that sits on my desk every single day that tells me how many days I have left in my first turn. And I, and I'm, I'm gonna run it back 'cause I'm, I'm running for reelection 26. But it tells me, in fact right now it's, it's 634 days left. Mm. Before my reelection. The reason I keep that clock on my desk is it reminds me, do not waste a day, man. You got 634 days right now until this time is up and someone else eventually will sit in the seat as the governor of Maryland, I'm not going to waste a day. Mm. And so I do think that our ability to be able to be creative about the levers that we're using to make change the s that we're using to make sure that we were doing important things like raising a minimum wage in the state of Maryland.


Because gone should be the days when you have people who are working jobs and in some cases multiple jobs and still living at or below a poverty line. Right. That we are gonna make sure we are aggressive about doing things like funding, having historic funding of childcare. Because parents shouldn't have to decide between is my kid gonna be okay or can I go back to the workforce? That's right. That's why Jess was off for so long. No, but but this is real. Yeah. This is a real, this is a real thing Emini here. It's situations like my mom, my mom, my, I I was raised by an immigrant single mother who worked three different jobs and did not get her first job that gave her benefits until I was 14 years old. She was Jamaican. Right. That's right. I, yeah, that's common for Jamaican to have more than one job wasn't That's, that's she wanted to do that her few jobs part-time.


Yes. But Emini here. Like, but, but, and, and here's the thing about it. This is a woman who went on to earn her master's degree and didn't get her first job that gave her benefits until her son was 14. So when people are having conversations about inequitable pay between men and women, or the racial wealth gap, I tell people like, I don't need a white paper to explain it. You know what Emini here, like I grew up in this Yeah. That when we're doing the work that we're doing right now in the state of Maryland around young men and boys about making sure that we are protecting our young men and boys and making sure we are lifting them up. Because it's not just because when you look at the data, how, how, how, how drastic and staggering some of this data is that we're seeing right now around our young men and boys.


It's because I came up in this, I was 11 years old when I had handcuffs in my wrists. Mm. So I get this. And so our ability to now use these seats and use these moments and not waste a single day is something that I take very, very seriously. And, and frankly I didn't need Donald Trump to show me the power of the executive because I think in Maryland we've been showing the power of executive, you know, for, for the past two years. Mm mm What are your, what are your thoughts on Trump not wanting to bring home Kmar Garcia? 'cause he was living in Maryland. That was the guy that was wrongfully deported. Yeah. And, and, and here's the thing for me, this actually has nothing to do with immigration. Hmm. Because people talk about this is an, you know, I love what he's doing.


Right. Immigration, I said, well first of all, if Donald Trump really wanted to fix immigration, he could do it simply by calling up Speaker Johnson and saying, I need a comprehensive immigration bill on my desk next week. And, you know, we'll be on his desk next week, a comprehensive immigration bill because Donald Trump is the votes. He's got the house and he's got the Senate. This has nothing to do with immigration. This just simply has to do with violating the Constitution. That's what this is. And so when I think about the case of, of of, of Kmar Abrego Garcia, my point is this due process matters in this He needs to come home. Yeah. He needs to stand trial and then let a judge decide what his, what the long-term, what, you know, what his, what his what his long-term, you know, situation is gonna be.


Not Donald Trump. You know, if, if they say, well he was doing X, Y, and Z. Okay, fine. Let him come home, let him stand trial and let him do what basic due process offers to every single person. And if all of that determined is true, then absolutely he should then face consequences and face a sentencing. But, but not because Donald Trump looked at a Photoshop picture and said, this is gonna be his fate. Yeah. 'cause that is a very, very dangerous slippery slope. And so my whole thing is this, just follow the constitution, follow due process and follow what the Supreme Court in a nine zero decision said that he needs to come home and stand trial.


I just, I I stand with the law on this And I stand with the Constitution. Correct Me on some things. Right. Because they, Mr. Garcia has acknowledged that he entered the US illegally. Correct. In 2012. That's, was he he was here Illegally. That's, he was undocumented. That's right. So if He's undocumented, does the constitution still apply to him? Yes. There was, there's still constitutional protections. Okay. And, and, and, and not only, and especially because what, what he is being held for or tried for right now are things that he has not, not only not been convicted for, not even had a formal accusation of, so this is the problem is that, so Donald Trump right now is trying to rewrite the constitution. Donald Trump right now is violating the Constitution by not allowing him to come home and have due process.


So yes. So the constitution still offers, you know, still offers what is the guidance around the federal government's responsibility, around state's responsibility. And that still does fall under the situation of of, of Kmar Abrigo Garcia. I think that's what's missing in this whole conversation. The fact that, you know, like Martin Luther King Jr. Said, injustice anywhere is a threat to justice. That's right. Everywhere. That's right. So if you see somebody not receiving due process when they're supposed to, that could impact any of us at any given time. And none of us wanna just be snatched off the street and deported to another country just because, And, and, and listen, the here's the danger. Today, it's Kmar or Burgo Garcia. Who's it tomorrow? Lauren la Oh my gosh. Because your last name. I'm, I'm just saying, saying it couldn't be what we're saying.


I'm using, using an example. And You know, Trump tried to get him and you Can't tell them that you're from Delaware. 'cause they'll be like, oh, please. Yeah, he don't that. Right. And then nobody's gonna even respect That. Why would y'all put me in it? No, but we're just using it as an example to say it could be anybody Say Charlemagne the guy. No, But it could be anybody because You know, he coming for you. Come for me. How, how you no coming for you. You for real. Did you watch the, the interview that when Trump sat down with Terry Moran? I I I didn't watch the whole thing. Okay. But did you see the part I said the tattoo thing because they were going back and forth about the tattoos or whatever when you see stuff like that. Because then media picks it up the other way and, and uses these tattoos that trump that there's evidence that doesn't support what Trump is saying, but they use it as a Well, he deserved what he got.


And how do, how do you guys in the government then fight that? 'cause the public opinion sways so much. It's, I I, I didn't see the whole interview. I saw I, I did see clips of it And I saw that part. And what's really sad to me is isn't just the fact that we have a president of the United States who is literally buying into conspiracy theories and, and, and, and Photoshop pictures in front of our eyes. What really also bothers me about it is it's the people around him who enable this. It's the people around him who tell them this is true. The people around him who feed him these pictures and say, yes, Mr. President, you know, he had MS 13 on his knuckles when he didn't. And so it's, it's, and and, and this goes back to, and this goes back to the idea that in many ways this has nothing to actually to do with kil, Marberg or Garcia.


This has nothing even to do with his situation. This just simply has to do with are we willing to follow the law? Hmm. Do we, are we a country of laws? Yeah. Or are we now a country where a president of the United States gets to pick and choose which laws we follow and which laws we don't? Are we a country that actually follows the Constitution? Are we a country that listens when the Supreme Court in a unanimous decision, and let me be clear, this Supreme Court hardly ever decides anything unanimously is Trump's court. Exactly. Lemme honest, this is Trump's court. He put three people on It. This is his card. Nine zero. The man needs to come home and stay in trial. And we have a, we have an administration right now that's literally using the Constitution as a suggestion box.


You know what I'm saying? So, so who, so that's fundamentally the problem. And, and, and what we continue to, you know, deal with and the fact that the, the re the, the relationship between the federal government and our states really has been ruptured. So when you run for president in 2028, right? I am Not running for president. When You run for president in 2028 and, and, and, and Trump runs again for his third term, what is the point of even running? Because, you know, it's just gonna be all for show Wes. Like, you know it because, because literally the thing that bothers me the most is people are normalizing that conversation. Like Trump running for a third term. Well then Obama can run again. If, if Trump runs for a third term, it's over. Yeah. The fight is fixed. We know this.


I, so one I'm not running. Okay. Whatever it was. But, but also, I also believe that anyone who's talking about 2028 is really delusional because they don't understand what's going on in 2025. I I agree. I think anybody that's talking about 2028 right now doesn't understand the situation we are in right now. Where we have people who are getting laid off, who have devoted their life to public service, who are getting laid off because someone who wasn't willing to take the same oath that they took now tells 'em their job is useless. Mm. Right. That we have situations where we have, we have small businesses, some cases generational small businesses that are going to go out of business simply because we have these arbitrary tariff policies that have nothing to do with economics, but have everything to do with ideology.


Right. That we have, that we have children who rely on the Department of Education. Kids who are, you know, children who are receiving special needs. Right. Kids who are in rural areas and parts of my state who now are gonna watch their co their funding not just cut, but in many ways evaporated because we have a presence of the United States who somehow believes that the Department of Education is not important anymore. Right. So I think for anyone who's talking about 2028 or trying to make moves for 2028, my answer is this, I really hope you wake up and realize The World we are living in right now. And live and understanding what's at stake. I think that they're talking about 2028 because they really don't have any plans for now. Like, they don't even, they, they've never seen this before.


Right. And they don't know how to fight it. So they're just resorting back to what they know, which is the next election midterms in 2026. Yeah. You know, presidential election in 2028. But That's why I think leadership matters. Right. And that's why I think if you, that's why I'm really proud of the work that we're doing inside of the state of Maryland. Because in the state of Maryland, we basically just said, you know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna lead regardless and our state's gonna lead regardless. And so when you're looking at the momentum that we now have within the state of Maryland, the fact that we have gone from a structural deficit to a structural surplus, that for the first time in 10 years we're watching labor force participation actually increase. And new jobs, new business starts actually increasing in the state of Maryland for the first time in 10 years. The fact that we are watching new partnerships and new builds, things like the service year option.


You know, things like making sure that we're, we're giving people second chances when they're coming back home. Like that kind of stuff matters because I think people, one thing I always learned in the military was this, no one pays attention to how you perform when times are easy. Because when you're easy, you can show me anything. You know what Emini here, if you ever wanna learn anything about anybody, watch them when it was hard. That's Right. Watch them when it was tough. Watch 'em when the heat got turned up. Watch 'em, did they curl up in the fetal position and just sit there and take it? Or did they actually mobilize? And I think what you're seeing in the state of Maryland, when we knew we had this crisis, for example, of violence that I walked into and saying, I refuse to be a governor that will just sit there and attend funerals and offer thoughts and prayers while my people are dying on the streets.


Mm. Right. And so we came in and we said, we are gonna have the most aggressive push to be able to curtail violence in our state. And now Maryland has amongst the fastest drops in violence anywhere in the country. When we saw what happened in the Key bridge when we saw a ship the size of three football fields slam into the key bridge knocking out the port of Baltimore. And when people said, it's gonna take 11 months to be able to clear the channel. And we got together, we supported those families of the six people who we lost that day. And we got that channel cleared in 11 weeks. And when we watch this onslaught, we're now seeing from the Trump administration where it is very clear my state has become public enemy number one for these folks. I get it. Why Is it because of you?


Well, I think Boston's a lot of proximity and just look at the decisions that they're making when you're going out, when you're going after the NIH, the National Institute of Health, when you're going after social security. Right. You know what those also are in addition to things that are, that are some of America's crown jewels, they're also Maryland assets. When you stand up there to press conference and say, yeah, the FBI building, which by the way was gonna be responsible for about $4 billion of economic activity, 7,000 jobs, something that we worked on for a decade independent of politics. And Maryland won that bid fair and square. And to watch a president of the United States in a press conference stand up there and say, yeah, that's not going to the state of Maryland because they are a liberal state. At least he showed his, at least he showed himself.


Have you, Have you met him yet? Have y'all spoken? We have. Okay. And we have What are those conversations like? You know, they're interesting spirited. Yeah, yeah. Because you, you never see the photo op. You stay away from the cameras when you're around him. Huh? Well, No, you know, it's funny. I actually, I actually met with him during the Army Navy game. 'cause you know, 'cause I, I go to the Army Navy game every, almost every year. Okay. And when he came to the Army Navy game last year, we had a chance to, to meet and we talked about the bridge. And I explained to him why the a hundred percent financing, why the cost share for the bridge was so important. Because this was a port that really served the entire country. That this was a unique situation because we are currently in litigation.


The reason that the port, the reason that the, the, the key bridge collapsed was not because of an act of God or because of a, a storm. It was because of negligence. Because a ship the size of three football field slammed into it. Right. And we're currently in litigation, and so the American people are going to be made whole on that. So I walked him through it. I talked to him about the economics. I was thankful that Congress actually passed the a hundred percent cost share. And so we're in the process right now of making sure we're gonna fulfill the commitment to the, to the American people. But I've met with him before. And again, I will work with anybody, but partnership only works when it's both ways. Partnership doesn't work when you're given and you're getting nothing back in return. Yeah. I've heard you talk about the importance of finding common ground with the Trump administration, but when you think about all the moves that they've currently made, what, what opportunities do you see for y'all to collab?


I don't, I can't see it personally. Partnership only works when it's both ways. Mm mm And if you're coming after my people, if you're, if you're, if you're literally trying to creator our economy, that's not partnership. And so it's just very, very difficult to be able to say that this administration has been a good part and forget about to me, to my people, to the people of Maryland. And I think when you go around the state of Maryland, you, you, you'll hear exactly what I am saying. There is a level of frustration that people have right now about the situation where, where we as a state are actually moving, not because of our relationship with the federal government, but in many ways in spite of Mm.


Yeah. You, you signed into the Second Look Act and the Expungement Reform Act. Right? Yeah. And some people feel that expungement records may heighten the sense like heighten the public safety, you know, giving people, giving some people a second chance and you give some criminals a second chance, they feel like, you know, they're gonna make it, it is gonna make it hard for certain people or hard for those who, you know, what Emini here like, like they shouldn't give second chances back in it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, no, I get it. A lot of times that's the case. A lot of times it's not. What would you say to the people that feel that way? Yeah. Emini here first I would say I, I I understand the concern or something. I really do. I also know this, like I'm a, I'm a child of God and my faith teaches me that, that we, we believe in second chances and we should offer second chances.


I also know that when you look at things like the Second Chance Act, not only are there, there are certain crimes that are not eligible for, for the second, for the, for the Second Chance Act. So, so there are some specific carve outs about Got it. You know, people who it's, you know, when it's has something dealing with, you know, sexual assault, dealing with children or, you know, you, you know, something dealing with law enforcement. Like, so there's certain things that do not fall into the category, but also what the Second Chance Act does do, it says, it's not saying it's automatic that you happen, it's just simply saying you have a chance to petition to have a second chance. Yeah. And have a second look. And so it's just simply giving an opportunity for people who in many ways, you know, have, have now been caught up in this system for a long period of time.


And for us to say that, that you know, that, that we don't believe that every sentence should be a life sentence. And that, again, my faith does teach me that second chances should actually mean something. And there should be pathways for it in, in, in, in, in certain cases. And people should have, again, just the opportunity to petition. This is not automatic, but it is the opportunity to petition. And I do think for the people who then will then qualify, these are people who are ready to enter back into society and be contributing members to society. You Know, forget, you know, people forget about the, the Second Chance Act. They forget the number after that three, there's a three strike law too. So if you dumb ass. So if you Dumb ass don't learn.


Okay. Right. Maryland doesn't have the three scrap law. Right. Well, and and here's the thing, it's like we have to who of us haven't needed second chances? That's right. Yeah. And if you mess that up, that's on you. Emini here I'm like, again, I, I'm a person who was needed second and third and eighth chances. And it's because people gave me a second chance. It's because people helped me to understand that The World was bigger than what was just directly in front of me. And that not all of my prior decisions helped to determine my future. That I'm now standing here as the 63rd governor of my state. Right. I believe in second chances. And I believe that people should earn the right to be able to have a second chance as long as you have those certain things that are in place.


And people should have the right to petition for it. And so I just, I just find it really, you know, at times when I'm people, when people are like, no, no, no, no, no. I just find it really rich because for a lot of times the people who are like, no, no, no, no, no. Who are people who are standing there because someone in the life said Yes. That's right. That's right. Talking of, oh, okay. Second chances. Right. Going back to Kenmar Garcia. Yeah. So I know that Senator Holland is like, he went and visited the El Salvad El Salvador and people were upset that you quickly said that you weren't go planning to go there. Why were people upset about you not going there when you already have boots on the ground? Yeah. Emini here. And, and that's thing I I I was, I've been in very close touch with Senator Van Holland. Yeah. I, I applauded him when he went.


We spoke before. Before even before he went. And so, you know, I know that as a member of, of the Senate, there are certain responsibilities and there are certain, and there are certain pathways that they have that I as a governor do not. Mm. That they have certain jobs that they can do as a governor. There are certain, I I know my job is different. We have always been completely aligned on making sure that due process is followed. Making sure that we can bring Kmar back home so he can then stand trial. And so I I I've been saying in lockstep with Senator Van Holland the whole time, I applaud him going down and making sure that he could come back and report back to the family that he had.


That he put eyes on him and said that he's, that he's, that he's physically okay. 'cause remember when Chris went down there, nobody was sure because no one had heard from him. And so Chris going down there to say, I, I now have seen him. I know he's okay, was a really important thing. Not just for the large society, but was really important for the family. But I also know as a governor, I have certain responsibilities and, and restrictions on things that I can do. And I'm gonna make sure that we're leading from, from the perch that I sit at, I think, I think y'all have to stop making it about Garcia and just start making it about making it about the issue of due process. That's all it is. Yeah. Because people, because it is too, you know, they love to do that to folks. They'll point to things in this character and we, I really don't know.


Yeah. But let's talk about the constitutional violation that's happening. And, and Sha you're absolutely right because I'm not, I am not. And I won't defend him. I don't know his situation. Same. Yeah. I don't know his background. I don't know. I have never met with him. So I'm not defending the person, I'm defending the constitution. Right. I'm defending the fact that there is due process and we've gotta be able to follow that. And frankly, once due process happens again, if a judge rules that, no, you know, he is a threat to side, he is this, he is that he needs to be set back then you know what, go ahead. Because there is nothing that I care about more.


And I think people are seeing that with our track record in Maryland. There's nothing I care more than about, than public safety. Like I make sure that our people are safe. I will make sure we, we have made historic investments in local law enforcement. We have made historic investments in not just in, not just our, our state's attorneys, but also Maryland's one of the only states that actually puts balance sheet into the US attorney to make sure we're getting trigger pullers off the street to make sure we're getting violent offenders off the street that we've made historic investments in, in, in, in violence prevention programs and violence interrupters, you know, people like we are us and safe streets that are down in Baltimore. So, so no one can ever question my commitment to public safety. But also I think you can be committed to public safety and committed to the constitution.


And I don't think that those two things are at odds. That's right. With one Another. I got two more questions 'cause I know you gotta go. There you go. I love the fact that governors have their boots on the ground And I saw Governor Josh Shapiro on Bill Maher, and I forgot what Bill asked him, but he was just like, look, I'm not focused on what they got going on in dc I'm focused on what I got going on in Pennsylvania. So I like that. How do we keep you from being a, a corny DC type? He will never Because them DC Come on DC corn them DC guys are so corny, man. Listen, You know, the, the, you know how I guess is I didn't come from that, you know what Emini here, like, like listen, when, when I first ran for governor, I ran against statewide elected officials.


I ran against cabinet secretaries, the former head of the DNC, the former head of the Democratic party ran for governor and then me, a guy who'd never run for office for in my life. But I was connected to the people, right? It was the people that made me the governor. It wasn't a party, it wasn't a political establishment. In fact, the political establishment wanted somebody else. Mm mm So when I got into that seat, I decided I'm not going to turn into something that I never was in the first place. You know what Emini here. So the way I have continued to lead is I'm about the people. I will always stand with the people. A political party does not gimme my talking points. Good. Don't let them change you. 'cause you know, they already talking about you with 2028 and they'll be like, Wes, come over here, start saying this and start doing that and meet this person and take money from this person.


And then, you know what, Emini here, like I don't, I don't, I don't play that game because I didn't get here. That's not how I got here in the first place, man. Right. Like Emini here, like I'm, I, I I am I am I am the most improbable governor in this country when you think about my journey, right? When you think about my life path and, you know, and, and, and again, I'm a person of faith and, and Hezeki Walker, you know, he's got a line where he says, when I think about my story, I can't help but give God glory. There you go. I know where my strength comes from. My strength doesn't come from a political party. My strength don't come from political bosses. I don I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't follow that. I follow the people that got me here in the first place. The people who bucked the political system, which was the people. And so I, I'm not at all concerned about becoming a, a, a creature of something that didn't create me in the first place.


And actually, I think that the main thing that people can do right now is stay true and stay committed and stay authentic. You know, when people say, well, what direction should people go in? Or how should people talk or whatever like that. I, I always find that question so confusing. I'm like, be authentic. Because if you're not authentic, the people will suss it out and the people will snuff it out and they'll take care of you the way they take care of You. My my my final question, this is something that I love about you, it's something that Dr. Omar Johnson loves about you. The fact that you have a black woman, because so many people and positions of power like you in government, especially black people, they don't now. Love is love, love who you want to love. Absolutely. But as a man who loves to see black men with black women, And I love, love, love beautiful black families.


I love it. What is the importance of that? You know, it's funny when, when I got married, we married now about 18 years. My wife, she's beautiful man. And she's just an amazing human being. And I remember when we said our, our vows, this shows you how corny I was when we first got married. We give our vows and I'm like, you know, my vows, I'm gonna keep it fresh and sexy. Jesus Christ. That's what you said, vow. I'm fresh and All you had to do two sound like a Tuesday party that sound like someone fly in a party. Jess was not. Hello. That sound like where your fly in a party come there fresh and sexy Friday fresh and sexy Friday in Baltimore.


But you know what her God was to me? She said, I will be your greatest defender. Oh Wow. I'll be your greatest defender. That's What black women offer us though. And and That's what They've always been Like. I'm telling you, man, when you think about what black women have meant to us, you know, the whole, you know, we was, you know, raised by women, got a game from women. You know what I'm saying? Like black women have always been our anchor. Black women have always been our guide. Black women have always been the ones to when the whole world denied us, they defended us. That's right. And they lifted us up. And you know, And I think about this where even the work that we're doing right now in Maryland around our, our young men and boys, do you know who beautifully have been some of the greatest champions of the work that Marilyn is doing, that really the nation leading work on supporting our young men and boys.


Women because they know that's talking about their sons and their husbands and their fathers and their uncles and their friends. And it's so beautiful to watch because it is very indicative of how black women and women as a whole have always been our greatest offenders. That when the whole world came at us, oftentimes it was women who stood in front of us with shields and say, not today. And I'm so, I cannot be more lucky about the fact that I married my best friend.


I married someone who I love and who I respect and who I adore. And someone who, you know, I'm so thankful is on my side. 'cause I never wanna be on the other side of her spear ever. But someone who I, who I'll ride for. 'cause she's always wrote for me. She, I had to slap the shit out you for something. Oh my God. Which one? She said what? 18 you 16 this morning. Shout out to Dawn, the beautiful dawn. She's the first African American first lady of the state. She Is. She sure is. She sure is. She's a beast too. She's a beast. Yeah. Y'all gotta come down.


Y'all gotta come. In fact, Y'all got, you gonna have crabs if we come? Oh, absolutely. Okay, I'll come. Absolutely. And in fact, she is the co-chair of the Preakness Festival. So for y'all, so you know, you know Preakness? Yes. So Preakness, is it Freaknik? I'm Preakness. Preakness. You said it's fresh and Sexy. It second leg. Yes. It's a second leg of the Triple Crown. The one of the biggest horse races inside of the entire country. But it's, but it's also, it's a big deal because it's a whole festival around it. And it's in beautiful Park Heights Baltimore. Yep. The home of Brandon Scott. But my, but my amazing wife, our state's First Lady is the co-chair. You gotta see what she is doing. The build out, she's having club quarantine De Nice is coming down there, bringing all, bringing Jada kids, bringing two short Emini here.


Bring everybody. It's gonna be a party. When is this from May 10th to May 17th. Come on now. Yes, I'll be there. May 14th week of stuff. That's right. Governor Westmore. Thank you brother. We appreciate you, man. Love, we love the work you're doing in Maryland. Thank you. Emini here. You know, I I somebody need to replicate it on the national stage And I hope that, you know, somebody gets the opportunity too. Yes, sir. You, because I don't know if we will have a democracy in 2028 or not, but we'll see. Oh, we will. As long as we don't, as long as we don't forfeit it. Yeah. Now that's, that's what I'm saying, like, like Emini here, like we have to understand, man, it's like the power does belong to the people. That's the beauty of, of, of, of where we're at right now. And, And I, And I'll say this one thing for our close too, and this is why Marilyn, I think actually is really important in this situation.


I, I'm a big, I'm a big history buff, so like, especially in really difficult times, I generally tend to lean on history. History. And I like a lot of Maryland history and you know, in really difficult times, like now I'll read about famous Marylanders, like Harriet Tubman. Mm. Right. Or Frederick Douglass or Thurgood Marshall. And I think to myself, imagine having a conversation with Harriet Tubman, who, by the way, one of the great things about being governor is I have the power to commission And I made Harriet Tubman a general last year, so she's now general Harriet Tubman. Yes. And I think about what would a conversation be like with General Tubman telling her about the dangers of this moment? And I think about the way she would look at me and say, do you know what I've been through?


Mm. Do you know what it was like when I had to run from my life for my freedom in the middle of the night running from dogs and people with guns. And then when I finally made it to Pennsylvania And I got my freedom, I then decided to go back to bring more people. And where she became one of the greatest conductors in the Underground Railroad. Right. And I think to myself, what a conversation where Harriet Tubman would be like, telling her how tough my job is, how difficult we've got it. And watch her look at me and say, I would've shot him. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. Why you arguing with 'em? That was it.


Exactly. Me. Yo. Like why you arguing with these people in Congress? You know what, Emini here shot in the middle of the night. In the middle of the night. In the middle of the night, man. In the middle of the night. No, I get what you're saying. You know what I'm saying? But Like, let's let's not forget where we come from. That's right. Like For all these people who like, oh, This is tough and Oh, this, we going get, please don't forget our history. Yeah. Please don't forget our ancestors. Yeah. Please don't forget what they had to go through and listen, I, I, you know, as, as as Kate I says, we gonna be all right. We gonna be all right. Lay at you And I and don't take the Harriet Tubman thing outta context. That was a nice black joke. It was inside joke. Oh right. Got. We're not trying to shoot anybody.


Okay. I know that was the Fox News was the inside black. I didn't think about how I could be perceived because Emini here I'm black and I'm here. But you know, Fox News, your tell. Okay. I know you gotta go. You good? Do you listen to Vato? Shut up Jessica. Thank you. We appreciate you. We thank you for coming. Governor West wake that as up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke With all your favorite people.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top reasons your dog wants you to move to Ohio. Amazing dog parks to stretch your legs. All four of them. Dog friendly patios, even gourmet hot dogs loaded with the good stuff. Bone Appetit and Ohio has so many high paying jobs. You'll be top dog in no time jobs in technology, engineering, science, advanced manufacturing, and more the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Go to call Ohio home.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.