
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law. Lar Rosas hanging with us today as well. And we got some special guests in the building. Yo ladies and gentlemen, jagged Edge. How brothers doing man? Good Man. Long time. See y'all in a minute. It's been a minute man. Growing Up a little bit. That's right. I always like to say this. This is one of the groups that y'all guys don't break up at all. Huh? Y'all. But how we see every RB group, there's always a breakup, there's always a problem. So tight Man. We we like each other. Absolutely Emini here. Half the group is us, So We love each other.


Right, Right. Little easier that way. Bruss is the one that be fighting. Nah, We be on the same page. Absolutely man. No doubt. I'll find days over with. We be grown. You Don't fight no more. Just make money. You never know though. And all of y'all still are in Atlanta? All of us. And that's where all y'all originally from? Nah, me and him originally from Connect. Connecticut. Connecticut, y'all, we all of up here. Shout out to Harvard down the street. Let's start. I Always like, like to start from the beginning when you guys come here. So how did y'all guys form the group for people that don't know, how did Jagged Edge form, All right, whoever want to take this?


Well me and my brother was in the womb, you know what I'm saying? But We had this group when we first got to Atlanta, you know we was about 15 years old. Oh, I don know why first somebody, so we, we was in another group when we first got to Atlanta. Not when we first got there, but when we first started singing and it was two, two other guys and we sang at this church picnic, Kyle was at the church picnic. He came to us at the church picnic and said, listen man, I got a group.


Why don't y'all drop the other two and come get, He even have a group. A group. But we didn't know that though. We used to see Kyle around anyway 'cause me and him was was basketball players and his, his cousin was played on our team. Played on our team. So we knew each other from that in passing. And then once we actually sat down and talked and we realized he could sing too, we put it together. It was another member at first and he fizzled out somewhere along the way and we picked up Wino and you know what, Emini here been together ever since, you know? Absolutely. Since we bought 15, now we've been in this group Now was now where did the name come from? The name came from, if y'all remember, think back to, I think I wanna say like 91, 92 was a group came out of Atlanta, called a Few Good Men.


They was signed to LaFace. Yep. So just the name of their, their group got me looking at movie titles and during this time I was, I happened to be at Candy House, right. And she had all these movies, like all these just, you know, rolls of movies. And I started looking at the, at the movies and when I seen the movie Jagged Air, it's almost like it jumped out like, hey yeah, you know what Emini here. And so I, and so I said to them and everybody was like, yeah, like not one person pushed back. Everybody was like, yeah, that's a dope man. That's it. And this was after y'all were already signed to Soso death? No, no. So You had a relationship with Candy before? Yes. Like what's only like a year, like a year prior to us signing? Yeah. Okay. And what was the relationship?


Was it just like music stuff or like, like how did You Atlanta Well we went to school. We gonna went to school with Candy. They was in high school together. We Graduated the same class. So when we did our demo he, he had took it to Candy House, just playing it for just like, you know, getting her approval. Wasn't even trying to get a deal or nothing. She liked it so much. She was like, she called winger one day. Like you still in that group? Y'all still, y'all still trying to get a deal? And he was like, yeah. So we made the deal with Ken, if you get us a deal you can manage us. Absolutely. That's, she got us a deal. So she was our first manager once we signed. Was your first Manager. She get to the money in the business side though. Don't So how was she, how was she as a manager in the early days? Emini here. She was getting her feet with us. But I'll always tell anybody like as far as being an active artist and trying to manage, you know, manages somebody is like having kids.


Right. You know what Emini here, you gotta be up for 'em. Five 30 phone calls and, and it's, it's just a lot. You know what Emini here. So You know, and also too shout out to Tiny too. 'cause she was just as instrumental. Absolutely. Without Tiny. She was like the direct link to JD on the business side. You know what Emini here. So without her it wouldn't have Well Zebo y Zebo, did y'all wanna sign a Soso death at the time or was that the goal? Like that's where y'all wanted to Go? Emini here we had, I, to be honest, we had a couple deals on the table. On the table. Right. It was Rowdy Mercury. Mercury at the time, remember Remember Mercury? Yeah. It was Rowdy Mercury and then Social Def came in there at the end of those offers. And I just think, you know, K did what she said we was what she was going to do.


Right. Absolutely. And that meant a lot to us. So we, we was gonna do what we said we was going to do. Yeah. How instrumental was the Jermaine Dupree with y'all now? Like do y'all still like call him about music? You know, for All Original Parts. Volume one, I know Emini here, you know Jermaine, my, he our, he that's our guy forever. Right. But you know, as much as I love Jermaine, I, I hit Jermaine about all kind of shit. But you know, it, it is rough to get Jermaine do some shit for you. Right. I'll be honest with you. If he ain't a part of it, you know what I'm saying? Like I've, I've had a, I've had a, a tough time getting his involvement in things that he wasn't really, you know, spearheading honestly Jermaine is why we are writers and producers.


Well at least producers, we was always writers. Right. But through dealing with him, we not like you can't just put us on no back burner. We not. That's right. You know what Emini here, you can't tie our hands. You can't. So we figured out how to go make beats ourselves. Absolutely. You know what Emini here learn how to play the keys ourselves. Learn how to do the stuff our, so he's a big reason why, and I'm not saying in a negative way. Gotcha. Just understanding that it, it takes more than just one man to stop what we trying to do. You know what I'm saying? And, and one thing about us man, we not petty, you know what I'm saying? Oh that's our, I got, we need something for us. We kind of respect the blessing. He took A chance with us man. We took a chance. So we respect the blessing and keep it moving. But we was already a self-contained group. Yeah. We was already writing, we was already like what we gonna wear on the show. So we really didn't need anything but the money I guess and, And the backing.


We need nothing but everything Other than that we self. But yeah but much love to jd. That's our family forever. We we just know it's a lot of bashing when it comes up. Yeah. Nah, nah yeah. None of that. Yeah, we ain't doing that. That's our And when did y'all leave Soso death And and why? We actually Soso death left us. Right. You know, he had a situation with Columbia, they couldn't get on the same page. So he left and went to, what did he go first? A Aris the first. Right. So he went to Arista and Columbia basically told him like he couldn't take right. If you want them you gonna have to pay it for a football team. And JD was like, I don't want 'em that bad.


They wouldn't let him take us and Bob. So we wanted to go. But you know what Emini here wasn't in the cars at the time. So When y'all left at that time, that's when it completely stopped. He never said I I'm not writing for y'all producing. Because y'all weren't on the label at that time. No, he was album. We got back together with Jermaine two different times. We went to, we went to Def Jam with Jermaine and then we did an album with E two with Jermaine. So yeah, Emini here, we've, we've you know, music, the music game in itself is a complicated business. And I think, you know, keeping your relationships tight is, is something that you have to do. But at the same time, if, if you can't get on the, on the same page with somebody, you have your own goals, your own dreams and, and that's what you gotta follow.


You know what Emini here and and that's what we did. Like Yeah. Knowing that y'all still got hits like let's get married and promise and all that. Like how does that feel to tonot that? I just saw a video that went viral where somebody had proposed to their girl and they had let's get married. Did y'all, what are y'all reactions from that other than it being funny and they should have picked somebody else like vocal but like knowing that that shit still hit. Like It is love Man. Yeah, I love it is an amazing feeling. Like, you know, we talking about this other day, like we definitely didn't get this to be a one hit wonder, right? Yeah. And we definitely wanted to have a, you know, a career that was you know, filled with you know, longevity.


So when you see things like that you realize you done hit your Mark A. Little bit. You know what Emini here. Absolutely. But we ain't done though. But yeah, it feels good though. Y'all saw That breaking 25 years of the je heartbreak. Let's Get married this point. What are some like stories like, 'cause I know you guys have probably been like just reminiscent because it's 25 years in celebrating. What are some stories that like we probably never heard in the making of some of the iconic songs. So let's get married. He can't love you Like that. Wow. Like I Brian you laughing? I was hard Brandon hard. You was close one the Honestly feel like we got so many stories but it's like how many of 'em is really suitable for tv? The thing the Disco goes on TV through Tuby though, so it's a Little difference.


You can say whatever the hell you want. We can cus you Guys have before you would drink. Are you comfortable? I saw in the interview Beyonce dad like threw y'all off of a tour bus, The bus. What happened with that? I'm trying to holler our Beyonce. It's so amazing like when it happened somebody said to us, y'all gonna be talking about this for the whole the rest y and they was y'all career. Fuck they was damn right. Like y'all still be talking About. I know what happened. So basically we was on tour with with Destiny Child and at the time Matthew was our manager. So we was sharing a tour bus, us and Des child, we all on one tour bus.


How big Was that bus? Not 12. And so, You know, I think it's probably well documented that Latoya has had different issues with, you know the crew this particular night, Latoya's mom was on the road. Ms. Pam, she was sick. Shout out Ms. Pam right? She was sick and Ms. Pam obviously had issues with the crew. So Matthew called, even though he wasn't in the city, he called back to the road manager like you know Miss Pam ain't getting on that bus right? And we was like, well we not leaving her out in the middle of Louisiana in the right. So she is going get on the bus. That dude had the police called on us, had us removed from the bus. So y'all The bus all get So yeah Emini here but you know, we just felt like whatever the issue is, it can't be that serious that you gonna leave somebody out here.


Right. And you not even here and you're not even here. It was Somebody's mom if it was your mom. I'm saying the same way. Come on man. Exactly. We deal what was right. Hey man, you know we from Emini here originally but we from the south and you know We momma that's brutality. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? So we kind of felt That like man we momma's boys so we had a obligation but we want to whoop Matthew. She catch you by the bathroom at one of your concerts. We gonna add your ass out. So shout out to Matthew for not going by that bathroom. The story Goes so 'cause you were dating La Tavi at the time, Brenda. And then, so she told the story on the radio station. She was saying that you stuck up for the group.


Like you you were the one about to go off. So you was at the bathroom with the Well we all did. We all did. But yeah, I definitely, I went in the room with the girls, you know I just seen it like, like I said, like if it was my mother it would've been worse than that. Like I would've turned, it would've, it would've got nasty and ugly. So I didn't want it to go that far. So I tried to have a conversation with the girls. I couldn't talk to Matthew. He didn't, he didn't make his himself available. Yeah, he was a New Yorker. But you know, I tried to make the other girls whose you know was in the group with Latoya, you know, support her and they all just kind of let me know that they had different issues with Latoya and her mother and that's why it was this bad. So, And I even, to be fair to 'em, 'cause I talked to Kelly about this after that and it got to a point where she even felt like, well at this point it's outta my hands.


Once Matthew took control of it, they didn't feel like they even had much of a say anyway. So you know what Emini here it is what It is. I did want to ask too, they used to put Pit one 12 against you guys, right? Absolutely. And it was a, it was a thing. Was it ever a Beef or was it just always Fun? It was Charlemagne did it man. Damn. You know what man it was never a real Beef. Like I don't know how many people know this but them guys like brothers does. Yeah. That's remember like outta all the male groups we've been on shows with or just been around or in our era, I should say one 12 was our closest friends. Wow. So yeah, it, it was never a real Beef but it got a little testy at one point.


Right. At what point and what happened, what was the Reason? When we was coming back from a tour we was on and we was pull into the city and me and Kyle Bus, y'all kicked them out the bus. This time We just heard them on the radio talking some, talking some trash. And me and Kyle just made a beeline of where they was at. I was taking my braids. I, It was just me and him. We knew all four of em was there. We didn't even care. Right. We, we was ready to do whatever had to be done. What did they say that was that bad? Well time remote. It was a lot of remote. V 1 0 3. Ryan Cameron Playing Hollywood. He Was Planet Hollywood. You know how old that is? Planet Hollywood. So they was doing the album, I guess a release? No it was our, it was our, was it our album Drive Doing Something?


They was doing something. They was doing something and Live remote. They was subliminally talking and he said well you know one 12, No he said this. I don remember, I'll never forget it. I don't know if Ryan Cameron had asked him the question but Q said something like, how could Jackie be the best group? They got two, they only got two lead singers. A cheerleader and, and A rah man. And I said, hey wow, I'm the rah. Me and that guy went up there on the mix. Nothing Happened. Like nothing happened but Was supposed to be the cheerleader man. It wasn't Bro.


I guess I was asleep that day. I don't know. We ain't waiting nobody up. We went Straight there And I honestly think like Ryan 'cause they was trying to, they was really trying to put us on tour together. So Ryan was trying to create something to make to drive the traffic. But nobody, You can't do It without Telling us. See what I'm saying? So we was taking piss, everything they Was doing, we talk shit back. Really good. You know what Emini here. But y'all wasn't say that we was in the room. No way. Yeah, so that's the issue too. Come on Emini here because I, I actually, I was the first person to ever seen that group before. You see what I'm saying? I'm the one turning 'em onto to their management. They had a did it before us. Right. You see what I'm saying? So it's almost like, just like Brenda, He was almost in one twice. Yeah. Like They, they were gonna try to put me in there for seven. They, you know what Emini here again and this was before I was in jagged edge.


You see what I'm saying? So again, like we've known these guys since yay high. But again, so, but like I said, you can't start something without letting us know. And they're like come on bro. Like That was that era with the, with The fake Beef. A lot of people Ain't doing that shit. Y'all Don't Even know how to, that's why they ain't tell y'all because y'all wouldn't have been with that As RB singers 'cause Emini here I've seen y'all go crazy turn up a lot of times. Right. Do y'all feel like as a RB singer you think people take L as soft and you sometimes you gotta prove yourself. They can take it however they want. It's a different situation. They say you fuck around and find Out your as gonna get jumped. You hit one of us, Your ass getting jumped but pretty much not the love I feel you like And I talk about this sometimes, you know like that stigma to me is is play no one's played out number two, I don't know them RB niggas who y'all be talking about?


Who is them niggas Like I don know who they are Saying Army dudes. I see all get it in real. I don know I Miguel go crazy real. Come on, come on. He's a martial artist. Like fight. Of course we know Trey come on. Definitely. Oh yeah we Know crazy ass Chris on Every RV person. Genuine pleasure p everybody you can think of who I really know bro. I don't know them niggas who they be talking about. It's not gonna be no easy win. And what it is is we are from the same places different. We Grew up around the same, We grew up in the r&b hood literally Up & hood.


At how often do People bring up the, the Cisco fight That Fight. He spared that man. Wait, wait because that's my man because you know we from Baltimore the fuck what happened Do somes in there But how you say up top I had to sun him had to son himself. Wasn't about it wasn't about nothing wasn't messing around drunk. Yeah, right. And it ended up getting, you know, And I guess he ended up getting, getting serious.


He said he he was getting was Actually I was chilling. Right. And I ain't, I ain't finna do all that nasty but I know I wasn't the aggressor. Okay. But I wasn't with the bullshit either. Like, hey man, chill out and if you could, it's on the video right. Chill out if you can see. I'm like, yo man chill out. And he was trying to like, oh man I'm losing this. You gotta lose me. He didn't throw that one. I Say he spared him. He wasn't really doing them dirty. I like y'all walk out. I as in there by of Me and him was already gone gone. Y'all squash all y'all, You, you quiet as it's kept, we fought with all the groups.


Some of them have had issues with us. We fought with everybody straight up. We fucked with. I got respect for all of them. All, all. Now there was a time where I feel like r and b died out a little bit. Right now it's back like crazy. Everybody's doing an RB party RB tour. The bigger party in every city be. So during that time when RB died a little bit, how did you guys survive? Because I seen tour slow down, music slowed down for r and b, everybody was saying r and b died. How did y'all None Of it did fight the best us not our record. We we, we never had a period where we wasn't booked. Right. You know what Emini here, I think that's probably why the music hasn't come as often as it should. 'cause we been on the road, you know what Emini here at this point we kind of looking at our career like would we be happy like just touring for the rest of our lives?


No. 'cause we creators and we really, and we really are musicians so Yeah. You know that's why we, that's why we came with this album And I ain't gonna lie, I never respected it. No way. You can't just shut down a whole genre. What's your complaint? What all RB sound Don't all hip hop sound don't all country sound like what? What, what does that mean? You know what Emini here, that's why it's a genre. Right, exactly. That's exactly what genre means. Everything that fits going be inside that genre. Right. So what is gonna be, what can we expect different from All Original Parts? Like where did that title come from? You And just for the record, y'all know they not bumping this in no trans disco, All Original Parts. Yo you stupid. I don who? I don Dunno who made that up.


That's hilarious. Y'all gonna have to open this Up.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play in a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant which provides 10% off undergrad and master's level tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more


American public university education that moves with you Ion Crazy. Yo. I was like what? And I was like oh know they gonna come No doubt. That's too funny. That a bother you on that? I know. Yo my bad. It just signifies the fact that, you know, even not even, not even just our era since groups have been a thing right? They've all broken up, right? Yeah. You know what? Emini here and Jackson's broke up. Even Jackson's broken, right? So you know, us being the one group who's never broken up, we wanted to kind of capitalize on that and that's why it's called All Original Parts.


Love That. Do y'all ever get worried that, oh go ahead, I'm sorry. No, no, no, no. Good. Do you guys ever get worried that like trying to top the how big your other songs are like Nope, nope, nope, nope. Emini here. I guess you know there's a possibility that we might not ever have songs bigger than it's a possible Yeah. You know Music like that ever again. Right? But I just think we don't let it stop the creative process. Absolutely. It's the same for us because it just might. Right. You see what I'm saying? You never know And Emini here we was, we people understand like we a hundred percent responsible for our music. That's right. So it's the same, same chemistry, same guy, same, you know, same wheels on the car, you know what I'm saying? We don't look at it, we just go in there and do what we do.


And and and to add to what Brian is saying, Emini here we this album like Brandon Brian said the other day we was at an interview. You can't look at this 11th album. All Original Parts. Like you look at JE Heartbreak, you feel what I'm saying? Like give yourself a chance to sit down, listen to the song and just let it flow. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Because sir songs grow on you slow and before you knew it you be like, yo, this my shit. Right? You know what, what I'm saying? At first it wasn't, but now you know what I'm saying. So please don't come up to us talking about this ain't gotta be name gotta be.


If you wanna that take yours back, Gonna Get that out. Scream that You remember when y'all made some of those classic records and did y'all know they were gonna be smashes as soon as you made it? Like when you made Let's Get Married or you made Promise, did y'all know like, oh this is going be It. We did kind of, I ain't gonna lie like we did, you know? And you know, even when look at songs like he Can't Love You, right. Every song we ever put out, we understood what it should be doing. Like we understood the only reason to drop he came before Let's Get Married was 'cause he can't sound like nothing on the radio. At the time we knew Let's Get Married was gonna be the biggest song, but we knew if you coming a song like this, it sounds like nothing it's gonna make that road for let's Get Married even bigger and Easy.


And they did. You know what I'm and they did. So yeah, we kind have Let's Get Married is gonna be that legacy song that when y'all going, your kids going, your kids' kids going, This man was mad that we dropped, he Can't Love You first. He was like, we, Let's get married. It just did something to you. You know what I'm saying? I'm like, what? Marry us and the record label, but y'all wanna drop this over Let's, That's why I never put my opinion on a record like that again. You know what I'm saying? Because at the end of the day, I knew he can't Love You was super dope. It was a smash. But let's get married and I'm, you know, again, I'm wondering anxious guys, you know what Emini here? Sure. Lemme say something. It's, it's the setup. It's about the setup, Right? We never go broke 'cause of let's get Married.


Oh Yeah. Crazy. The whole my brother. How old were y'all during those songs? How, what Was that Time? See? Right? People understand like we was writing no song. We 18, 19 years old, he can't even listen. So we talked about one of the reason we went down route is because what preceded us was what? Jode C Freak and you are Kelly Freak me. That was, it was so prevalent that that was the thing we were like, how do we, we don't wanna do, we don't wanna just fit in with the, with the, with the a we through, you know, I'm saying that back then it More so a lot of that was sex. You know what Emini here, y'all was on Absolutely Grown Man. Absolutely. Y'all, y'all were young. Like rightly and promise Brandon, you wrote that for Batavia, huh?


No, Not for, I wrote It for me for Different Emini here. He said I wrote It for me because I, I've been feeling this question since she did that interview. Listen, we are a, we are a team song. We are a songwriting team. Right. I gotcha. So no matter what my piece of the song may be about that don't, that don't mean the whole song is about that. You know what I'm saying? Because I think when you are a songwriter, it's not always an exact story. Sometimes it's pieces of a story that should turn it into one story. Right. Right. So yeah, there was a piece in there about tavi. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. But my part wasn't, no, but I love Tommy but I, my part I was gonna ask you, do y'all have a problem?


I feel like nowadays brothers don't beg for the vagina on They Don't got We never girls don't make them. There you go. The girls don't make, It's not even that they don't, it's that the girls don't make them. No He can't love for it was for play. You was outside her house play Back then, you know you had to lead up and just like, you know it's going take about an hour and a half You had for work. You was like hell pressed to not let it go. So a lot different now man. So how does that Affect her right now? Because now it's nobody's begging for nothing no more. Nah. Right. Emini here.


See you next week. Emini here with us. You know we trying to like even on one of our last independent releases, we had a song called, I forgot what it was called but we talked about it. Talked about how you know love ain't cool no more. Right. Our goal is try to make it cool again, but now you A simp. If you love too much, you cool To me that's how can, how can you loving somebody make you a simp like crazy. That thought is some simp shit if you ask me like that don't make no sense to me. You know what Emini here. So that's where we still coming from. We was coming from there then and we still coming from that same point of view. Absolutely. Right. You know what Emini here, I think that's, you know, it's too much homeboy love out there man. Like it's all good to have your crew homeboy love. Damn.


Kick it with they home. That's Right barber. That's all they loyal to barber music be About the guys loving Their home more than guys Emini here Necessary. Like you need your team. Right. That's a necessary thing but you don't wanna put too much attention there. And then your girl feeling some type of come on Emini here. What you, I ain't not a Emini here, but you sitting in the club Emini here, the VIP section full of niggas full of girls are like back in the day used to be. You see like everything because because like sometimes I see them talking and they like, man I'm gonna kill these niggas when I hit the streets. And then we used to be like, I'm gonna kill them hos when I S Right. That's right. Different. And that How y'all used to dress back in the day they used dress.


You what I'm saying When you think of like a RB group, you know it is nice and you know suits silk And all that. Silk shirts open, you know you see the me coming used dress like they about to shoot a thi game, like some thug love type stuff. I used to love seeing outfits in the videos was like, alright now you got into a car rack. So we broke your neck. Yeah, yeah man. Break. Break that down. What happened Now break that down after you said come Ony, break that down. Comedians. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. When I was in two, two car accidents inside of like nine months.


Absolutely. Damn. The first one I just broke my leg in two places. I had some wrist contusions and a knot on my head. And in the second one what Happened in the car? Did you fall asleep or did They cut you off? No, I was coming down the street. Right. You know how Atlanta we got all those, you know, do a u-turn to turn right? So I'm coming this way. There's a car sitting right here And I, and I'm and I'm, I'm knowing he see me, I see him and as I get this close then he wants to turn. Mm. So even though I stopped my brakes as hard as I could, I still hit him. He was at fault. Like I said, just tow my car up, tow me up. But the next one was really, that's what really messed me up. My got jack knife, nah, t the called it T-bone.


T-One somebody right in em middle of your car. Car. I was sitting at a light on that accident. I'm sitting at a light, right. And I hear these shots ran out and next thing you know, I guess the person who got hit, he lost control of his vehicle and he just swerved right into my vehicle. And on the driver's side, his side, I broke my neck. Jesus. I had five broken ribs on this side, one on this side. I got a scalp laceration right here. A lot. It was a lot with that one. It Was a Lot. I know it was pretty emotional for, I saw you on Tamara Hall when you talked about it and you got emotional for the rest of you guys. When you all heard about the second Car Accident, like what were you guys reactions and like kind of what was that like for y'all as Well?


I was, I was, I was scared 'cause I didn't know what to expect. Me too. You know what I'm saying? And I'm, I'm gonna keep it real. I don I don't have my license, but don't worry about that. This man never had a license. But, but Emini here, you know, my wife was like, you know, once I heard I'm like babe, I gotta get outta here. I'm damn near falling down the steps to get in my Uber showing up. Yeah. And, but in my mind I'm, I'm just praying. Mm.


I'm like, Lord, please don't come Emini here. It's, it's such a cliche like I say to hear about artists plane accident. Yeah. Motorcycle incident, car wreck. So I'm like, and then it's like this the second one, you know, and so we got up in, when I got there, 'cause I know the other guys are showing up. I seen him and I was like, okay, okay. He's not what It's still him. He ain't, You see still him because he won taking Nick brain off. Right. He like, I don take this shit up. I said, well my nigga good. He crack a couple joke. I'm like, he good. He was in pain though, you know what I'm saying? And like for me, you know it was the worst day of my life. I ain't gonna lie to you because the way I heard the call, somebody told me he first, they told me he got shot 'cause they heard the gunshots. Right. They said he got shot, then he got hit.


So, you know, you know this is my guy. You know what Emini here like Yeah. You know what Emini here, I can't talk about it either, but get him tell you for Me, I'm Emini here. You know, again, I'm, I'm gonna always say this man, A family that prays together stays together. You know what Emini here. So I immediately just dropped on my knees man and sent one up. You know what Emini here, God fixed this. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's all. Leave it him. Put it in your hands. Facts And all praise. The most time He did. The guy that got shot, did he make it or, or Man, I don't know. I don know. Yeah. What kept you during your healing process? Like what? My girl, my kid?


Yeah. You know? Yep. I ain't gonna lie, they took care of me. Absolutely everything. It was when I first Got to the house, It's all good man. Definitely All good. Yeah. Been a hell of a year man. Yeah, most definitely. Definitely All so, So seriously when you hear breaking Neck, you just like Talk bro. Yeah bro. It's a lot. Yeah. And like I said when I got there, you know one thing about him, you know, he was trying to be in the best spirit still, still it was hard, but he was trying, you know what I'm saying?


So that got me too. Just seeing how strong he really is. You know what Emini here like Yeah. Yeah. Do you look at life differently as a group and just people because it's, it, it has to change the way you look and the way you move. Absolutely. When you say goodbye to your, your girl and your wife and your kids, absolutely. It has to change all of that. All of us. You just never know when it's that time and think about it wasn't, Man, lemme tell you something man. We, we so blessed to be here, man. You gotta think like 15. We met each other at 15, you know, we had our little fights and gripes, but we understood the, the mission and that's to stay together first. Well keep God first. Stay together. There you go first again after that.


And, and we love what we do but we love each other. There you go. And we knew our mission was like you said, a lot a song back then r and b was a little soft. It was still good songs but still it was kind of soft. And then you had some that was kind of freaky. And so we definitely came up with the concept of where we wanna speak on behalf of brothers. Like DJ Envy, jagged Edge, you wear Tim Balls, we wear Jordans. You know what I'm saying? We know. We just not throwing on the suit. Yeah. Be more relatable man And be more relatable about hey I'm hurt. You hurt me baby. Right. And we need to talk about this. Right. You know what I'm saying? Or or you know, or I promise to stay there with you. Although, you know, you may be going, I want to learn what I need to do better.


So Absolutely. We knew that the message was more powerful coming from something real. Right. Instead of something that the label or the audience kind of expect. Right. Notice a little deeper than that. You know, music has a message behind it. Yeah. I'm super glad of the route we, we took man we never wanted, wanted to exclude anybody from, from our music or exclude, you know what Emini here like exclude this certain sale to this certain our block or this certain type of people. You know what Emini here, one thing about we all have in common is we have love somebody or wanted to love somebody. You know what? Emini here and that's a universal language for us. You know what Emini here love. So that's what we're gonna promote. And I always want to know how, how humble y'all always stay so humble, right?


Been in this industry a a long time and every time I see y'all or or you see your fans, you guys always smile. You always take pictures. Absolutely. You always shake hands and you don't see that a lot. What put that into you? 'cause like I said, I've known you guys a long time and you guys treated me the same when I was on radio just doing a mix tape, Whatever It was. Facts. And y'all don't know, but I used to tell people, y'all my cousin Casey, but you not black about showed up to the reunion. Like, is he here to do the grass? Yeah. I used to tell everybody that was my cousin for real Casey Dope. Dope. Did anybody ever Jesse different?


She You told us that one other time he told us that, I ain't gonna lie, somebody said to me, y'all that y'all actually could because, because you are you from up top too, from Queens, you from up north, you from up. They're just saying like, it ain't a lot of y'all up top like that. So you like, y'all might be related somewhere in their line for real, Just at the front door to club. You saying that nobody ever was I gonna that God envy. That's really crazy to admit out Loud. Like really crazy. But that's really, really important to us. Our fans man we, we do recognize that. Like that's that's one of the main reasons we're still here as well.


Our fans The Reason. Yeah. But, and you know what up sudo, like that's part of the reason for us, for our image being what it is. Like we felt like the acts that came for us was almost like this fairytale untouchable thing. We never wanted that. We just spoke regular niggas this same, you know what I'm saying? That's all we wanted. We wanna look like us. You know what I'm saying? So I know y'all chose the songs that you made because you said you wanted to cut through, but how did you choose who you worked with in the song? It's already for y'all, y'all are all it together, but y'all were very particular about who you featured on songs and who you worked with. How did y'all at 18, 19 choose that? Lot of times, a lot of times was Jermaine who chose that. But when it wasn't, you know, even back then in our early twenties, teenage years, we, we sit down at a, at a table like a boardroom right.


And we have ideas and we toss 'em around and you know, some don't make it, some do, but we very intentional about the things that we're doing. So we sit down and we, we discuss it. Absolutely. Y'all got a favorite song on the album? Yeah, it changed every day to me Is the single, I'm gonna keep it real. I'm The guy who love the singles as that's going Emini here. But yeah, He's Like that on every album. We call him Cheeseburger with Cheese and y'all know, with Ball Deers From the heart. You know what Emini here. But so anytime we get a man, we get a bop. Yeah. Come on Man. That's the one. That's it man. Like that's a bop man.


So What is your, what what is the Oh, oh Oh. Just might get it. Be careful what you wish for because you just might Get it. Just might get it. Okay. Come On now. I think for me right now, it's forever Love. Forever love for me right now. Okay. For me. I'm gonna go with She said what she said. She said what? She said. Yeah. And She said Somebody just text me and said they can't get past that. Yeah. She said what? She said it's gonna grab you. It's one of those songs like if you ain't ready, you gonna be crying. You don't know why. You know I'm, we had somebody crying yesterday. We was playing I how many times song?


What happened yesterday Made you Cry. Now is the time to talk about it. Are you guys gonna have any like, special guests on the tour? Hold, Wait, hold, wait. What's your, what's your favorite song? Jazz. Lemme tell you something, you turn up loud enough. I I I'm not loyal to to What's Favor because Emini here, we was playing the album the other day. He a song whore. He didn't switch like Anything. I'm a song. I got song. He the Red Red the song. Now I don, I don dunno My bad. What you Oh, Special guest on the tour. Like y'all bringing anybody out? Anybody popping out? All that's on this one? Yeah, but it's a couple things been offered to us we just haven't necessarily accepted.


So we'll see. Right. It's Me Evening with Jagged Eggs. Absolutely. That's the whole point of it. And we plan on doing that, you know, throughout the spring we probably take out a bigger tour later, you know, Midsummer Time something like, but this is just for, to celebrate the 25 years of Jay Heartbreak and just us still being here. You know what Emini here and honestly I I you know, this idea was kind of live, it was kind of live niche's idea and you know, we just kind of filled it and we thought yeah, that would be dope. So like you said, it's only a few, it's it's about nine dates on that tour. Right. And then when that's over it's it is. We probably out for the rest of the summer. Absolutely. Yeah. Y'all got some, some songs that people love that I don't know y'all gonna be able to do on the tour or not. Like The Nasty Girl, the trade it all.


No, no. See you Go Songs and if I come I just need to know like is That thing I love our music. Now You took the words right outta my mouth. But that's the next thing I was gonna say. Like we pay attention to our fans Emini here. We've had people hold up signs like with Remedy on it. We actually got cussed out one time overseas. A dude was shooting a bird at us in the audience. Entire Shadow shooting a bird is in Middle finger. I Know. Saying like that up here. So, oh, He Was giving Us a, he was giving us a finger the entire show. So of course you know we gonna go out The entire show Emini Here. Well, you know, wrong like the whole show. We Emini here, we seen it, you know, verbatim. So we went out in the crowd and after the show whatnot And I instant we seen dude approached him, asked him what was up And I was like, Hey man, what's going on?


Like, you know, we shooting us a, giving us a finger the entire show. He was like, 'cause y'all, y'all my favorite song man. I knew wasn't sing my song and it was for the rest of our lives. You know what He said? I knew way y'all was running through those numbers. Y'all weren't gonna do my song. Yeah. And we was like, what's your song? He was like, Russell about, I was like, we don't even do this song. But now we've added that in the show. We've got like a lot of, a bunch of new records in the show. Okay. Along with what we are. But That's not what she was alluding to. I know. And I know she was alluded to Emini here I'm asking the question because I think, you know, people, I know for me if I come out into midnight with, with you guys, I do wanna hear Trade Do All is my song Nasty Girl is my song. Like Let me Just say this too, right because we just did, we just had this conversation last night. Right. With each other.


No, with another, with a radio, with a radio station. Diddy. That's, you know, that's my brother. That's our brother. Like we've had a good relationship with. I can't speak on nobody else's, you know, it ain't my business. Right, right. But at the end of day, I can only deal with my interactions with the man. And it wasn't nothing like with, and I'm talking about plenty of them after being around him 30, 40 times. I never seen nothing that offended me. He's never offended me. Right. He always made sure if we was in his space, we felt welcome. Absolutely Right. And like I said, all the other things that other people talk, they can have that. Right. You know, I had an uncle went to jail for 11 years. Lemme shout out. My uncle Larry. Uncle Larry. I had an uncle, went to jail for 11 years and he was always still just my uncle Larry then changed to the point where he's some different guy.


'cause he did some, some messed up stuff. He's still my uncle Eric. And it's the same with Diddy to me at this point, you know, I don't know if he's innocent or if he's guilty, but that's my brother and that's, that's all I can say about him. Pray for him man. Pray for him, for him. Damn right. But I do want to ask Trade it all. Were y'all surprised he called y'all and not home Two and not one 12. Not one 12. Listen. One 12. I'm pissed the fuck off. Listen, Really? We got more songs with him than they do. Right? We got like three, four songs for bro. You know what I'm saying? So It's like, that's why he said the cheer leading in the rah rah shit To the bottom.


The album. Definitely pick it up right now. And we appreciate you guys for joining. Let's Get into a off album. What y'all want to hear Go with the singles. Just video out on Friday When the tour start. March 26th. 26th. March 26th, Dallas. Well ladies and gentlemen, there you have it. It ends jagged edge. It's the Breakfast Wake That as up The Breakfast Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I Love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex, and haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro. I'm gonna rip your arms Off and use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to My legacy. I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King, and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg. We explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, o Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen to my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.


I.