
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


What's up? It's me Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe, it's just very seamless. It's like you clipping on your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions with would be great. Check out bows.com for more This Christmas.


So you're Her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As Long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going To the Lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knock out crowd pleaser. I'm been trained for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've Been working my whole life for this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only in theaters everywhere. Christmas Day,


The Big holiday beauty sale at Ulta Beauty is happening now. Get the best gifts up to 50% off. Including can't miss deals on urban decay palettes and the fabulous shark dryer and Styler. My skin is so important to me. So, You know, I got the first aid, beauty Ultra repair cream. Gotta make sure I hydrate my skin. But that's not all. New deals drop every week. So whether you're treating yourself or finding the perfect gifts for your crew, head to an Ulta Beauty store today. Get all the best gifts. All at Ulta Beauty.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jess, Larry Charlemagne. Tha God We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. That's right. We have Giselle Bryan, welcome. Hi. How you feeling? Good morning. I'm feeling so good. I was gonna name all the stuff that The Real Housewives of Potomac. I was gonna say Shady podcast. The reason of Shady podcast. Straight in right. The Reasonably Shady podcast. Robin Dixon. Yes. The new show. Love Hotel. You're doing so much. Yeah, I'm doing a lot. Making a lot of money out there from college tuition. Sure is. Yes. Well, You know, we got the dad for the college tuition. Thank God. Okay. Hallelujah. Praise him. Keep preacher, preacher, but Keep preaching.


Preaching. Jesus. Yes, yes, yes. But yeah, I'm doing a lot and I'm, You know, it's good. I, I'm at a place where I can say no to things I'm doing things that like make me happy. Mm. Yes. Sure. Now, how was the Real Housewives franchise? Right? Because you see Housewives being fired. Yes. Some franchises being canceled. Rebooted New York was canceled and rebooted. Yeah. I think Dubai has been canceled. Yes. And a lot of 'em, they're saying they're trash. So how is Potomac still been able to survive from all of this stuff that's been Happening? All the trash, you mean? Okay. Yes. Pretty much. First it's Potomac. Potomac, I'm sorry. Yes. Is hard. Like the reality TV space is extremely difficult. And it's, it's difficult to like, have some longevity.


You have to, for housewives, it's not hard. You guys have to be friends. It's a show about friendship. So when you are trying to be toxic, when you're trying to say stuff to your castmates that's toxic and it's at the point of no return, then there goes the show. You can't come back from that. And no viewer wants to sit in week after week and look at a show that there's a bunch of women that hate each other. It becomes unreal. Hold On. I thought that's the whole point of reality here. That's what I was gonna say. That's what I thought. I thought the, the conflict and, and the toxic was what got people In for it. But it's, it's a fine line. It's like a dance you gotta do. So it's lightweight toxicity. It's not hardcore toxicity.


And then you gotta have be able to come back and laugh. You gotta be able to come back and make fun of each other. And it's a girlfriend thing. You know, you have some toxic girlfriends. Right. And, but You know that y'all can go out on Saturday and have fun, but somebody's getting cussed out. Yeah. But it's okay 'cause there's a love there and you can still like rise above it. Yeah. Yeah. And then Sunday we can all talk about what happened. Yes. And that'd be it. Yeah. And then, You know, you have, it's a dynamic of like, there's some girlfriends that are just like the wild card, the drunk one, the the one that's always gonna like be reserved. It's, it's the dynamic of the group, but it just can't get to a toxic place. Otherwise you're Yes. You're gonna be cancer.


Has it ever been a, a part or a time where you're like, I don't wanna do this reality TV shit no more. Like seriously, I'm about to throw in a towel. Yes. Yeah. You about to give me fire. Of course. I, I always say 'cause reality TV is tough. If there is a point in a season in which you don't feel like you wanna quit, then you're not doing your job. You have to get to that point. And for instance, this season, I didn't feel it until the end. So, And I was checking myself with it. 'cause I was like, I've been kind of like feeling good. I've been in a great place. I don't feel like I wanna quit. And, and then towards the end of the season I was like, yeah, there you, I'm done.


There you go. There you go. But you have to give it all. And if you don't then you shouldn't be doing it. And is that, that, so that's recipe to a good season Absolutely. For you, you to get that feeling. Oh, I was like this, this season's gonna be fire. And it is Too. You're the villain a lot in a lot of these. Like, you go at people's personal lives, you'll go at d whatever, relationship, personal envy. So, You know, so we are friends. Envy. I'm I'm just asking, I'm just asking because I watched the show with my wife and I'm like, that's not the Giselle. I know. Oh my Touching my purses. Oh. I think that anything that is out there on social media is fair, is semi fair game.


I'll never go after anybody's mother or child. But yeah, if it's out there, let's talk about it. And, and that's like a good girlfriend relationship. Right. Take the cameras away. If something's going on with my girlfriend, we gonna talk about it. I'm not gonna get together with her and act like it ain't happening. Yeah, no, let's talk. And it do. And just because the cameras are there doesn't mean it's shady. It's how you handle the answer that, that you feel like is shady. Yeah. I don't think you a villain. I think you, I think you throw reasonable shade. Yes. Which is He's the podcast. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. You know, Rob is not with, with us this season. And so the reasonable of the show has been like, You know, gone. But I've had to pick up that reasonable part.


So you gotta do both. I Had to do a little bit about it. How how hard is that? It's difficult being reason not part of my personality. The Thing I like about you though is because it's hard to build a name outside of the reality show. Yes. And a lot of people that becomes their whole identity. That has not been the case for you. No, because I leave it there. So, and, and that is when we're filming. I leave it there when I come home. I'm not trying to talk to my kids about it. I'm not trying to think about it. It's, I look at it as it's on camera stuff. I did it on camera. Now that the cameras are gone, I'm done with it Now does your, your kids ever try to talk to you about it? You got an older baby girl? Yes. And does, does she question you about some things that she'll see on there?


Or Does That ever happen? Well, they probably won't mention it. And one of 'em is here today, but they're shadier than me. Ooh. So if the apple don't fall far, huh? You know, their mama is me. Their father is who he is. They are some shady kids. Yeah. So if I come home and tell them what's going on, they, You know, they get a kick out of it. Yeah. Yeah. So they, there are times when they're like, ma, you can't say that. But then there are times where they're like, good, I'm glad you checked her. Yeah. Yeah. And how do you deal with the blogs? Right? Because they attack everything that you do. Yes. The way you decorate your house, the way you dress. That's good. And she gucci out. I don't see the problem. Like I see her all the time. That's good. But how does that Affect promote me?


Go ahead. That's when People take stabs at you and talk about you when You know Yeah. It's bs. Right. And I, I find it funny because that means if you're talking about the way that I dress or my house, whatever that means you have nothing else. Right. And you're just now, now making up something and Yeah. Y'all keep talking about me. So it's like I don't even have to get outta bed in the morning, like, because y'all are talking about me. So I actually appreciate it. I like the haters. Yeah. They're my friends. Now you just did your, your first 21 questions live show in Chicago. Yes. How do You know? Well, there'll be what you mean How I know, I know everything. Just math. Denise is real. Yes. Allegedly. Are there gonna be other cities? Yes. So I'm planning that right now. Okay. Thank you so much for asking. Yeah, I Jess, that was something that I did on my own.


So we've reasonably Shady has done live shows. Yeah. But it's been me and Robin. So it was my first, You know, Beyonce by herself. It was my first breakout right. By myself. I was terrified And I did it And I felt like I killed it. Yeah. Like, I felt like I can do this. I felt comfortable, which was personally I needed that. So yes, I'm now planning the whole tour. So we're doing West Coast first and then we're gonna come through Charlotte, do a little Houston, Dallas, and then come back to New York. Atlanta. Yes. So February. Yeah. Now why were you nervous? What made you nervous about it? Because I have a tendency to, okay.


To know me is to know that I'm very quiet and to myself And I like to be home and mind my business. What? Yes. All those things. Oh, you said to know you is to know. Okay. Gotcha. To know. Yes. Got you. So, And I have a tendency to, to kind of say things that's really on my mind and it, and it could be a bit much, and Robin always kind of like checks me in that and she's just kind of like, whoa. Like that was team too much. Like calm down. So I didn't have that person. And just doing it by myself made me feel like a, I'm a mess up. And You know, that's a scary thing. Like, and if you don't have anybody like to quote catch you.


So I did it, but it went well. It went well. Yeah. I was happy. And it obviously, 'cause you're adding cities And I think that's good. So congratulations for doing this. Thank you. Congratulations. Your own doing that. That's dope. How does it feel to have the house to yourself? Oh My God. Because You an empty nesting there. Yes. Okay, so let's talk about it because you're not there. I'm nowhere near there. You are nowhere near there. Nowhere near. And neither of you. Okay, so let's talk about it. At first, I was like super sad 'cause I dropped off three kids in three cities in 72 hours. So it was like a thing. And mind you, all my kids go to HBCU, shout out to the HBCU Life. Right. Grace is gonna to Hampton. Hampton? No, no, no. Grace is gonna to fam Fam the one's in Spelman. The one's at Spelman.


And she's at ADOS at Hampton. The real HU the the real H one. Yes. Gotcha. Yes. She's a freshman. She just finished all of her. This is her first semester. She's rocking what? A 3.9? 4.04 point 0.0. You better that that we do. I know That's right. That's how We do. She wearing red though. No, don't get it twisted. Don't get it twisted. That's next year's conversation. Okay. I'm I'm I'm just asking Next. Oh fine. I'm Sorry. Okay. So when I got home I was super sad. Like I was just like, what am I gonna do? And then the next day I woke up And I was like, I'm walking around the house naked. I love that. It's so freeing. Yeah. I get up when I want to.


I don't have to go to the grocery store. I don't have to feed anybody. This is like amazing and all I can, all I have to do is just think about me. And that's a great feeling to just think about yourself after you've been thinking about and planning around somebody else's life for a damn near 20 years. Yeah. Wow. Like, it's a nice feeling. Were you ever, I don't know how to say it. Have you, how did you feel about them splitting up like a door going to So, and to Hampton and, and Angel Spelman. So they both applied to both colleges and they both got in to Hampton and Spelman. So I was thinking they were just gonna make the decision stay together.


However, angels a better fit for Spelman. Mm. Ado iss a better fit for Hampton Ado at Spelman would kill her because it, it's just not a good fit for her. It's, they're, they're very quiet, they're very studious day party. Like once a week, You know, she need a party like three times a week. Yeah. So she needed to get it in. Yeah. So I was concerned, but I knew that if they were were gonna split up, they would thrive. And they are, they're thriving. Got it. I want, how did that even feel having all three of your kids go to college though? In HBCUs, hb I got four dogs. I hope all of 'em go to college. But to have all three Yeah. End up going to college. I didn't realize that. It was like, like I did a great job until people started telling me, they're like, Giselle, this is a flex.


Like you got all three of your girls in college. That's right. A black college. I, I'm super proud of them. I, You know, when you're in it, you don't realize you're what you're doing. And when I was in it, I didn't realize like, yeah, I'm making my life all about them. I'm making sure that they're doing all the extracurricular stuff and that they're expanding their horizons. So I felt like this is what I'm supposed to be doing. But now that I see the result of it, I'm like, damn, I did that thing. Word. Yeah. And I'm just proud of them. 'cause they are, You know, you want your kids to to to live their best life, but they really are.


Yeah. So it's, it's nice to see. And You didn't try to influence all of 'em to go to Hampton? I didn't. Did I? What about Just, just a little bit? She Said just a little bit. I mean, I wanted, listen, their dad went to Morehouse, so he wanted one of them at Spelman. I wanted one of them at Hampton and it worked out. I was gonna ask when, when, You know, co-parenting. Yeah. How did y'all get to the place where y'all can co-parent that way? Because y'all went through a divorce And I'm sure it wasn't a nice divorce. No. How did y'all get to a point where y'all could Prayer? Of course. Of course. Duh. So when y got to a place where it was a, where y'all both could really co-parent and take all the emotions out of it, how did y'all get there? And When did that happen? I'm gonna gonna be honest. It, it was, it was a lot of me.


That was the problem or No? No, it was a lot of, I decided when they, because they, we got divorced, they were little, they were like two and three mm. And I decided I got a l My attorney told me, you got a long road with this guy. Mm. So if you don't like him, if you think he's a fool, you gotta put that in the back burner because it's about your kids. So I had to just let it go. Did he, throughout the course of their life, piss me off every other day? Yes. But I had to let it go. And I didn't want them to feel like, because we're getting a divorce, they didn't have, didn't have a family unit. So I would invite him to everything. We going on vacation, he can come, we doing dinners, he can come.


And as long as he didn't, You know, clearly piss me off, then we can continue to do it. So, yeah. I mean, it's tough, but you gotta just put your kids first. So When y'all went on vacation or you invited him, was he able to bring his new girl Or were you able to No. Oh, okay. And I mean, he could have, he just never did. Okay. Yeah. And I, I, in, in my vacations, I kept it about the kids. Gotcha. Okay. Because I, one was gonna ask you what would've happened to her, but nevermind because you, Because you changing. I mean, we had, we didn't stay in the same room, so he might've had flown somebody out And I never saw her, but he kept it respectable in front of the kids. Gotcha. For sure. Which I appreciate.


I appreciate that. But no, it's not easy. And, and to Jamal's credit, because I had them the majority of the time, he let me do my thing with the girls. He wasn't like a helicopter parent and like, trying to question how I was parenting them. Yeah. So that was, I appreciated that. Yeah. He let me do my thing. And with you being an open nester now, how's dating? Because you said you getting back to yourself, walking around the house naked, all that. I'm sorry. Big girl. Why The hell Jeff came outta you? Just now you need to, what was that? You need to relax around that.


I haven't Even heard the term open nester. Jesus. What, what? Empty nest. Empty nest. I like open nested. You like open nested. What? Okay, Do I open nester Because nester's Open again, nest, open again. Open. So they FaceTime me all the time and they see I'm naked and they're like, please put some clothes on. So the whole walking around naked is a thing. Yeah. It's a good thing. Yeah. Because that like makes you feel sexy. Yes. So yes. The, the Landscape has come what, more than once a week? I'm sure Landscaping did three times a week. But why is they back? I I don't stand in front the window. Empty. Empty. Right. So it's, it's a good feeling. And yes, I have been dating. To answer your question, 'cause I seen on the show you did speed dating with Ashley, who's now divorced.


Yes. But yes. How was that? Are you still seeing the guy from the speed dating? Yeah, he's around. Okay. Yeah. There, there's several. You Got a roster? Yes. It's about time. It's about that. It's because I, I have the time now. Yes. So if you had time for a roster, you'd have a roster. That's right. Yeah. And if you weren't in committed relationships people, which all of you all are in. Yes. Yes ma'am. Yes. Okay. Because I remember I used to have a roster, girl, You know, I was up and down the streets. Yes. And all them name was Chris. Chris one. Chris, Chris. Three. I know, right? I know. I got ties. I just settled down with one. Yeah, no, I, I feel like it's my time. I feel like I'm not going to settle into something unless it's really, really, really right. Yeah. And I earned that.


Yeah. Yeah. Do you wanna get married again? So I have said for like the longest time. Absolutely not. Like for what? Like what does that bring to me? But I might, I'm open. What changed your mind? What's his name? Mind your business. I'm open because I do feel like, You know, my kids have never seen like a straight up family unit and they don't really understand the concept of what that means. So I, if I'm able to give that to them, and if the guy is amazing, then I will. And does that how, how and there will be major prenups, trust, all that handled.


I was just gonna ask you about Yeah. How you are moving forward with like, how do you date now? Because with your Yeah. Last marriage, it infidelity played a big part in it. Yeah. So how are you with trusting who you're even dating, even if it's not exclusive? Like Yeah. Do you feel, are you scared? Like, no, not scared at all. Yeah. I mean, I, I think all of us have trust issues just by nature. We black people like who, who, who we trusting. Yeah. But at some point in time, you, you gotta let it go. And I, I'm okay with that. I'm okay with being with a man And I can finally just like let it go. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm not the girl to like, I don't know about you Jess, but I don't like look through people's phones and I'm not, I'm not like trying to find, I'm not trying to be FBI.


Right. I'm not trying to find out what you're doing. Yeah. I actually just don't care. So if you're out here doing something, like I'm the easiest girl to cheat on. 'cause like I just, I won't, I won't. I'll be the last to know. Yeah. Yeah. So once you break the trust, it's a problem. That's a wrap. And how are your kids, what you're dating with, with, how are they with that? So they hate everybody. I'm sure. Do they, She say yes. Nobody good enough for moms, Especially your girls. They feel like I just run through 'em. Damn. No, I mean not. Like, that was terrible to say. Do you? Yeah, Absolutely. You grow, Run through them. That's You. If you had a roster that you run through that the wrong day, you Grown. Lemme clean that up. Okay. Do I run through 'em? Okay. So


they, the Holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company,


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren Osa, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally kicks the dynamic. New exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Did You know there's no Tom at TOMS? The shoe company You know and love. Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with TOMS, the family favorite footwear brand. From Chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic allgas slip bombs. Each pair of TOMS is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for play. Our Kids line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them. A win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together. We've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear at TOMS do com.


I just feel like I don't take anybody seriously And I don't allow men to make mistakes that I'm just like onto the next. So they don't really even get invested unless they really see I'm invested. Yeah. How's it been doing the show without Robin? It was tough. It was tough. You know Robin, y'all know she's notoriously late. I was always thinking she was going to come into the scene just late per usual. She was always kinda like the voice of reason when people are going left and screaming at each other. She was always looking at like the bigger picture and we didn't have that. So yeah, I miss, I miss definitely miss her. Yeah. Yeah. But she's just opened up a med spa in Columbia.


You know the Target in Columbia? Yeah. In that strip mall. I hate that I said the Target in Columbia. You know exactly what I was talking about. I know. Yeah. Absolutely. Many targets in Columbia. Yes. Yeah. Okay. So it's in that, in that mall. Well congratulations Robin. Definitely. It's called Glow 30. Mm. Yeah. So next time you're in town. Okay. And it's like a subscription type of med spot. She's she's doing great. Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever think about walking when, because she, she said she got fired. Did, did you ever think about walking when she got fired? No. I, I'm supposed to quit my job 'cause you got fired. I know that's right. I know that's right. Shit. I'm supposed to fumble my bag. I don did y'all have a convo about it though? I'm Sure. Of course. Like after she got the call she immediately called me. But she kind of felt it coming.


You know, unfortunately she's in a situation in which she's with her, her guy Juan. But for whatever reason people don't like that relationship. And so year after year she would have to defend it and it was kind of like she, everybody was tired of this. But You know, you shouldn't you shouldn't have to defend the person that you have been married to that you love constantly. Like, let it be. So she's, she's not, she's stress free right now. I'm the one stressed out 'cause I'm still on the show, but she's like stress free and living her best life. Are you bringing those, the people that you're dating on the show or no? What, what are you talking about? Don't make, don't make these holes famous. Now she would never, don't make the whole famous, I mean he's gotta be So I did the speed dating.


Right? So lemme tell you about the speed data. Okay. So he, we were going out a couple times, but then, You know, he really liked me just like a little too much. You know, he was like telling me all the time. And that's kind of like the kiss of death. You don't Like infection? I don't like Telling infection, affection. Oh, affection. No, We don't like infections. Affection of course you don't like infection, affection. Okay. I do. But it's, it's a way that you, he did too much too quick. And it's like, you just tell me I'm great once, not like all day, every day. Don't keep praising. Yes, yes. That is so Confusing. That's crazy. Same thing. What if I really feel that way? What if I'm looking at you And I'm like, damn, yo, God has blessed me. Oh my God. You can only say once.


Once again. Damn. I mean, because then it's, the challenge is over for me then, You know, I know I Got 'em. Got. Yeah. What, what else? Nothing to look forward to now. What else? Yeah, so, or tell me in other ways. Make it be a gift. Make it, You know, don't tell me what your words tell me with action. Right, right. So he, I did something else in my life. I did, I can say I did do a dating show. Right? So I told him about the show before I left and that kind of like, threw him off and he couldn't understand it. So he went away. He Thought he was the one and you went, you go ahead and go on a date and Show. Yeah, but I said I I already got this bag before I met you. So he should have understood.


Yeah. And he did. But he went away for like three months and then when all of a sudden he just like reappear. He was like, Which you mean he went away for three months jail or No, went away. Like outta my life. He stopped talking To him. Okay. I, he said went away. Alright. I was just say, Okay, got out. I don't mess with those guys anymore. Said anymore. That's in my past. Right. So now he's back full throttle. He, You know, he wants to do trips, he wants to do all the things. 'cause now he's putting his, his full energy and attention in it the way that I want to receive it. That motivated him, that motivated him. So every now and again, you just gotta like, let him loose Go. Right? Yeah. So when you tell him that, when you say, look man, you don't gotta tell me I'm great all the time. Yeah. What, how does he react to that? Well, Giselle, I mean, I, I just, I just wanna express myself.


I just wanna let You know. And I mean, I haven't like, You know, I haven't, I don't, I don't really meet women like you all the time and it's just, yeah, I know Playa like, it's, it's just like, wow. You understand? I understand. Like right Now you dating somebody you wanna tell her she beautiful, but you can only tell her once a year. No, what she saying? You know, people always, I heard what she said. You said he should also show you. Yes. You don't gotta tell me, show me what your actions. Yes. I, I I can understand that. Yes. Yeah. And my kids met him and they was throwing shade at 'em. So it was just like, yeah, you said I need three months away from This. So you can't date anybody that's quote unquote average or broke you because you talking trips. You talking about buy me expensive gifts. The daughter's like, Nope.


No. Okay. Say buy me expensive gifts. Thank gifts. You putting words in my mouth. All right. You right. You don't have to, I'm not the Gucci Louisie Prada girl. Like, you don't have to do all That. You're not Gucci. You not the GI Yes, I have Gucci on right now, however, I bought this from Rice out. That's right. I don't, I don't need that. But you can show me little, you got flowers. It doesn't have to be, it's okay To answer your question, am I dating a man that's broke? No, that's, that's, that's like why would I do that? That was So, because you trying to get a politically correct answer. You like, look, fuck, I'm not, Not, you cannot be broke Alone ain a broke man. Okay. And it's not, and Jess, you can appreciate this. You've worked hard for where you are. Stability and financially. Yes. Right. As have I.


Why? You don't need to take care of a man. No, no. So it's a no. And I don't know who, who you're with. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is is he not, I'm not with somebody I gotta take care of. Okay. Thank you. Of now I, I was in a relationship like that. Okay. A couple of relationships like that. So I definitely know what you mean. Yeah. Know you, you I don't wanna date nobody broke, but, And I know that because I've dated broke people, so that's why I know that. Yeah. I, she probably never did. I've dated broke men and been up, You know what I mean? Right. And try to help and nah, no. So no, that's why I loves, I Don wanna do no what if he's a great man? Everything. Yeah. He just don't have the, the finance. So, so that can only go so far and I'm fine with that. But it can only go like in the bedroom and then like, where, where are we going to dinner? No, you can't pay.


Are we going on a trip? No, I can't afford my tickets. You can't afford yours. And of course. So it's like, love you. Yeah. So it's like, where, what are we doing here? Yeah. Now I, I gotta ask. The Dayton show was Love Hotel, right? Love Hotel. Dayton Show was Love hotel. Okay. Okay. Yes. Now I wanted to ask about the, I know you still in a lawsuit with Eminem. Did that, did that ever finish? Did whatever happened with that? Is it over yet? Y'all could probably appreciate this. Y'all probably know more than me. Okay. So y'all know a guy named Paul Rosenberg, EM'S manager. Em was Manager. Yep. We deposed him. And from that, okay. I can't say much from that. I I think it's almost over. Mm. It's almost over. Okay. So the, the, our position was Eminem deposed Eminem's team had me and Robin deposed. So all is fair and love and war.


We are gonna depose Eminem. So when our, our side said, okay, we need depose him all, hell broke loose. They was like, oh no, no, never. He doesn't even know anything about this. Well, if he doesn't know anything about this Mm, why are we here? That's Right. 'cause his name is all in every headline. Right. So, but that's a lie. I mean, you, you had to have told 'em something. So because of that, I think that they're had decided, okay, these girls aren't going away. And, and like, we gotta settle. Like, well, patent and trade is gonna settle it or figure it out. 'cause we're at the end of the road. All depositions have been done. All disclosures. All all. And yes, we've spent a lot of money. I Was gonna ask, how much did y'all pay in lawyer fees? It is still ongoing. It's a lot. But a, a lot.


Jesus. A lot. Yeah. He Didn't, he don't own the word shady. You don't own the word shady. And what they don't, and what we know is there have been other companies, small companies, insignificant, not insignificant, but small like upstarts that have had shady in their name and they paid 'em off immediately. Yep. They paid 'em off to go away just to make it go away. But we weren't gonna do that. Or unless y'all didn't offer us something that could make us go away. But no, we're too far in now and no, it's a no And I don't even get it. Like, why would you be doing this to us? Yeah. Because we thank God we had the money, but let's just say we didn't. That's right. And we're just two black women out here just trying to Yeah. Make a dial out of 15 cents. Yeah. Yeah.


Make sure you subscribe to the Reasonably Shady podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network available everywhere you listen to podcasts. Yeah, There you go. And we drop on Mondays. Monday. Yeah. Real quick, what is the real beef with Karen and who you? Karen and me. Yeah. Because You know what, one, one minute y'all throwing shade. Next minute y'all supporting each other. Is there a real beef is what I should've said. Is there a real beef and the underlying issues? I i to be the truth be told, I think Karen And I obviously we started the show together. Yeah. Let's pray for Karen 'cause she's gonna court next week. I think that in Karen's mind, she wanted to be whatever she wanted to be as far as the show was concerned and that, and she had a lot of people in her ear.


And so I think that that caused her to like comfort me and comfort me. Yeah. But I, I've known Karen since before the show started. Like we were friends. Okay. So I knew what she was doing sometimes on camera was just some nonsense And I was gonna ride with you with this nonsense. Yeah. But at, I mean we've been doing this for so long now. Like at its core we love each other. At its core we root for each other, but she just comes from me 'cause she gets bored. Got it. Yeah. And I'm, I'm okay with that out. I'll, I'll play, I'll play with you. Oh, we know you play. Okay. I just had to, except for myself. I watch the show. I wanna know like yes, myself and Ashley is on the show. Yeah. Y'all been doing a lot of business together? Yes. Okay. Yes. And, and Ashley is wild. Mm. Yes. I don't like how do y'all feel about public displays of affection?


Mm. If's Your, it depends. That's your boob. What's wrong With that? It depends on where we at sometimes, like, You know, if we're going somewhere, if it's the date night Yeah. And, and we're somewhere intimate, fine. But I don't really like the hold hands. I don't like the every now and then, You know, you Hands big as hell your hands. That's why. Excuse me. I'm sorry. What you say? Nothing. Oh, okay. So yeah, I don't, I don't made up. I have little small hands. Hands don't hold them. Yes. You know? Yes. So I, I don't know. I, it depends. It just depends. Yeah. I don't really like public affection either. I'm a Kansas It Yes. I'm very affectionate. Oh, real in public. Yeah. Okay. So, but if, so I, I, I like that if, but I'm gotta be like in a relationship or really with this guy.


Yeah. So to meet all these guys and all of a sudden like, like they wanna kiss me on camera, like it kind of freaks me out. Well See that's whack. Because like you said, you're not in a relationship and these guys might be doing that just because you are Giselle. So it's like, lemme get a look. They, they could be clout chasing. You don't know. You know what I mean? Yes. So, but other ladies on the show, they, they was cool with it and so it, it, it's, you'll see Giselle over here being a prude and you'll see pimps up, hose down. Damn. Okay. So, so what's up with Mia Thornton? I heard you say that she's, she's dead to you and it, and it's two part question. Yeah. You said she's dead to you. And is it hard when people bring your children into the reality show?


Yeah. No. So the second part, yes, it is disgusting when you talk about children, they didn't sign up for this and children just off limits. That's like across the board, children are off limits. So if you wanna come for me, come for me. Like, you don't have to bring my children into this. So that for me is a point of no return. You know, like she And I used to be friends off camera, but that's over. And I feel like you do it when you're desperate. You do stuff like that when you're desperate. When you ain't got no storyline, When you desperately want think that this is gonna elevate you. Mm. And, and it, it didn't really work out that well for her. Mm. It, I mean, I don't, nobody's buying into that.


Yeah. And she's got enough to worry about. She got a husband. Yeah. She got a little boyfriend. She's, she don't know the paternity of her child. She, I mean there's a lot going on Yeah. With her. Wow. Jesus. So yeah. She's dead to me still. Yes. She'll never be alive. Dang. Even if she apologized. So there was, so we're gonna let the show play out. But there was, she was given ample opportunity to apologize. But You know what she did? She doubled and tripled down on it. Yikes. Can't do that. And nobody plays when it comes to their kids at all. Nah. Who playing about their kids? Nobody. Yeah. So if you thinking and you going continue to do it, that means you really feel that way about my kids. And that's a never. Yeah, yeah. No, I ain't mad You Thank you.


Well, we don't you to the dead, Even If you won't apologize too late. Well, the Real Housewives of Potomac, that's it, right? Potomac Potomac. Oh Lord. Sundays on Bravo. Of course. The reasonably shady podcast On the Black Effect. iHeart Radio podcast network drops every Monday. Yes. And Of course the new show Love Hotel. Yes. Well, we appreciate you for joining us. Yes, thank You. Thank y'all for having me. I always love you. Absolutely. You guys, y'all are up Maing. Thank. How do y'all love Jess? We love Jess. I know. Love Jess. I love Jess. Hello the fuck. That's Family. Even before she was on the show. That's family. That's why I love Jess. She know that. She just asked a question. You sitting there like You said nothing.


I love Jess. Absolutely. And I, I I will say I, we really appreciate being on Black Effect. Thank You. We appreciate Having Yes. It's, You know, we feel good about what we're doing. Absolutely. We appreciate what you, we feel good about what you're doing too. Yes. I mean, it's gonna be No, it, It's one of our biggest podcasts. Oh really? Absolutely. Okay. It's gonna be like five seasons. We thought y'all would've fired us like three seasons ago. No, absolutely not. Thank God. Not all that money. You making them please. I know, right? I Know, right, right. It's Giselle Bryan at The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Bye. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength. And Wow. It's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender. Unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jollier. Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with a sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Artesian get $50 off any cocktail maker at artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


Boost Your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.