
Hey, I'm Jack B. Thomas, the host of a brand new Black effect original series Black Lit, the podcast for diving deep into the rich world of black literature. I'm Jack Peace Thomas And. I'm inviting you to Join me in a vibrant community of literary enthusiasts dedicated to protecting and celebrating our stories. Black Lit is for the page turners for those who listen to audio books while commuting or reading errands. For those who find themselves seeking solace, wisdom and refuge between the chapters from thought provoking novels to powerful poetry will explore the stories that shape our culture. Together we'll dissect classics and contemporary works while uncovering the stories of the brilliant writers Behind them.


Black Lit is here to amplify the voices of black writers and to bring their words to life. Listen to Black Lit on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs, but du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks.


Wake up at Holiday Inn Express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay Count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need, and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone, like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast. That's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts,


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh For everyone.


If you're a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better. They offer access to experts and fast delivery, so you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.