
I am Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore The Making of a Rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a Foil. I ain't Really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every single day and that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained?


This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open ear bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bowls.com for more. This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness.


Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior. Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If. you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough, or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.