
Welcome to Decisions. Decisions, the podcast where boundaries are pushed and conversations get candid. Join your favorite hosts. Me, Weezy, WTF, And me Mandy B. As we dive deep into The World of non traditional relationships and explore the often taboo topics surrounding dating, sex and love. Figured you should talk about the history of the sex parties. Whenever I think of swingers parties, the first thing that comes to mind is like the fishbowls. What's the fishbowl? Where they throw the keys in the fishbowl and then they would pull out key parties. Police couples would go and they would throw their keys into the fishbowl. If You're a man, you pick keys, whoever the key is, gimme your wife. Yeah. So it literally says in here, they were called key parties before they were called swinger parties. Wow.


Wait. And They do it a lot in movies. So you look at some of the children's movies, that's what it's a reference to. So whenever you see there is a little scene where they're throwing the keys in the bowl, and that's what it's alluding to. You have Never been Nikki. Yes. Every Monday and Wednesday, we both invite you to unlearn the outdated narratives dictated by traditional patriarchal norms With a blend of humor, vulnerability, and authenticity. We share our personal journeys, navigating our thirties, tackling the complexities of modern relationships, and engage in thought provoking discussions that challenge societal expectations. I don't think I gave my ex enough ways to show up for me other than finance. Maybe like to pay for something.


Like I never let him really do things for me. Can I Hold you? I'm ordering. I wanna see you read instructions and use them hands. That's the interview process. I ain't got no mark plugs because I ain't got a car. But I wanna see you build some From groundbreaking interviews with diverse guests to relatable stories that'll resonate with your experiences, decisions. Decisions is gonna be your go-to source for the open dialogue about what it truly means to love and connect. In today's world, I don't think I realized what I didn't really need. Intimacy. Yeah. On the flip side, I didn't realize how much I needed and crave it until my last relationship. I was cool with being flown out, baby. We got 24 hours and that just being the exchange. And now I was like, I'm good. 'cause it's, I'm, I want to cuddle.


I wanna lay up. I wanna, you're, You're, you're getting fulfillment from somewhere else now. And it sounds like it's, you. Get ready to reshape your understanding of relationships and embrace the freedom of authentic connections. Tune in and join The Conversation. Join The conversation. Listen to decisions, decisions on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void Wear prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


You Wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee, So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash Project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Mrs. Meyers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine in your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Meyers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.